The Virginia Symphony began as the Norfolk Symphony in the 1920's, but when the recession of the late 1970's put several orchestras in peril, it merged with the Penninsula Symphony and the Virginia Beach Pops and took its current name.
In this case the site was treated as the obstruction to the flow of ferries and commuter buses.
In language as clinical as Mr. Kramer's is vitriolic, the provost, Dr. Richard, explains that Yale has frozen its faculty hiring and cannot add a professorship for Mr. Kramer without cutting one elsewhere.
In the fall of 1994, under her orders, Jefferson became the first city high school to require uniforms: navy slacks or knee-length skirts, button-down blue shirts.
''He told both the Mayor and I that he was sorry he inconvenienced us,'' Commissioner Safir said yesterday.
Acquiring WBIS, which will change its call letters to WPXN, would bring Paxson's potential national audience to 57 million homes.
''When you're around someone, and get to know him, you can't believe he'd do this.
''I'm only half joking when I say that,'' he said.
With its low-cost operations, the company should continue to dominate the market, he said.
This committee is using its clout to help greening groups gain access to city officials and developers.
In 1900, the Singer Manufacturing Company bought the L-shaped plot at 561 Broadway through to Prince Street.
''Why do you have plastic over that thing?''
A sign on the All-Care Pharmacy said ''Open Sunday.''
You breathe and then you die.
The flavor of wildflowers was unmistakable; the edge of gum tree, unavoidable -- but a whiff, too, as it passed, of something unidentifiable, like the air in one of those caves, perhaps, or a mouthful of prickly pear.
ORCHID SELECT -- 1 Central Avenue, Haledon, N.J. 07508.
The son constructed an indoor aviary where nightingales and nearly a dozen other types of birds fly freely in a mock forest with a pond and a running stream, according to the Mainichi Shimbun, a national daily.
Its only success in European competition was winning the Cup Winners Cup in 1966.
She began on the E train in Jamaica, Queens, and went on to ride the 1, 2, 4, 5, 7, B, D, F, and N subway lines, the Staten Island Rapid Transit line and an S51 bus, all in an effort to meet as many voters as possible and to offer a populist contrast to Mr. Giuliani's 48-hour bus tour on a chartered motorcoach.
The driver was questioned by the police at the scene and no charges were filed, Dean Belsky said.
Is your patriotic blood boiling yet?
Chrysler said it still planned to buy back $2 billion in stock this year, having already bought back 14 percent of its outstanding common stock since early 1995.
''Such price discrimination is the next step,'' Mr. Williams suggested, ''and it's almost inevitable.''
We have to balance the budget, and cut taxes, cut taxes, cut revenue, cut revenue.'
Estrogen is frequently prescribed to women to head off osteoporosis, a slow thinning of the bones that begins after 40 and can lead to breaks.
He is bothered by an inflamed right big toe.
The Labor Party's drive for economic and social integration with Asia, over its 13 years in power that ended in 1996 with the election of Prime Minister John Howard, has reaped a nativist reaction.
''On the other hand, they don't want to feel they are in Siberia,'' so the computer has the option of bunching people together as long as seats separate parties.
LATER this year construction is expected to begin on a new $49.5 million high school.
Since last September's vetoes, the M.T.A.
Whenever Steinbrenner thought it was the right thing to do to change his Yankee manager, he never seemed to think it was ''too fast'' to fire one and hire another.
Almost everything about ''Heathcliff'' is faintly preposterous: from the set, which turns wild, desolate Yorkshire into a fairy grotto with a furry walkway looping round it, to John Farrar's bland music and Tim Rice's unremarkable lyrics, some of which emerged on opening night from loudspeakers yards from where overmiked performers were singing.
''Atom had to take the book apart and put the story back together in an utterly different way,'' said Mr. Banks, who has a cameo role in the movie as a doctor.
All of this raises the question of how accurate China's population statistics are.
But he added: ''The focus of our efforts has got to be on the mainstream.
Hugh Wolff, leading the City of Birmingham Symphony, delivers a bold, riveting performance on a disk that includes Mr. Kernis's tender ''Musica Celestis'' and his ''Invisible Mosaic III.''
Devoted companion of Freda Zucker.
I saw where the legendary 19th-century traveler Isabelle Eberhardt drowned in a flash flood in the desert, and visited the Sahara museum in El-Oued and its bizarre collection of creatures that scuttle, creep or squirm around Algeria's arid zones.
''Natives attacked them and killed them all,'' Mr. Fernandez told me.
David Justice, the only left-handed hitter in Cleveland's starting lineup, struck out all three times against Johnson.
''I should have kept her with me.''
These vehicles make driving more stressful for everyone who can't see around them or notices how poorly they handle.
But the overriding factor in La-Toya's success, Mr. Kesler says, is La-Toya herself, and her determination to read.
I tell 'em: 'Whoever told you basketball was a noncontact sport?
An international search firm will conduct a search for his replacement.
''There's a clear delineation between what Sun is trying to do, which is maintain its own intellectual property as the engine of its business,'' Mr. Kunstler said, ''and what pretty much everyone else is trying to do, to leverage off Intel and Microsoft.''
I want to be back in two weeks.''
Then, too, the party called for a conference of national reconciliation, suggested it was ready to renounce violence and appealed to all forces in Algeria to begin talks.
They told me what as a driver I was missing: wide trails, minor roads, remote villages, foot blisters, and a seemingly endless sampling of local foods and wines.
Mr. Deng began to equate democracy with the political turmoil of the Cultural Revolution.
'' Mr. Layton, who was the organist at Madison Square Garden at Knicks and Rangers games for 18 years until 1988 and now plays for the New York Islanders at the Nassau Coliseum, is certainly used to rousing crowds, albeit much larger ones.
Some people think that things have got out of hand, like George Lang, the New York author and restaurateur, who remarked tartly not long ago, ''I'm afraid that grappa-making has turned into glass blowing.''
It's a 10-minute stroll to the amusement park, 15 minutes to the zoo.
But now, Mr. Clymer said, there are more than 4,000 approved insurance plans offering similar benefits, enabling the state to turn the fund over to a private insurer.
Twins 11, White Sox 5 Brad Radke won his fifth straight start and cooled off baseball's hottest team as host Minnesota ended Chicago's seven-game winning streak.
More than 50,000 refugees are clustered near the town, desperate to cross the Congo River.
''Personally, since I sit around waiting for the wind to come up at so many other harbors around the world,'' Holmberg said, ''it will be nice to have sailors come here to the Virgin Islands, where we always have a breeze, and the air is 85 degrees and sunny.
supermarket will occupy a 6,500-square-foot space vacated by Gristede's in 1994.
''I'm going to teach as many people as I can about this,'' he said.
Andrew J. Lipman Executive Director, Jewish Federation of Greater Albuquerque Albuquerque, N.M.
The original fireplaces, moldings and ceiling trim remain in the upstairs rooms, which are to be used for everything from ''lecture series to string quartets to musicals,'' said Ms. Compton.
They graduated from Harvard University, she cum laude and he magna cum laude.
Franco pinched off that rally, striking out Mike Kelly for the third out.
The Greek Cypriot Government has agreed to buy surface-to-air missiles from Russia in a deal that could dramatically shift the military balance on the divided island, diplomats said today.
Twenty-five years from now, when the Islanders celebrate their second quarter century, how will they remember the players who currently wear their uniform?
To which I said silently: ''Absolutely right!
He had been president and managing partner at Conex Management, and director for Adtech, New York, both parts of Conex Marketing.
One after another, people stood and pleaded support for the litigation.
The initial research was conducted at Dr. Kilbourne's Valhalla lab, and the first phase of the human trials with the vaccine were done at the Influenza Center at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston.
The White House spokesman, Joe Lockhart, said earlier this week that Dr. Weaver had been Ms. Herman's friend long before she bought the business, and he said Ms. Herman had done nothing more than recommend Dr. Weaver's company to Commerce Department officials who were assembling the trade mission.
A few years ago, when the Holocaust museum in Washington opened, it happened that I was stopped by a man with a camera who asked me to take his picture there.
''Why don't they write it down?''
If Nina can't change, certainly everything about her can.
The fraud dates to at least December 1993, prosecutors say.
Reports of possible mergers swirled through the world of international finance at least since last year, when an approach by Credit Suisse, the No.
''When people are fired, the stock market rises: that is the logic of this capitalism,'' it says.
Among the game's elite centers, only O'Neal, with a $17.1 million annual salary, tops Ewing's new figure.
Three Christian churches -- two Protestant and one Catholic -- have been opened since 1988 in Pyongyang.
People who have seen him jogging in Central Park say Mr. Speyer seems to be having business meetings while he's running.
Mr. Takeshi's latest movie, ''Kids Return,'' is a sympathetic portrayal of two high school hoodlums who skip class, extort pocket money from their classmates and generally represent the antithesis of every value cherished by Japanese society.
In addition, a decision may be announced on what will happen at the site of the former Alexander's department store, which occupies most of the block between 58th and 59th Streets and Lexington and Third Avenues.
In many instances, he seems to be painting from memory, recalling his own work and that of others.
The UConn 2000 program will put $1 billion into infrastructure over 10 years.
The Food and Drug Administration has issued an warning on several herbal liquid products that are believed to have sickened dozens of New Year's Eve revelers here.
The Cantors didn't stop at collecting, but as the Iris and Gerald B. Cantor Foundation, they shared the wealth, giving more than 450 works to 70 institutions around the world.
The free spirits involved are played by three newcomers: Molly Gross, Marisa Ryan and Jason Bortz.
''I've learned a whole lot since then,'' he said during a telephone interview from Lexington, Ky. ''I've developed a lot mentally.
In terms of power, the most important case before the Justices now is not the claim of a constitutional right to physician-assisted suicide, profound though that is in human terms.
School officials say the curriculum is rigorous.
This is made excruciatingly difficult, because the girl's father dies in a car accident on his wedding night.
Its legal work is wide-ranging, including general trial practice, Indian and Alaskan native affairs, public land disputes and the laws of election and campaign finance.
I actually heard it was 19 at one time.
The suspect, 21-year-old Tony Harper, is part of a team that robbed two banks in Westchester County in October, according to Joseph Valiquette, a spokesman for the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
''It's such an esoteric field,'' said Cheryl Calo, NYCE's manager of marketing.
It was Starks who decided to pick himself up professionally.
Now if Congress completes action this month on a bill to streamline Amtrak, and if the railroad and about 2,500 of its maintenance workers use the 60-day cooling-off period imposed by President Clinton on Aug. 21 to settle a threatened strike, Amtrak should have a pretty good indication by this time next year whether it can actually become self-sufficient by 2002, as Congress has decreed it must.
Old, discarded typewriters and overturned chairs were placed on tables.
The performance is tonight at 7:30, not on Saturday.
The women's slalom, the second event of the two-week world championships, is the first of four slalom races to be run under floodlights, a move by ski officials meant to give the sport prime-time television coverage.
''That's all I'm going to tell you.
Still, given the current art world penchant for huge blowups of tiny ideas, the noncolossal scale is refreshing.
To the Editor: I wouldn't worry too much about Luis Felipe's solitary-confinement sentence being very solitary or confining for too long (news article, Oct. 26).
Starting with Stamford's industrial development, players are revealed through old photographs, products produced locally, machines, videos and electronics.
But he predicted that the station project would survive a Russian departure because thousands of jobs, contracts and political deals depended on it around the world.
The immediate problem is a book advance of dubious origin that Mr. Chubais foolishly accepted.
The speaker will be Prof. Mark Wilson-Jones, an architect and assistant professor at Notre Dame University who earned a master's degree in architecture at Cambridge University.
To the Editor: I feel impelled to add my own experiences in Yemen to those of Jane Geniesse (''The View From the Roof of Arabia,'' Nov. 3) and the letter to the editor from David Hollenberg (Jan. 26).
''I actually think it was John F. Kennedy who said, 'Never negotiate from fear, but never fear to negotiate.'
With a reputation for a tough negotiating style and cutting wit, Ms. Woodworth was the lightening rod for both Democratic and Republican criticism of the administration's budget policies.
After Dallas made it a game when Emmitt Smith rushed up the gut for a 21-yard touchdown, cutting the Cowboys' deficit to 24-17 early in the fourth quarter, the Packers again went to Levens.
Their graves are sites of considerable pomp.
The same amendment was narrowly defeated two years ago because some voters, skimming the fine print quickly, wrongly perceived it would impose new costs on taxpayers.
Mr. Starker has recorded all six suites several times, including twice within the last dozen years.
''We all agreed that she could walk right in and handle this job beautifully.''
Love, Meri, Stacy, Tony, Larry, Avram, Alex, Richard, Evan, Joshua, Jacob and Princess Anna
Sales of such full-size pickup trucks, for example, have nearly doubled since 1991, while sales of compact pickup trucks have fallen slightly over the period.
''I wish I could go before the Supreme Court to make the case for the right to live.''
Traders bought dollars and yen and sold marks, British pounds and French francs on the news.
$(B1.$) Politics of Nostalgia in Flushing When the lights went out at the RKO Keith's in 1986, no one could have guessed that the closing of the Flushing movie palace, whose popularity had begun to ebb in the 1970's, would give rise to one of the longest and fiercest neighborhood battles in Queens.
Jacoby's most chilling account of corporate welfarism involves your friendly neighborhood Sears store.
All of my friends exist in between those worlds.
's rules for opening their networks to new competitors.
Over the last five years, it has brought in a younger team of senior executives to work with Brian, including the executive vice president, Larry Smith, 49; the senior treasurer, John Alchin, 49, and the president of the cable division, Tom Baxter, 50.
Mira Nair's voluptuously pretty ''Kama Sutra'' follows Maya (Indira Varma), a 16th-century Indian Cosmo girl, as she learns the ways of love.
Black grew up in a home with four grass courts near Harare and is following in the sneaker prints of her older brothers Wayne and Byron, who both are professionals and have enjoyed considerable success in doubles.
Jefferson Market, 450 Avenue of the Americas (10th Street), has organic turkeys that can be ordered through Friday, $5.98 a pound, and large wild turkeys, 12 to 20 pounds, $5.98 a pound, which can be ordered by tomorrow with a $40 deposit.
25 with the idea of adding depth to their aging frontcourt.
The bride is a project assistant in the department of pediatrics at the New York University Medical Center in New York.
The entire meal should not take much more than an hour to prepare.
But he wanted to wait until the jazz had been solidly established before starting another nonclassical venture.
Fundamentalists are those who follow the words and actions of the Prophet.
China's Communist Party has intensified its battle against corruption by banning senior officials from seeking profits for themselves, their friends, families and staff, The People's Daily said today.
Army prosecutors say that General Gutierrez's driver phoned military authorities on Feb. 6, offering to inform on his boss.
Meat and fowl dishes seem to be this chef's strong suit.
Where to Eat Any visitor to Glasgow should visit the Ubiquitous Chip, and not just for its name (residents call it the U B Chip).
(AP) CAVALIERS 96, CELTICS 87: Chris Mills scored 24 points as Cleveland pulled away from host Boston.
I am drafting legislation that will address these problems by repairing the F.E.C.
What many of his former players will find will disorient them.
The report, which is to be published on Thursday, is said to be hard-hitting, and comes at a time when the Administration is trying to persuade China to make a gesture on human rights.
Each tissue has its own sets of blood-flow requirements.
In Ms. Pollet's simplified scenario, the local community board, which has 60 days to review the project, holds a public hearing and votes against Dynamic's application, citing concerns that increased traffic will endanger Little Leaguers who play in the church schoolyard.
What about any number of underground printing enterprises begun by people with no contact with him or the Vatican?
The rest of us had busiati al pesto trapanese, a sort of homemade fusilli pasta with a fragrant uncooked sauce of fresh tomato and basil, again with almonds.
At the afternoon workout, Jones and Farrior had an animated conversation.
At the time of his death from a stroke at age 65, Mr. Sun was a pauper, cut off from any pension for the years he lectured in Beijing University's philosophy department, or from his combat service during the civil war that brought the Communists to power in 1949 or from his years as a medic in the Korean War.
Stephen Jones, Mr. McVeigh's lead lawyer, began the defense case by calling Frederick Jordan, Oklahoma's medical examiner.
Nine children's choruses were assembled for the concert by Thomas Crawford, music director and founder of the 17-year-old Fairfield Orchestra.
Asked in a telephone interview on Thursday if she was worried that the board would replace her, she said she was not.
They are shaped like birthday cakes, rocket ships or illustrations from geometry textbooks.
2, and while David Frost was hitting from the right rocks, there's a guy there cutting tile,'' Jones said.
When pushed to reveal what disagreements had existed among policy makers about negotiating with Washington, he said quietly, ''There were discussions, but we are not permitted to publicize them.''
This management transformation signals an end to the brash style of Richard L. Scott, who co-founded Columbia and provided its hard-driving vision.
Pacers 99, Pistons 87 Rik Smits scored 12 of his 25 points in the fourth quarter to lead Indiana to a victory over Detroit in Auburn Hills, Mich. Smits helped Indiana overcome 29 points, 8 assists and 8 rebounds by Grant Hill.
A strong influence on her work came from a 1992 trip to Japan, where she had organized ''Dream Singers, Storytellers: An Afro-American Presence,'' a traveling exhibition of work by black American artists.
Of course, yesterday was a semiholiday, with most banks and the Treasury bond market closed in observance of the Rev.
Hung on the wall are a couple of crude paintings depicting pastoral scenes similar to those in the catalogue.
Nassau County residents pay what critics say is among the heaviest local tax burdens in the nation, and as the current campaign for county executive enters its finale, taxes loom as the paramount issue.
But they provided compelling eyewitness accounts that Laurent Kabila's rebel forces have attacked defenseless refugees in their sweep across Zaire, confirming the suspicions of aid workers and United Nations officials.
He depicts his mistress, Deirdre (who is supposed to be some sort of reincarnation of the deer he lusts after), as a foul-smelling whore who spouts feminist claptrap.
Dr. John Marler, a neurologist at the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, said: ''There's been a lot of excitement in the field.
She says her visits to the room on the second floor, where condoms are kept locked in a file cabinet, give her a powerful weapon she can pass along to help a former schoolmate avoid AIDS.
I want to just show them they made a big mistake.''
Bill sits at a piano and plays to keep warm.
Jefferson designed his mountain home, Mr. Ellis says, ''to make slavery almost invisible.''
His father, who retired as a senior vice president of investment banking at Goldman, Sachs & Company in New York, was a commissioner of revenue services for the State of Connecticut from 1994 to 1995.
''All these stories are not convincing.
Their home improvement is accomplished by their own hands, as when they sheeted in the walls of their tents with plywood.
Cherished grandmother of Amanda and Michelle Cohen and Gregory and Marisa Danto.
The hour, with its letters home to mother and episodes of driving a train engine and bike breakdowns, sometimes seems aimed at teen-agers, but Ms. Muller's curiosity and daring should carry even the seasoned armchair traveler pleasantly along.
Lawyers for General Gutierrez Rebollo said the authorities were making the attack look like an assassination attempt only to bolster their case.
Gooden was bruised for four runs in five and two-thirds innings, and he left the clubhouse soon after the game ended.
A videotape made by a WABC-TV News staff member showed the Chief of Department, Louis R. Anemone, rushing about amid the turmoil, appealing to demonstrators for calm and urging his officers to use restraint.
This glittery bilevel expanse of gold columns, gold dragons and serpents clinging to red felt walls offers pleasing Hong Kong-style Chinese food.
The President has allowed commissioners to stay past the expiration of their terms and has not appointed new members who would be inclined to seek the changes that he has proposed.
Most players performed well, especially Richter and Avalanche goalie Patrick Roy.
It is with profound sorrow that we mark the passing of our beloved friend, Mr. George Shrut.
They they have got everything they have asked for.''
The Bennett companies paid to build the Comfort Suites hotel, which opened in 1994 and was the first hotel to feature betting not just in the lobby but in the rooms as well, Mr. White said.
In addition, a bill sponsored by Representative Philip M. Crane, an Illinois Republican, and Representative Charles B. Rangel, a Manhattan Democrat, would grant further tariff reductions on additional products for countries that are liberalizing their economies.
In reality, Mr. Schlachet had been aching to rip into the building.
The Jets barely needed an offense, building a lead behind Smith's two scores and Johnson's kickoff return for a touchdown.
Less successful was a version of a Tartini Trumpet Concerto, with John Wallace as the soloist and Edward Carroll conducting.
You have promised yourself that this would be a year of glam hips and sparkling arteries.
OPENING the doors of No.
Gilkey astounded teammates in 1996 with his run production.
Mr. Nichols is charged with murder and conspiracy in the bombing, which killed 168 people.
In a somber yet passionate Easter message assailing human discord, Pope John Paul II prayed today that the world might find the ''courage of forgiveness and reconciliation'' to uphold the dignity of the human person.
For the first time in 14 years, as part of his research, he was able to set fire to virgin rain forest, he said.
GLASSMAN-David W. November 29, 1997.
But as soon as something different comes along, those people will move on.''
But he does not say whether he means in Sinn Fein or in the I.R.A.
Now winter is coming, and this region, also a popular ski resort, typically gets buried under many feet of snow that usually set off more avalanches down the cliffs.
Most notably, NBC's decision to move the hit comedy ''Third Rock from the Sun'' from Sunday to Wednesday in order to build a whole new comedy block on that night seems to have left both nights in shambles and ''Third Rock,'' once the new comedy of highest expectations, drastically diminished.
Mrs. Osmanski is a general manager for a cellular phone company.
Beyond the tax issues, Mr. Gulotta's underlying fiscal policies have been criticized by the nonprofit Nassau Citizens Budget Committee; State Comptroller H. Carl McCall, a Democrat, and County Comptroller Frederick Parola, a Republican.
''I'm often disappointed with politicians.
With Edna's help, the lovers escape, marry and have a son.
Critics of this approach say it relies on three flawed assumptions.
Performances at the Hutensky Theater, 233 Pearl Street, are scheduled on Wednesday through Saturday at 8 P.M., Sunday at 2:30.
''She was telling me that when she took the audition she was disappointed because she had wanted to do the Henry James-type roles, because that's what she had trained for,'' Mr. Durang says.
Women dickered good naturedly over prices of whole, fresh fish sprawled on chunks of ice; men pushed shopping carts; children sucked on brands of candy not generally found in the average American store.
Some Manhattan theater owners had also lobbied against the New Jersey bill.
1-ranked Connecticut beat Miami, 69-51, tonight, extending its two-year, regular-season winning streak to 26 games.
Middleton has been slowed by injuries of his own, but both players will soon be ready should they be needed.
''But what this was doing was considering Kasparov's counter-play.''
Speaking to Mrs. Harlow, Dr. Mayo and Dr. Villamena, Mrs. Siff said she felt comforted by the hospital staff's compassion.
He also published translations of Turgenev's ''First Love'' and ''A Month in the Country.''
Mandela will give a speech on Friday; each city makes a final, 45-minute presentation to I.O.C.
Alan Greenspan, the Fed chairman, warned last week of a need for higher rates unless the economy slowed, but it was unclear whether he was expecting immediate confirmation of a slowdown or was prepared to wait for more solid evidence of the longer-term trend.
Bell Atlantic said it would raise $2.6 billion (United States) by selling notes maturing in five-to-seven years which will be exchangeable for Telecom shares.
Gambro would have $2 billion in combined sales after the acquisition.
Also in ''Irma Vep,'' delivering satire that can be less than sharp, are a new auteur even more self-important than Vidal; Arsinee Khanjian in a notably gratuitous nude scene, and Bulle Ogier as a friend who plays a terse Cupid when Zoe admits to a crush on Ms. Cheung.
UCI executives threw up their hands and opened negotiations to lease the medical center to a for-profit hospital chain.
It's patience,'' Mrs. Layman said.
Other energy prices also fell.
Both rely largely on raunch, bad taste, relationships, religion, everyday life and, above all, pain as source material for yucks and hardee-hars.
''This is my club,'' said Wendell Grant, 45, who drives a cement truck.
''If he makes riots in the city, are you going to put a stop to them?''
Even the more high-powered group from both the Kirov and the Bolshoi that is to perform, under different auspices, on Nov. 17 at the New York State Theater in tribute to Serge Diaghilev has plenty of old chestnuts.
''Women's tennis is at such a critical juncture that it will take someone at least of the savvy of Mark Miles to grow the tour,'' said Fornaciari, referring to the c.e.o.
Despite overwhelming popular demand for curbing the flow of corporate and special-interest money into the political system, and the troubling disclosures about abuses by Democrats and Republicans, the politicians who have profited from the current system were never likely to embrace change.
And for just $37 more each month (after an initial $995 ''capital cost reduction''), the factory will be happy to add leather, dual air-conditioning controls and a compact disk changer.
Because the field includes so many kinds of products, many made by small private companies, precise sales figures for shower paraphernalia are not available.
There was another run when he eluded a tackler with the sort of nifty footwork you wouldn't expect from someone who weighs 262 pounds.
Now kids have sex as a form of political protest.''
Mark Hatfield, the head spokesman for the Port Authority, said the agency was confident that its differences with the city over the rail plan could be worked out at the negotiation table.
AT the beginning of the decade, before the rest of the country realized just how thoroughly disgusted it was with politics as usual, voters in New Jersey were way ahead of the curve.
''The core profitability of the operations was strong in a hostile environment,'' said Scott F. Merlis, an independent auto analyst in Westport, Conn. G.M.
Beloved cousin of Marie Strouse, Rita McGuire and John Hughes.
Good Yardage, Poor Strategy The 388 passing yards by Arizona's Jake Plummer was the most against the Giants since Jay Schroeder of the Redskins passed for 420 yards on Oct. 27, 1986.
The tables are wobbling with atheistic small talk.
His resting place is a 20-foot by 30-foot granite unit, which he shares with his stepson.
But what about the nation's need for laughs?
And you feel comfortable, then, in an Islamic world?
Mr. Cheung shook his head.
JEFF BRANSON pinch-hit for DAVID JUSTICE as the designated hitter in the eighth inning on Thursday because Justice strained his left shoulder diving into second base in the first.
But most have certain common features.
So, with polls showing the opposition Socialists and Communists steadily edging up on the Government, Mr. Chirac, who as President is supposed to remain mostly above the fray, decided that he needed to take matters into his own hands again, with a statement -- contents not yet revealed -- to be published Wednesday in regional newspapers.
Because it doesn't conform to the Chianti formula, it can only be rated a table wine -- vino da tavola.
Interment to follow at Gate of Heaven Cemetery in Valhalla, New York.
The seed giant Pioneer Hi-Bred International Inc. said yesterday that it had bought back 16.4 million shares, or about 20 percent of its stock, for $92.50 each.
''I provide them with due diligence, or research, in the political environment.
Royal Troon is one of eight courses on the regular British Open rotation.
Some of the art comes from the gallery's permanent collection.
Mr. Ivanov and Mr. Tikhomirov hope that the arrival of the first computer with the Robcad software and the pilot project at Chernobyl will help to convince others of the need to use such tools before any robots are sent into the heart of the sarcophagus to do the cleanup.
For generations, that practice has put children through college or raised money for other needs.
The film also stars Samuel L. Jackson, Robert De Niro and Robert Forster, who is best known, if he is known at all, for playing Banyon on the NBC show of that name during the 70's.
AN airline ticket makes a welcome gift and a cost-free one at that if financed by frequent flier miles.
Sure, a lot of companies have reaped terrific profits from the hard-as-rock plastics that have steadily replaced metals in computer housings and automotive parts, or from the multi-use plastic fibers that have shown up in clothing and carpets.
Complaints from commercial competitors that E.T.S.
Mr. McGettigan said a growing animosity by Mr. du Pont toward the wrestler motivated the Jan. 26, 1996, killing.
Always was, always will be and -- all the rage or not -- it's always with us in some measure, this yearning that time and memory effect.
To the Editor: Alan Riding's article ''Breathing Life Into Beleaguered European Theater'' $(Jan. 12$) reminded me of an experience I had while in Paris in November.
I'll go out tomorrow and play one shot at a time and hope I have a better start.''
Accurate totals are not kept, but anecdotal evidence indicates that the North Fork, with its wineries as the big draw, has seen a dramatic increase in tourism over the last five years.
He was elected to the advertising agency's executive committee, served as its chairman and in 1976 was named vice chairman of the company.
In the 1880's and 1890's, anti-telephone wiretapping laws quickly followed as the brand new voice communication technology reached the mass market.
Mr. Becker calculated that the tactic would stall every project one to six months.
AT&T split off Lucent Technologies in March and ended the year by spinning off NCR on Tuesday.
''When business picks up, big businesses would want to come in and the landlords will jack up the rent,'' Mr. Spiegel said.
Two years ago, residents of the community suggested that the clinic be moved to Wards Island.
This film is not rated.
So did Kerry Kittles (25 points), Michael Cage (7 rebounds) and David Benoit.
He and relatives built the shop's fixtures, including three large humidor display cases.
LOST MAN'S RIVER, by Peter Matthiessen.
And he said, 'It's right there,' '' Mr. Bernstein recalled.
DuPont gained 25 cents, to $69.
1 draft choice out of Southern California in 1996, wrote a book that suggested in one passage that Chrebet was nothing more than the team mascot.
CHALLENGERS J. Martin Comey, Democrat, 63, of Glen Ridge; retired vice president and treasurer of Schering-Plough Corporation.
For Ruth, our beloved friend.
As for the incident, she added, ''It's really not talked about anymore.''
There were people around but no crowd or anything like that.
But Mr. Mosbacher did some calculations and removed what he considered to be excess weight, from a two-pound wind gauge that had perched atop the 90-foot mast to the previous skipper's pipe rack.
Fred J. McConnell died at age 27 in October 1945.
If the conventions do not apply in Bosnia, ''we are cutting back on the potential of other states to prosecute,'' a senior court official said.
Kibbe Conti, the hospital's nutritionist, said that for these Northern Plains Indians, who have a genetic predisposition for diabetes, ''pop is poison.''
I consistently rode with Bud, an Indian who not only taught us to recognize the various trees, but also regaled us with Indian folk tales.
When an earlier version, directed by Robert Young (''Splitting Heirs''), was tested a year ago, the response was that the film was funny but that the end was wrong.
$(D2.$) The Mini-Van's Popularity Erodes Soccer moms and baseball dads are rebelling against their mini-vans, and after more than a decade of rising sales, mini-van sales are falling.
And the Cirque Eloize is visiting the Shubert Performing Arts Center in New Haven at 7 P.M. Saturday and 2 o'clock next Sunday.
Then, in a soft voice, he added, ''I would just like a simple stone on which is written, 'Mandela.'
Which means no chintz, no antiques with stellar provenance, no robber-baron grandeur.
Obligation for annual payments responsibility only of entities selling into domestic market.
''Many of these buildings date from the 50's, 60's and 70's and were designed to last for 30 years.
My lifelong unconditional friend is gone.
We are building enclaves of super-privilege.
And years ago, Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Company was simplified to Smith Barney.
He smote the strong and daring Titans with thunderbolts; and their final abiding place was in some limbo beneath the lowest depths of the Tartarus, a sunless abyss below Hades.''
But the value of the South African rand fell 25 percent, though it recovered some of that loss in the opening months of 1997.
Its shares closed yesterday at $15.4375, up 18.75 cents.
''I think,'' he added, ''if you put people very much at ease and feed them well, they get connected with one another.''
Instead, Mayor Schundler has been busy arranging what he called ''a demonstration in support of religious liberty'' to be held this week.
Some of the paintings are superficially sweet, with rows of Vivian Girls in matching Shirley Temple dresses attended by fairylike creatures with rams' horns and butterfly wings.
And while the event itself will be a pageant in the truest sense, with the contestants performing for a panel of judges, the organizers prefer to call it an education.
''Police shootings are relatively rare, so any study would be statistically insignificant,'' said James Fyfe, a professor of criminal justice at Temple University in Philadelphia.
It would be hard to live in Massachusetts and not know.
Cells in the chicken were removed and replaced with corresponding quail brain cells.
Assemblywoman Melinda R. Katz of Queens said that before the trip she viewed Kodak as ''this huge, impersonal company.''
Since graduating from New York University Film School in 1976, he has been immersed in the Off Hollywood film scene as, among other things, repertory exhibitor for the Bleecker Street Cinema and festival director for American Mavericks.
I think for a moment that she will be hurt or shy, but without missing a beat she immediately helps us spell for her.
In a ceremony in a rundown south London housing project, Mr. Blair announced the creation of the Social Exclusion Unit, a new high-level coordinating body aimed at focusing Government efforts on the poorest members of society and forestalling the growth of a permanent underclass.
He is also almost finished with a third album of his own, although he has not yet decided which name to market it under: Mark Wahlberg or Marky Mark.
There's no interest in anything other than self.''
As such, it is both a case study for any company that is tempted to blame external forces for its problems and a primer on how to stretch a lean marketing budget far enough to restore the gloss to a dimming brand.
Cherished sister, always caring, giving and loving.
I think he got two hits.
But Judith Stribling, an assistant professor of biology at Salisbury State University and a leader of Friends of the Nanticoke, another river where sick fish have been reported but not confirmed by state authorities, says agricultural runoff is a prime suspect.
Purchased the contract of C Joe Oliver from Indianapolis.
On another occasion, she contended in effect that women's place was in the home, ''allowing men to do what they are better suited to do.''
When she asked the people what they were waiting for, they told her: ''Food.''
Ordway, ranked among the leaders with Boston Harbor, ran eighth and last in the Hutcheson Stakes three weeks ago and then suffered stress bleeding a few days later and skipped the Fountain of Youth.
She would like to make more improvements on the building.
Neither the screenplay (by Nick Villiers and Alison Cross) nor Ms. Lopez's performance provides a clue to a character whose blank passivity makes her unconvincing as a catalyst for mayhem.
We don't want people to get drunk and lose the sense of nuance.
PAVLIDE - Christopher and Hetty.
Within the last month, the historian Howard Jones, a specialist in the Amistad mutiny who served as a consultant to the film, said that Mr. Spielberg viewed the slave trade ''as the black Holocaust.''
Earlier this year, Kirstin became the world junior champion.
He was banged up, he had suffered many concussions during his career and the football world wondered why the three-time Super Bowl winner and certain future Hall of Famer appeared to be winning football games without having much fun.
Neither side reported significant progress, but each said it had emerged with a clearer understanding of the other's positions.
One of the most feared Protestant guerrilla leaders in Northern Ireland was shot and killed today inside a top-security prison by fellow inmates belonging to an I.R.A.
These days, you needn't venture to the Whitney or a New York club to witness the return of scratching.
Last year, overtime totaled $73 million, or almost 10 percent of the department's $750 million budget.
Even Cicero, who considered trade vulgar, was not above buying an artisan's goods.
As late as yesterday, the Police Department, which has been reluctant to disclose information about this case, refused to confirm the four arrests.
''If not a zenith, this is clearly a high point in Stamford's influence in the state,'' Mr. Malloy said.
The city Comptroller then has 30 days to review the contract.
Another farmer working in his field was shot at by armed Croatian neighbors last week.
Memorial gifts may be made to the Emma Willard School, 285 Pawling Ave., Troy, NY 12180.
''He's a sweet little guy.''
A Grossbart/Barnett production in association with ABC Pictures for Lifetime Television.
1 spot for fender benders and other accidents, according to a survey by the Traffic Engineering and Safety Group of the State Department of Transportation.
This city's police force almost trapped the bear in woods between the psychiatric hospital run by New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center and the Burke Rehabilitation Center, but it slipped away and loped to the golf course a half-mile away.
''When her stories kept falling apart, the patrol officers asked her, 'O.K., where's the baby?'
Nationally, the caseload dropped 20 percent during those four years, the Federal Department of Health and Human Services reported.
The public pressure on budgets comes even as more Americans see college as a necessity and a right.
To make sure the child would always stay in their family, Mrs. Soniea sent Wardell out west with her daughter and her son-in-law, Bertha and James Louis, another black man.
''The viewer can see all that hard work we put in without seeing the aggressive side of competition.
It, too, has varied tips for tuning and tricks for surfing with your favorite browser.
''I hope to do very well in the swimsuit competition.''
Court officials said the court accepted prosecutors' recommendation on the size of the fine.
''Anybody who has been through their plant knows it's just as clean and well run as any place can be,'' said Dick James, who was broiling cheeseburgers at Dickie Doodles, his convenience store near the plant.
yea yea nay nay nay yea 5.
''In Chico's case, he was not only a good fighter, but someone with outstanding character and a very caring individual.
It is still last, but not as weak.
At a cost officially estimated at $25 billion, and likely to climb far higher, the dam will create a lake 350 miles long, forcing 1.2 million people to leave their homes and generating 18,200 megawatts of electricity, equivalent to what 50 million tons of coal could produce a year.
The ninth-grade prep academy is doing well, she tells them.
William Blair & Co. Republic Industries, Fort Lauderdale, Fla., 8.7 million shares.
Mr. Ismoil said he thought he was being asked to deliver a shipment of shampoo.
Excluding that item, earnings were up 18 percent -- largely a result of sharply higher profit from refining, which more than doubled.
THOSE women who are enrolled in Home Care's training program when they are called into WEP face a difficult decision.
The cause of death was complications after surgery, the company said.
A Chinese general, Han Hsin, was said to have used one during a military campaign in 200 B.C.
Stephen M. Case, the chief executive of America Online, saw his paper wealth from options alone grow by $79.5 million, Mr.
Grabbed the gun from the officer's holster without the officer even realizing it.
I don't think anybody is going to say that.''
(AP) SOCCER Hamm Leads U.S. Women Past Canada Three goals by Mia Hamm fueled a second-half surge that carried the United States to a 4-0 victory over Canada in the opener of the U.S. Women's Cup 1997 in New Britain, Conn., yesterday.
Meanwhile, it is Dior that is in the news, with the appointment of John Galliano as the house's new designer, the celebration of its 50th anniversary, the Dior retrospective currently on view at the Metropolitan Museum of Art and, at the movies, Madonna in the role of Eva Peron, dressed in Dior.
Theirs is the familiar barrier beach tale of hope against hope, trust that shoreline engineering can fool Mother Nature, reliance on the great faucet of Government disaster aid and cheap storm insurance and, ultimately, denial of the obvious -- that is, that all up and down the Atlantic Coast, the sea, aided by storms and hurricanes, is slowly but inexorably rolling up and over beaches.
But the Mayor's record does give him standing to lead a national drive to get Congress to modify its plan.
Hong Kong does have an ace in the hole.
''The only problem with being out for that week, I kind of lost a feel and a groove, conditioning; my timing is off.
The Mayor said robbery dropped 17.5 percent in 1996 from the previous year, assault was down 14 percent, burglary was down 18.3 percent, grand larceny was down 10.5 percent, auto theft was down 17.4 percent and rape was down 4.4 percent.
''Politics gives you opportunities,'' he said.
GERRY ADAMS, the political leader of the Irish Republican Army, is a hero to many Roman Catholics and a demon to many Protestants in the Protestant-dominated British province of Northern Ireland.
Mr. Sinclair's lawyer, Albert A. Mitchell, said his client suffered bruises to both shoulders, the side of his face and the back of his head, and may have nerve damage in his left hand.
9:08 -- Inmate $(Ruiz$) sitting on bunk talking and holding the hand of his adviser $(through the cell's mail slot$).
A vast majority of drivers with a 0.08 blood-alcohol concentration are ''substantially impaired'' and have trouble steering, changing lanes and using their brakes, said Phil Frame, a spokesman for the Federal agency.
Five minutes later, he drops an intimate detail, then checks your eye to see what you are making of it.
Citing its economic projections, the Administration held out the prospect of balanced budgets until the year 2020.
''But when you probe how students are grouped for instruction and what kinds of programs some students have available to them and others do not, you find the phenomenon of dividing students according to judgments about their academic potential alive and well.''
No matter how finely honed, those legal opinions can scarcely begin to explore the profound moral, philosophical and religious questions about assisted suicide that will continue to haunt the gravely ill and the dying, their families, the health care professions, legislators, religious leaders and just about anyone else who recognizes how much impact this issue will have in defining the nature of American society.
''It's so simple and common-sensical that I don't know why anyone hasn't thought of this before.''
Adams By contrast, Adams (Brent Spiner) had no luck controlling his image and hardly any controlling his famous temper.
Billings were estimated at $8 million to $10 million.
Employees' insurance claims are paid directly from a pool of money collected from the public and private organizations enrolled.
Last week, the United States was seeking to reject any negotiation with Iraq but France and Russia, in particular, were trying to find a less confrontational way to deal with Mr. Hussein.
To point up the sweetness and add contrasting color, a few spicy home-preserved damson plums were served on the side.
But you might hope that the special would be as lively and as much fun as its quasi-irreverent title promises.
They dynamited and hauled away hundreds of tons of granite boulders, then spent four years building the terraces.
''They were feeling ridiculous,'' Mr. Profumo said of his patients.
Household workers seeking justice took unauthorized work breaks, feigned illness, ''pan-toted'' (appropriated) leftovers from employers' kitchens to compensate for meager wages and, using their ultimate weapon as free laborers, quit in order to gain respite from jobs that required seven days of seemingly endless labor each week.
So it went to the Energy Department's Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque, N.M., for help.
But he watched it hang in the air as Plummer waited underneath.
For two artists who are maturing together, the relationship is possibly a shared mixture of give and take.
Nine people were arrested on charges of vandalizing parked cars, drinking in public and blocking traffic.
Jeff Friesen of San Jose tied the score at 4-4 in the final minute of regulation while on the power play.
The clumsiness measured in illegal foreign contributions or invitations to arms merchants or penny-stock smugglers may be the equivalent of the problems any company may face in a sudden expansion.
Grandfather of Kim, Alan and William.
The exhibition focuses on 12 of Blake's illuminated books, seen in their entirety for the first time.
Under French law, a defendant tried in absentia has the automatic right to a retrial once he has been arrested.
''I wanted to make sure he felt fine and review how we were going to pitch Hayes,'' Garner said.
The movie that defined this sleazy late-90's vision of Los Angeles was Michael Mann's ''Heat.''
One person claimed to have seen Mr. Vigoda in a Nordstrom's store in Escondido, Calif. Another fired back: ''You need glasses.
The intransigence shown by both Israeli and Palestinian leaders suggests that Mr. Ross and his delegation will face a daunting task as they begin shuttling between the two sides and among other Arab leaders in search of common ground.
Jones questions Kinsey's motives for studying sexuality.
Ms. Young said she got a kick out of his life style.
The first European explorers found dazzling civilizations in the highlands of Mexico and Peru and only simple hunter-gatherers in the rain forests of Amazonia.
The memorial will be well tended.
Stephanie Winslow Schaaf, a daughter of Mary V. Kearns of Ridgewood, N.J., and Bradford Schaaf of Chatham, Mass., was married Friday to David Robert Balsley, the son of the Rev.
The airline tried unsuccessfully to undo the willful misconduct verdict.
The President asserted that no matter how much money a White House visitor contributes, all he gets is an attentive ear and a cup of coffee.
Volunteers in the effort played down their own roles.
It appeared to establish the Governor as the main bargainer in negotiations with the Assembly Speaker, Sheldon Silver, who has called for continuing the laws unchanged, while shifting the spotlight away from the Republican Senate majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno, the leading proponent of abolishing the laws altogether.
He also gave television viewers their first looks at Agnes de Mille, Leopold Stokowski, Peter Ustinov (as Dr. Samuel Johnson), Mike Nichols and Elaine May, Pablo Casals, Artur Rubinstein, Marian Anderson, Isaac Stern, Yehudi Menuhin, Igor Stravinsky, Glenn Gould, Danny Kaye, Yo-Yo Ma and Dr. Seuss.
It was John Beverage of Essex, an architect professionally and a classic car hobbyist for 35 years, who approached the Connecticut Council of Car Clubs to co-sponsor the event.
The fee for each two-week session is $500.
Today the covers are different, suggestive less of one specific outrage than of a more general commemoration of the fragility of human decencies and the need to remember the past in order to erect safeguards in the future.
Too often, this issue is relegated to the misty premises of the argument rather than laid down as its foundation.
The audit also found that the agency allowed dozens of subcontractors to work on projects months before they secured the agency's approval.
The Jets lead the league in fourth-down attempts and successes, converting 9 of 11, and each one of them today kept alive drives that led to scores.
''What the hell is Vietnam worth to me?''
One of the most common practices was easily observed on a recent shopping excursion in Times Square, where several stores had marked such items as camera batteries and compact disk players with tags indicating a ''manufacturer's suggested price'' or ''suggested retail price'' far above what the manufacturers had published as their suggested prices.
In the past, he promised victory in a playoff game against the Devils and urged the team's front office to hire more rugged players to protect the Rangers, one of whom is his close friend Wayne Gretzky.
The plan's undoing, Mr. Hacker contends, lay not in the Administration's poor salesmanship.
''They want to prevent the rise of competitors.
that levies surcharges typically pays some $2.50 in fees, including the foreign-use charge.
Officials in Scottsdale, Ariz., are creating laminated seat cards that will give tips on good manners to those attending city meetings.
-------------------- Sihanouk Withholds Approval BEIJING, July 28 (Reuters) -- King Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia said today that he would not recognize the appointment of Foreign Minister Ung Huot as First Prime Minister, saying the position belonged to the King's son, Prince Ranariddh, who was ousted this month.
We miss and love you since you passed away too soon.
At the board meeting on Monday, the trustees asked the Chancellor to report to them by Aug. 1 on whether the community colleges have been requiring the university writing test for graduation, and if not, what requirements they have imposed.
If he hasn't built a convincing bridge between these extremes, he and his ensemble almost always hold the attention.
The fights over patent rights included a confrontation between Bell and Thomas Edison.
65 bus when she noticed a ''For Sale'' sign on the house.
On Monday, officials flew over the northern herd and counted 725 more bison that appear to be headed north out of the park.
Instead, he said the signatures of the leaders of the 16 countries would be sufficient.
The first, written for the premiere of the opera in Venice in 1813, was happy; the second, written three months later for a performance in Ferrara, was tragic.
He has mixed feelings about the job.
Gene Sperling, the chief economic adviser at the White House, said that the worker assistance package would involve ''policies we will say we will commit to put in the budget and fight for,'' but that the aid would not be attached to the trade bill.
SYRACUSE 82, TEXAS CHRISTIAN 78 Todd Burgan scored 17 of his 23 points in the last 13 minutes, carrying No.
Entrees are sliced, sauced and served at your table, and each time you lift your head someone comes running to see what you want.
Well, the trick here, ladies and gents, is to stay entertained.
The young, clean-cut crowd moshed happily and sang along with the hits that made the Offspring's 1994 album, ''Smash'' (Epitaph), a multimillion-seller -- particularly ''Self Esteem,'' about a guy whose girlfriend is only using him.
First you'll hear the catchy ''Beaver'' theme song that used to usher the sitcom characters from the front step of their neo-colonial dream house directly into living rooms across America.
And who, exactly, is Dario de Regoyos Valdes?
The fall and winter menu is loaded with cool-weather specialties, including a game terrine; fresh sea scallops bathed in beurre blanc; young roast partridge (perdreau); a pheasant stew (salmis), and medallions of venison (chevreuil) in a sauce poivrade.
Dumb or not, Wells would not have been in position -- in the batter's box -- to express his views to Bonin in the second inning Saturday night if inter league rules did not require pitchers to bat in games played in National League parks.
The prosperous purveyors of Fleischmann's yeast, they retreated every summer to Niagara-on-the-Lake for the lake breezes, the golf course across the street and the relaxed pleasures of the town -- which, as Newark, was the capital of Upper Canada near the end of the 18th century.
In Ms. Moore, designers have a celebrity who came an hour late to the Gucci presentation, which started the minute she hit her seat (although Tom Ford, the house's designer, said he had insisted the show not be held).
Then I saw 'Babe,' and although the mouth morphing was not perfect, it showed me what the potential could be.''
The Sabres hope to have him back in about a month, in time for the second round of the playoffs.
These are excellent hearing aids for people who have mild hearing loss.
Feeble, aged and practically blind, she is nonetheless a foot soldier in this country's most profitable illegal enterprise.
''I wanted to drink,'' said Mr.
Alexander J. Arcadia, of Douglassville, Pa., and Theresa P. North, of Burlington, N.J., have patented a gravestone illuminated by a battery-powered lamp.
If you normally make a hundred bucks and buy a machine to build your business, now you've got to put that into a pension fund.''
A prime example of this is ''America a Prophecy'' etched in 1793 but not printed until 1807.
He faked to his left, then went back to his forehand to beat the sprawling goalie from close range.
Parrying almost daily attacks from Washington belittling their record on drugs, senior Mexican officials are complaining to the Clinton Administration and Congress that the United States needs to do more to stem the deluge of illegal weapons crossing the United States border into Mexico.
Support for the convention also united Mr. Pataki and his predecessor, Mario M. Cuomo, each of whom has spoken of curbing the powers of the Legislature, and Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, who wants the state's power over city affairs loosened.
''They had an ocean of money, and where it comes from and where it goes doesn't have to be disclosed.
''Maryam moved out; they weren't talking; it was over.
A dispute broke out at one of the stations in the Corona section of Queens.
Tunisian police officials said that ''the assassination of Abu Jihad was led by professional and daring assassins, who had excellent information sources, and who had prepared and planned the complex action carefully.''
The more conspicuous theme has to do with powerlessness, or, more accurately, the limits on any Cabinet member's power to effect change, hemmed in as each is by Congress, public opinion and struggles for power within the Cabinet itself.
Mr. Arkin said ''Power Plays,'' which he will direct, began when he bought his wife a computer script writing program.
''The group is a really good resource,'' said Deborah Dane, of Branford, who cares for her son's four children, who range in age from 2 1/2 to 7.
''It's a good quarter, much better than the Street expected,'' said Arthur Soter, an analyst at Morgan Stanley, Dean Witter.
But he was eventually vanquished by the overwhelming might of Microsoft and the underwhelming support of his own board of directors.
The Army discharged both Mr. Wright and Mr. Burmeister last summer.
''We're pleased at having them interview the complainant and not be prepared to issue a charge,'' Glynn said.
SEPT. 22 -- The defense and prosecution rest.
Something, of course, has to give, and ''something'' is the level of benefits guaranteed to future retirees.
But in 1986, when Dr. Mark Bogart found a relationship in tests of pregnant women between levels of a frequently checked hormone and the incidence of a congenital birth defect, he rushed first to the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
''It was the classic strategic imperative,'' he said.
It was the second time in recent weeks that Mr. Buckley was arrested on charges of assaulting his wife.
''She ran up to me,'' Ms. Temple, now a detective, said.
''I think they embraced me from the start,'' he said.
''If I have a child, I have to give up my work.''
An accordion file held receipts from the Frank E. Campbell funeral home, marking the deaths of Fred (1960), John (1970), her mother (1971), Wilson (1975) and Caroline (1976).
Pagnozzi flew around the bases, probably as stunned as the Mets.
Also we're on the road with Garth Brooks, so we'll be feeding material in from there.''
But when the Court heard arguments on the case last week, the questioning by the Justices suggested that they might be inclined to duck the merits of the case by dismissing it on specious procedural and jurisdictional grounds.
BIGGEST PAST JACKPOTS Jackpot No.
The equal-time provisions do not apply until 60 days before a general election, and do not apply at all to broadcasts labeled satire.
''The Flag in American Indian Art.''
While Ms. Messinger needs the backing of Mr. Sharpton's supporters, she has faced questions from Jewish voters about her ties to him.
In the last few years, though, mathematicians have come to believe that the general problem of predicting how any given sequence of amino acids will fold is intractable, the kind of problem they call ''nondeterministic polynomial complete.''
Tickets: From $11 to $110.
Many people here believe that these nuns were the models for William E. Barrett's novel ''Lilies of the Field,'' a tale of nuns from abroad making their way in the West in the 1930's.
''You'll never see it again,'' Sen. Alfonse M. D'Amato warned.
And 2) How high will the Rangers finish in the draft lottery for teams that don't qualify?
He said he came to Canada because he feared that as a member of the Shiite minority and an avowed opponent of the Saudi regime, he was likley to be pursued by the Saudi Government in connection with the bombing.
Shares of Den America rose 43.75 cents, to $3.0625.
In other cases, populations of a species were found in many counties outside hot spots.
In her world, you never can tell when the next smart-alecky domesticated animal will become a household name.
The Islanders, who play the Bruins again Saturday afternoon at Nassau Coliseum, still might get there.
No one wanted to hear more.
ROONEY-Brian L. The Society of the Friendly Sons of St. Patrick in the City of New York records with profound sorrow the death of Brian L. Rooney, an Active member of the Society, and extends sincere sympathy to his family.
Helms is holding up a ratification vote on the chemical treaty, because he doesn't trust arms control and because he wants to use the treaty as a bargaining chip in his campaign to shrink the U.S. foreign-policy establishment.
In addition, as the District Court found, defendants' harassment of the local police made it far from certain that the police would be able to quickly and effectively counteract protesters who blocked doorways or threatened the safety of entering patients and employees.
Kay as North could not open one no-trump, since that would have been weak in their style.
At the Iris House, a social service agency for impoverished H.I.V.-infected women in East Harlem, the executive director, Marie St. Cyr, worries like other advocates that some of her clients' skepticism about new AIDS drugs helps doctors deny them access.
Thomas F. McLarty 3d, the President's counselor, was ordered to follow up the next day, and Ms. Heslin said she later received the pressuring phone call from an Energy Department political appointee, Jack Carter, who in 1992 was a Clinton fund-raiser.
And many teachers report that writing E-mail to students in other communities and other countries, for instance, seems to motivate students to want to write and read.
''They can use the phone number to look up the name and address and then you can find out about their house and how many kids they have.''
The shuttle is in a pilot program, One Person Train Operation, with a motorman but no conductor.
Since then, the gap between Republican and Democratic registrations has widened to five percentage points, or 105,000 voters.
Health care providers have tried to address the problem by offering women's centers, which join specialists under one roof and use nurses and physicians' assistants to help coordinate medical care.
Only when the biopsy showed brain cancer did he and Mr. Mead tell the rest of the world.
Given ''Braveheart,'' ''Rob Roy'' and television's ''Highlander,'' a revival of Sir Walter Scott, the man who virtually invented historical pulp fiction, could hardly be far behind.
If the trend continues, Mr. Wolf says, smaller competitors may soon be left out of the corporate business, far and away the most profitable sector of the PC industry.
In one case, two sales managers for the Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corporation have pleaded guilty to aiding smugglers.
When he read a local newspaper story about her AIDS work, he saved it.
Electronic toll collection will begin on the George Washington Bridge at 12:01 A.M. Monday, the Port Authority said yesterday.
Philanthropy, a relatively new thing here, is mostly handled by the tycoons who made the money and want credit for disbursing it.
When we read the description of seared rare lacquered tuna ''with wasabi cocktail sauce, papaya mint salad, spicy tuna roll with shredded scallion, wasabi caviar and soy dipping sauce,'' our first thought was overkill.
Richard Calvo, a photographer who works in black and white, focuses on landscapes and textures.
''I saw this was the best occasion to execute my task, and that I wouldn't have a second chance like this,''' Mr. Walus said today, as he described the assassination for South Africa's Truth and Reconciliation Commission.
ON CAMERA -- Two Hartford police officers were charged with beating a Massachusetts man, whose arrest was caught on videotape.
For those who have trouble gripping thin handles there's a slip-on cover made of sponge.
Rights of way, like prescriptive easements, can often appear out of nowhere.
The company increased its provision for future loan losses by 20 percent, to $156 million, citing its increase in loans.
The announcement by Canadian 88 prompted speculation that other bidders would emerge for Morrison.
Critics complain that Christine Baranski's deliciously cynical character on ''Cybill'' should not drink so many martinis.
The Tex-Mex is owned by Kansas City Southern Industries, which operates the Kansas City Southern Railway.
Mr. Hynes said Ms. Solero began to cooperate with prosecutors last Friday, when the grand jury indicted her on the hindering charge, and Mr. Santiago on a charge of second-murder with depraved indifference, as well as evidence tampering.
When the harassment accusations became public last month, the Citadel suspended two cadets and relieved five others of their commands.
But, he added, ''When on 28 February 1993, the F.B.I.
Members of the Presidential Division hired themselves out to the wealthy as security guards.
Springsteen was bent on impressing the importance of what he was doing upon his father, his hometown and his audience -- the people who had given him a ticket out of Freehold.
''Both officers shot, one to defend himself and one to defend his partner.''
Let's go out there the last two games and maybe something will happen.''
''I don't want an SVT version of every car,'' Mr. Boyd said.
In the opinion of people who have known him for years, Charles Ossola Rossotti has the intellect and personality to turn the agency around.
For years the Belmont community, with its hodgepodge of fancy Italian restaurants, humble pizzerias and mom-and-pop bakeries, has been a bastion of Italian-American culture in the Bronx.
Mrs. Clinton then showed her complexity by delivering a speech on microcredit.
Lamar Sanchez, 20, was convicted of first- and second-degree murder in State Supreme Court in Manhattan in connection with the slaying of his former girlfriend, Arelis Batista, 18, her mother, Miriam, 40, and her younger brother, William Jr., 14.
We can deduce from Huang's immunity ploy that he worries about a potential charge that he unlawfully solicited political funds while he was a Commerce official.
He leaves everyone crying, but he is not full of self-pity.''
''He is still famous,'' she said.
Erwin Blumenfeld exploits her dancer's strength and agility by photographing her leaning out from the Eiffel Tower, her skirts billowing in the wind.
In an interview, Mrs. Arteaga said she had simply overlooked the picture because events had happened so quickly.
Woods, who will be competing in his first Open as a pro, is familiar with the U.S.G.A.
Students probably have read ''Death of a Salesman'' and maybe ''The Crucible.''
Mr. Killgore's daily harvest on a recent trip to the Chilean desert was $2,000 in meteorite nuggets.
Formerly known as Telerate, it has lost ground to Reuters Holdings P.L.C.
Traditionalists have sometimes deplored this ''code-switching'' between languages, often calling it a product of laziness and ignorance.
In each of the next two years, the pay increase will be equal either to Britain's retail price index plus half a percentage point or to 3.5 percent, whichever is higher.
The station was closed, and Mr. Dolci censured.
''That happens when it's unhappy, if I can use that word, with the move it has,'' Mr. Campbell said, ''and it has decided it wants to find something else.''
Hearing this performed was like looking at a Flemish painting and seeing it happen.
''Now there are few jobs in Milltown and nearly everyone works outside the borough.
I don't see any rebound in the near term.''
In addition to retirees who had to go back to work and a woman who was worried about paying for her husband's nursing home, there was a single mother who lost the money she had been saving for her children's education, the judge said, adding, ''One of the children is selling pizzas at 2 o'clock in the morning.''
A jazz club in Nashville?'''
It's as central to our culture as the Faust myth is to Germany.
Loving and accepting mother of Ellen and Martha.
After that, the rest of the site will be prepared for the start of construction.
Everything seemed to go down pretty easily for the Knicks, a team with Starks as its elixir.
The firm has also retained Dr. Johnetta Cole, the former head of Spelman College, as a diversity adviser.
The sofa faces the chairs, but the bed free-floats like an island.
McMaster sees cold war attitudes and pressures as less important than some of these earlier writers do, and he emphasizes the particular circumstances and human failures of Johnson and his advisers.
''With all that talk about them being resurrected, it would have been better to beat them on the track.''
But like Mr. Franklin, she suggested that the couple play it safe with their savings until Ms. Kroll graduated.
This was a consolidation day.''
But not only does Mr. Shenk not suggest a realistic alternative to the flood of information, he seems to lament the nature of modern life itself, complex and fragmented and beyond any single person's capacity to know thoroughly.
Mr. Abu Marzook is getting a lot less attention languishing in an American jail than he would get if he were on trial in Israel.
Jones continued to pummel McKinney, but he could not take him out.
At the eastern end of the island a village of tiny fishing shacks had been gussied up for a small contingent of the summering white-shoe set and a few Broadway theater types, and in Nantucket town there was one good restaurant.
For the better part of 30 years beginning in the early 1950's, both Democratic and Republican Presidents, as well as many Congressional leaders, sought out Mr. Ture for his advice on taxes and supply-side theory, the economic concept built on the belief that lower taxes spur greater economic growth.
But once the basic facts about them have been revealed, they don't quite add up.
If such material exists, VAI will undoubtedly turn it up.
In 1972, they moved to Harlem; they were married in 1980.
Expect Russians not prepared to tip off Moscow to sensitive inspections to be ''rotated.''
''I told him if he wants to have people like him, he has to watch that.''
Gilding is labor intensive, and the couple use the time-honored method of water gilding, which requires elaborate preparation and will last, Mr. Adair said, for hundreds of years.
''I don't understand precisely what he's doing,'' the Mayor continued.
With the assistance of three employees, he built a wooden framework to support the bell, loosened the old bolt, and slipped in a new one made of stainless steel.
Hong Kong's market took the news in stride in early trading and the Hang Seng index shot up nearly 100 points before beginning a gradual slide in the first hour of trading.
Great grandmother of Camilla, Nicholas, Abigail, Patrick and Solomon.
You're just trying to get one foot out in front of the other.''
Dr. Schneer was Professor of Psychiatry at Downstate Medical Center and Nassau County Medical Center; President of the New York State Psychiatric Association; a lifetime member and Fellow of the American Psychoanalytic Association and the American Psychiatric Association; among other organizations.
On airplanes, the first thing he said to the stewardess was, 'Please give me some paper.'
''That's one gold ring I am going to grab, whatever criticism comes my way.''
Orthodox churches are divided in their attitude toward converts.
One of those most troubled by the sudden turn in American attitudes is Zbigniew Brzezinski, who from 1977 to 1981 was President Jimmy Carter's national security adviser, and who has for years been one of the more provocative thinkers about foreign affairs, particularly those dealing with the former Soviet bloc.
In one sense, with higher costs for labor, taxes and energy, it gets harder each year to keep the farm going, according to Mrs. McCombe.
It was hard work, and three years ago the Talangas decided they had had enough.
It's enough to drive Scudder to drink, but that's not an option.
Yet treatments are far from ideal.
Connecticut, the last New England state to embrace gambling, was also one of the last to get Gamblers Anonymous.
Domsey is currently thriving, and plans to expand, said Alvin Blyer, director of the Brooklyn office of the National Labor Relations Board.
When the sea lions first arrived on Jan. 19, 1990, they were a boon to Pier 39, whose attendance figures had plummeted after the Loma Prieta earthquake three months earlier.
This week Japan protested to the State Department about a Massachusetts law that prohibits the state from doing business with any company that does business in Myanmar; those companies include Sony and many of Japan's automakers.
The new program gives hospitals that have relied on residents as a source of cheap labor money to find alternate ways to dispense care.
Emotions over the shootings have run high, often trampling the facts as thoroughly as bison stampeding across the plains.
''I went to a diner with the drag queens,'' she says.
''When I was raped,'' she said, ''I told myself I'm never going to ask, 'Oh, why me, God?'
We do draw near; remain there, if you can!
Even a building like the Library of Congress, conceived to honor the fruits of peace, spoke for an age when the United States was moving into its own imperial phase.
ACTION WITH: Bruce MacVittie (Jeep), John Diehl (Shooter), Debbon Ayre (Liza) and Tanya Gingerich (Lupe).
The Customs Service withdrew the proposal in February.
Trying to advance to the conference finals for the first time since 1994, New York can bring a forgettable end to Miami's memorable season in Game 5 on Wednesday night at Miami Arena.
ERIC TURNER, a former Pro Bowl free safety, was cut yesterday by the Baltimore Ravens and is considering joining the Jets, where his former head coach, BILL BELICHICK, is the secondary coach.
Unlike Stalin, Pol Pot never had much of a fan club in the West.
Maybe he shouldn't have been the one to arrive first, but here he was, in the empty dining room of the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel, waiting for Harmony Korine, the 23-year-old writer and director of ''Gummo,'' whose indie career took off two years ago with ''Kids,'' for which he wrote the script.
When a viewer pushes on ball down, the facade swings out to reveal interior shelves.
Volvo Cars of North America, a subsidiary of A.B.
He called the woman's doctor in London who admitted that he had put a false age on the woman's medical records to allow her to have donor eggs at Dr. Sauer's clinic.
But now, she weeps as if defenseless before cruelty and before sweetness, too, like when she remembered the birthday party that her daughter-in-law had just given for Ms. Machado's son, drained by the loss of his sister, his job and his health.
Kerr emerged with a wide smile and a $20 bill dangling in his fingertips.
Polls have shown a fall-off in support for the Pakistan People's Party, the Bhutto family's political vehicle, in the country's four major provinces, including Ms. Bhutto's home province of Sindh.
They still have good players.''
We have accreditation of individual programs, and the decennial college-wide accreditation, which we recently went through with flying colors.
All this would occur at a $2.2 billion complex about the size of the Rose Bowl.
An armored car guard, left alone in the truck when two co-workers made a pickup in Queens, drove off with $180,000 in cash, the police said.
Gazprom, which is being billed by the Russian Government for about $2.5 billion in back taxes, will also look for $500 million to $1 billion in short-term bridge financing within the next month, ABN-Amro officials said.
''This is way too big for us to handle.''
After all, asks the pragmatic producer, why mess with something that already works?
Mr. Gore's commitment to abortion rights was at one point in doubt, as some in his audience acknowledged.
They had only the 19th-highest payroll this season, while the other seven post-season teams rank in the top 11.
We planned to drive about 25 miles to Camden that evening, deposit the car on a side street, then catch a taxi back to Friendship.
The Star System The New York Times's star system rates restaurants on the following scale.
The possibilities include a secure juvenile facility, a group home for delinquents, a psychiatric facility or family custody.
Restaurants THE BLACK SWAN, Main Street (Historic Route 7A), Manchester Village, Vt., (802) 362-3807.
Mr. Grogan and officials from the other organizations -- Habitat for Humanity International, the Enterprise Foundation and the National Neighborworks Network -- said they were making such a large commitment because they felt that neither Congress nor the Clinton Administration was adequately responding to a growing demand for affordable housing, which they asserted had reached 10.5 million families.
''He's a hero,'' Mr. Karpinski said of Mr. Mardula.
He was engaged to be married to an American woman, Alicia Stallings.
''You can't tell people what to do anymore, you have to motivate them,'' he said.
His father, who is the Under Secretary of the Treasury for Law Enforcement in Washington, was New York City's Police Commissioner from 1992 to 1994.
The tallest building in the county, it was designed to match the new White Plains Public Library, which was planned to stand next to the courthouse in a grand public plaza.
Bobby Phills of the Cavaliers may command some decent offers, but Nick Anderson had such a subpar year with Orlando that the Magic could re-sign him for a lot less than a year ago.
Together with many of his contemporaries -- Vladimir Vysotsky, Aleksandr Galich, Yevgeny Yevtushenko, Bella Akhmadulina and others -- Mr. Okudzhava helped form what served for the Soviet Union as a beatnik movement.
''The work of fumigation is temporarily suspended while, as the Government announced, the entire subject of international cooperation with the Government of the United States is reviewed,'' Mr. Polo said.
A more certain returnee is Brian Leetch, the attacking defenseman, who led all National Hockey League defensemen with 78 points, including 20 goals.
The lines and sharp edges, especially noteworthy in ''Mapping New York 1995,'' far left, are drawn on wet paint, a reflection in technique of the order imposed on the plastic earth.
To win, 25 players have to contribute.
''Everybody was high-fiving and shaking hands and congratulating each other and patting each other on the back and bragging about how much butt you kicked,'' Mr. McWhorter said in his deposition, part of a Federal lawsuit brought by state inmates last fall against the commissioner and others.
Stores like Radio Shack offer subscriptions to some of these agencies.
The highest risk-adjusted mortality rate among the 32 hospitals that perform the surgery was the 1.86 percent at Beth Israel Medical Center in Manhattan and Montefiore Medical Center's Weiler Division in the Bronx, though that number is not considered significantly higher statistically than the statewide rate.
Earlier this week, state and local health officials indicated that one of the girls who had contracted the virus was only 13 when she had sex with Mr. Williams.
But he reportedly recouped his losses abroad, setting up companies in France, Poland and other countries.
Wednesdays through Sundays, 10 A.M. to 5 P.M.
Financial markets have been increasingly concerned that the Fed might raise interest rates as soon as its next meeting, on Nov. 12, if the economy shows any signs of incipient inflation.
But she brushed aside a question of whether a schedule of endless meetings -- usually starting over breakfast and continuing through dinner -- amounted to little more than ''assembly-line'' diplomacy.
Dr. Almgren was a founder of the National Science and Technology Research Center for Computation and Visualization of Geometric Structures in Minneapolis.
This question may prompt the doctor to look more closely and perhaps do further tests before sending the child back home and risking a ruptured appendix.
DH said Axiohm would offer 6.5 million to 7 million DH shares directly to shareholders.
And in what became a surprisingly tight mayoral primary, Ms. Messinger was forced into a runoff with Mr. Sharpton.
When television isn't preaching the evils of tobacco, it's putting cigarettes in the hands of unlikable characters, the ones we love to hate.
But by the third episode, which takes on the prison's two greatest rival powers, God and the Governor, it is possible to see the series tilt toward thoughtfulness.
MARYLAND ARTS FESTIVAL Towson, June 28-July 26 (410-830-2787).
The Bengals came out with more emotion than they have shown all season and went ahead by 7-0 on a Ki-Jana Carter touchdown run in the first quarter, only the third rushing touchdown against the Steelers this season.
Greg Osby: ''Art Forum'' (Blue Note).
However, it is a two-stroke penalty for playing from the incorrect spot.
How can the data be accurate, says Mr. Jasinowski, when corporate America is performing so well?
One way to do that is to make sure that no two titles are that much alike.
Prosecutors also say the nanny, Louise Woodward, had shaken the baby until his brain hemorrhaged.
A successful program will still require the tolerance of the Serbian Government, which could withhold visas for American aid workers and experts working for the American groups, or prevent Serbs from traveling to the United States for training and study.
''There are normal, intimate things that a wife and husband should be able to do and I can't do them.
And then, Mr. Sorenson said at the time, ''Many little dirty streams flowed together to make one large one.''
Elzbieta Jaworska, 37, had left her husband and 14-year-old daughter behind in Warsaw, planning to send for them once she got settled.
No wonder grains like this are tempting chefs and their customers.
The twin-photon experiment by Dr. Nicolas Gisin of the University of Geneva and his colleagues last month was the most spectacular demonstration yet of the mysterious long-range connections that exist between quantum events, connections created from nothing at all, which in theory can reach instantaneously from one end of the universe to the other.
Flotilla 13 is a small naval commando unit, trained for special missions behind enemy lines.
There have been 104 reports of Explorer sunroofs' blowing off vehicles and 66 reports of sunroofs' shattering without any evidence of their having been hit by an object, according to Government records.
''Everybody does the best they can,'' Gutkowski said.
''To put these type of houses around them gives people an incentive to want to do better.''
But his voice was strong as he crooned about green hills and sandy shores.
Here are the first lines of each : Princess Diana, born to privilege and wealth, Moved in lofty circles, yet found within herself The will to walk among the sad and lonely, And lift them with a smile or tender gaze.
Stuart Epstein, the owner of Devlin McNiff Real Estate in East Hampton, said that similar challenges face many Long Island property owners.
One is that companies would, as an alternative to cutting their own emissions, be able to buy greenhouse gas ''credits'' from other factories that cut their emissions to even lower levels than required.
But it is back to the bench for Boomer, and back on the field for Jeff Blake.
Then there is the true mother of all maternity shops.
''If the United States has a public policy, it can lead the way, and maybe the rest of the world will follow.''
''Here were all these high-level corporate executives who one would think had power, and in fact they're acting like Israelites who are making bricks in Egypt.
Crime continued to drop; tourists continued to come; a Metropolitan Transportation Authority surplus led to new fare structures.
While others attend evening receptions, she said, she expects to be in her room, working on belated Christmas cards.
Mr. Wilson graduated from the University of Michigan.
I'm not going to try to hit it.
The cause of death, so far as is known, was never established.
At the core of the argument over the exhibition, of course, is postwar Germany's unresolved fixation with its history that seems to trip modern Germans at every turn: only last week, two conscripts were discharged from the German Army after an arson attack on a home for foreigners, a development that raised worrisome questions about screening military recruits for right-wing sympathies; and even this week, Government officials are negotiating with Jewish officials over compensation payments to Holocaust survivors in Eastern Europe.
THE ''bride'' was out of control, trying to hide hysterical laughter behind the sheer veil she was holding over her face during a ceremonial dance at a mock Muslim wedding.
The poet John Ashbery and the composer Gunther Schuller received gold medals for lifetime achievement.
In ''Errors of Judgment,'' Tennison demands that her boss, Ballinger (John McArdle), give her something more to do than deliver law-and-order lectures to high schools.
Many were taken to nearby hospitals, but officials said no one appeared to have been critically injured.
Another truism is that being part of the Hollywood establishment, which takes care of its own, makes it far easier to survive failure.
The lawyer for Barclay and Loretta Davis said that neither he nor his clients would comment on the case.
Silk's Brasserie, 128 The Mall, Leura; (61-47) 84-2534.
They know their own minds, as we discovered when we took an informal survey, nationwide, and we've printed their responses.
Tomorrow WALKING TOURS OF CHELSEA AND TIMES SQUARE.
More police shows, more news magazines, more dramas with religious figures at the center, more science fiction, way more comedies -- and, worst of all, more chaos.
00 on Jan. 18, making him the 21st player in franchise history to receive the honor.
Instead of trying to further reduce architectural form to the bare minimum, he has gone deeper into the psychological space where images are formed and further out into the city that helps to shape them.
The law's biggest defect, Mr. Edelman wrote, is that it ''closes its eyes to all the facts and complexities of the real world and essentially says to recipients, Find a job.''
In Schiller Park, neighbors described Mr. Hajda as a quiet man who took care of his garden.
Suffer first and be happy later, he is saying.
Kathy Waters of Gaithersburg, Md., who shares season tickets to Camden Yards with her father, holds an opinion that echoes that of many Orioles fans.
Hotel staffs photograph the ephemeral architecture and a decision is made at the end of the season.
''I know I'm keeping you awake.''
RENT SETTLEMENT -- The owner of Stuyvesant Town and Peter Cooper Village has agreed to refund $4 million to residents of the sprawling complexes.
But there is no punch line.
Rico Brogna's trickler behind second then killed the Yankees as Rolen slid in ahead of second baseman Rey Sanchez to fill the bases.
By a margin of 3 to 1 Americans believe that the proper response to homicide is a rope around the neck or a seat in the electric chair.
I'm haunted by the mountain behind the house.
Among the chief concerns of investors is the release today of the employment cost index for the fourth quarter.
Malabar Man, last year's 2-year-old trotting champion and winner of $784,624 for his owner and driver, Malvern Burroughs, is the early 1-5 favorite over six rivals in the second of the three Hambletonian heats, which will be run as the third, fifth and sixth races in the afternoon.
Since debt service payments would not begin until the next fiscal year, he said the state would save $103 million in debt service this year, providing $103 million in short-term savings to this year's budget.
The problems in the areas where these schools exist are complex and numerous.
MAYOR'S REPORT Mayor Giuliani used the release of his twice-yearly Management Report to burnish his administration's reputation.
''The only way I win,'' Mr. Pagones said, ''is if everybody comes to court.
People do not care about value, Steve Leuthold, a Minneapolis-based analyst whose Leuthold Group closely monitors valuation, said yesterday.
''It's vast out there, no question about it,'' he said.
The shows are syndicated, and in many cities their time slots put them in head-to-head, life-or-death competition.
Likely candidates include people on fixed incomes, those with especially high seasonal usage and people who have trouble balancing their budgets.
The program on March 7 will serve as an introduction to ''The New Times Square: Local-Global,'' a symposium featuring architects and urban planners, to be held March 8, from 10 A.M. to 5:30 P.M. No charge.
''People are blaming each other for the crisis, when it is really the fault of politicians who ruined the economy.''
Maybe I'm getting old and cautious, but I don't want 10 cooks touching the food and wasting time with garnishes as it cools off.''
And they expect the center's managers to try to anchor the rearranged space with a big- name tenant, as they did when they attracted the Christie's auction house to part of a garage building.
''This act, far from being isolated, appears to be part of a plan of aggression against the Catholic Church,'' the diocese said in a statement.
That may be attributable to longstanding, and at times acrimonious, contractual disputes between the union and City Hall over several mayoral administrations.
''Whenever you get within 1,000 feet of tidal water a whole new set of considerations come into the picture,'' Mr. Epstein said.
As far as carry-over effect, it has absolutely none.
Her father, Arthur P. Dudden, has been a history professor at Bryn Mawr College for more than 40 years, and her mother, Adrianne Onderdonk Dudden, is a graphic artist.
Youths in Chautauqua County, she said, now think they are safe as long as they do not sleep with a certain type of Jamestown girl -- one who may have slept with Mr. Williams.
And today, the conveyance of choice to this still-isolated setting is not rail car or sleigh, as it was in Durant's day, but private jet.
Haskel Lookstein, Rabbi Fred Distenfeld, President
After a journey of months, sometimes years, pilgrims of the past received the precious compostellana, a document giving the holder plenary indulgence and remission from purgatory.
Washington, vying to end an eight-year playoff drought, will be host to Orlando tomorrow before closing the season Sunday in Cleveland.
''I believed then and I believe now what we did was legal.
Healthy Families provides a home visitor to first-time parents who are deemed to have certain risk factors.
Modeled after French residential squares of the Napoleonic period, the 19th-century plaza has a central iron fountain from France decorated with figures of the Three Graces; the six-torch lamp standards were designed by Gaudi in 1879.
Schools that invite parents in as partners.''
Metz agreed: ''The Market's in a no-win situation.
''You're not really in a good mood anyway, and to stay positive, to be encouraging to others -- I'm really impressed with the way he's handled this year.''
Mr. Litt has also been a Federal prosecutor and has worked at the Justice Department since 1994.
KING-Harold G. On November 26, 1997.
They don't mind paying for that $18 appetizer, either: the large slices of yellowtail carpaccio are served with a wasabi-flavored sauce and topped with black truffle chips and a ruffle of tiny tatsoi leaves.
It also operates the large Wintershall oil and gas subsidiary, which has built a major natural gas network across Germany.
He preached God's love but also the highest of demands - and never seemed to doubt that young people could attain them.
Also, international environmental organizations are asking businesses not to sell it.
Mr. Bar-On resigned after less than a day.
He declined to elaborate when asked if he had learned anything from the incident, which the San Diego District Attorney's office said involved four inebriated men.
But the stagnation is costing Mr. Kirch millions of dollars.
But he is in the classic situation of the young, friskier quarterback who has come off the bench and created sparks.
This skeptical, informative book takes a long, cool look at the postwar campaign for European hearts and minds that was waged by a variety of governmental and extragovernmental institutions.
Mr. Hirschfeld, who briefly postponed announcing his candidacy, denied any wrongdoing.
Last September, the Rockland County sheriff's office hired a Hasid, Shlomo Koenig, as a part-time police officer, complete with gun, badge and 600 hours of training, and honored his need to retain his beard and sidelocks.
''He's had some wild ideas before, but this has the least chance of success of any I've heard lately,'' said Judith Hope, chairwoman of the New York State Democratic Committee.
certainly raises a legitimate issue in terms of this opinion having staked out a position that no other court has adopted before,'' said John Sullivan, a lawyer with Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobsen in New York.
Independent at Kim's means something very specific: Alison Anders, John Sayles, the family-film, name-brand, Hollywood-accepted mavericks.
''It opened at the time that David Puttnam left Columbia,'' Mr. O'Connor said.
They resort to wearing shorts and sandals, as well as placing blocks of ice in front of fans.
Dishes like pork chops and meat loaf are always on the menu.
If Ms. Brown has a gutsy personality, Mr. Coleman resembles a tap-dancer.
Beloved daughter of the late late Domenick and Grace.
Clean up dead leaves from your water garden; decaying vegetation depletes oxygen, causing goldfish to become history and mosquitoes to flourish.
Wage increases have been modest and pension benefits remain out of reach for many, she said, and with widespread layoffs, job security is too low for many workers' comfort.
Last year, for example, Mr. Harding registered with the city to lobby personally for about 15 clients, including companies that are involved in some of the most hotly contested battles over contracts or rulings.
This would look vaguely satirical if Ms. Potter had not actually been at work on a ''Rage,'' and if she did not also include ludicrous Hollywood scenes in which crass film executives fail to grasp the beauty of her idea.
High blood pressure may speed the loss of memory and other cognitive abilities in the elderly and cause their brains to shrink, a study indicates.
Tip O'Neill, the House Speaker from 1977 to 1987, once said that ''all politics is local.''
The fee on the bridge had just gone up, to $3.50 from $3, slowing toll takers who had to make change.
These include innovative police tactics in many cities, sometimes referred to as community policing or as problem-solving policing, a plethora of neighborhood volunteer efforts to change juvenile behavior and the greatly increased number of criminals in prison.
Law Project charges in its complaint that state regulations are not being enforced to insure that the disclosure of test results is confidential and that counseling is handled appropriately.
I want to thank him for regularly speaking the truth about issues that trouble many of our communities, for recognizing the problems of police brutality and unemployment.
Was Fassbinder, at the time of his death, a victim of burnout?
It has changed coaches twice in the last year and is currently looking for a third.
SIMONSON-Jonas J., on Oct. 14, of Brooklyn.
Its package of four articles gives a comprehensive overview along with plenty of details and advice.
KAYE-Babette G. On March 27, 1997.
People are saying please do it.''
's shares closed at $7.625, down 12.5 cents.
While studies of Aborigines in Australia may deal with their customs, which is the plural of custom, the United States Customs Service considers itself singular and you better believe it or the customs officer will make you lay out all your Paris-purchased underwear in front of all those other passengers.
The plantation is near the airport in the village of Newcastle on the northeast side of the island.
''We understand that our decision to sell the newspapers may be difficult for many of you to understand and accept,'' Mr. Plangere and Mr. Lass wrote in their memo.
When his playing career ended, Henry drifted in and out of jobs, several friends said.
BECKMANN-Allan G., 81, of Boca Raton, FL and formerly of Park Slope, Brooklyn, NY, passed away on Saturday, October 18, 1997.
Her nursery looks like a joyful place, with plenty of playrooms, toys, a paddling pool and tiny beds and cradles.
Harvard, tied with Clarkson and St. Lawrence for fifth place, has road games with both.
When those strikes were eventually made, they proved highly effective, accurately hitting military targets with little collateral damage and dramatically cowing the Serbs.
American Eagle is the biggest customer for ATR planes, which are built jointly by Aerospatiale of France and Italy's Alenia Aerospazio, a subsidiary of Finmeccanica.
Amid a surge in tourism and growing demand by investors for New York City hotels, the administration of Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani yesterday brought one of the city's choicest business assets, the 427-room United Nations Plaza Hotel, back onto the market following a failed attempt to sell it in 1995.
The company also has a lot to explain.
''Guys look forward to seeing him.
The novel features ''braincaps,'' helmetlike devices tailor-made for individuals that are attached to units the size of computer diskettes that can download all the knowledge acquired in the history of humankind.
Now ranked fifth and appearing in her first event of 1997, Seles, battling her own health woes and those of her father, Karolj, who has cancer, passed the fourth round with a 6-2, 6-1 pounding of Sweden's Asa Carlsson.
And so people remember the Mafia hit men hired to kill Fidel Castro, the coups gone bad, the rebel groups seduced and abandoned, the drunken scoundrel Aldrich Ames.
Administration officials said the documents were memorandums to President Clinton or senior White House aides about problems with the loan program.
Some estimated that this portion of the bid could easily total several billion dollars, even as much as $8 billion or $10 billion.
''I knew I was in a vulnerable position,'' Ferraro said.
Because of the sharpening feud between the two co-Prime Ministers, neither Parliament nor the Cabinet has met for months.
Turkey's generals met with the Prime Minister behind closed doors for five hours today on what they see as his failure to curb Islamic influences in the Government.
The 5.2-acre site at the southern end of the bay is bordered by beaches and public parkland.
Mr. Sljivancanin, a major at the time of the massacre, is now a political candidate, nominated on a slate for Montenegro's ruling party, the Democratic Party of Socialists.
''If I may answer,'' said Mr. Breuer.
''It's been a long time,'' Jerry remarks in the first scene.
''They're way too spooky and noisy for me.''
In recent years, 26 states, including Connecticut, New Jersey and Texas, have passed laws allowing so-called nurse practitioners -- those with the most advanced training -- to work without a link to a physician.
On Oct. 30, District Attorney Jeanine Pirro reported that an undercover operation had resulted in 44 arrests for selling alcohol to people younger than 21.
Mr. Moi, meanwhile, has taken full advantage of his office, traveling from town to town in his presidential jet.
Disney's animated ''Hercules,'' which opens on June 27, is aimed at parents with young children, while Fox's comedy ''Out to Sea,'' which opens on May 30, is targeted on the older audience that has made the ''Grumpy Old Men'' movies successful.
It would be difficult to conceive of a more exhilarating, competitive men's short program than the one performed today at the world figure skating championships.
Such companies face tough marketing conditions in the region as well as pressures to become more efficient as Europe moves toward greater economic unity.
Its members deeply care about the arts.
''In my view, for far too long, there appear to be unabated, contemptuous attacks by and through the media on our judiciary,'' he said.
Clemens forced Juan Acevedo to a full count before driving a high fastball to deep right.
U.S. Trade Deficit Jumps The trade deficit rose to an eight-month high of $11.1 billion in September, as financial turmoil in Asia helped widen the gap.
They are seeking to hold gun makers responsible for violent shootings if their products fail to have the latest safety features and are sold in ways that get them to criminals.
The Grave house, built in 1685 by a family of farmers, weavers, shoemakers, teachers, innkeepers and activists, has been undergoing restoration for the past three years.
''People have an implicit, causal theory about why things are littered -- that somehow it's out of control, the city is not paying attention,'' he said.
Now the case has burst back into public attention, provoking a new outcry about police competence and sensitivity in racial crimes, the rights of defendants to be presumed innocent and the responsibilities of the press.
''They said in a nice way that they felt you owe us'' for arranging Mr. Gore's visit, a person familiar with the temple's finances said, adding that Mr. Huang was so anxious for the additional money that he ''wanted those checks yesterday.''
And the company is expected to lead the industry in market share for the year on the projected strength of coming big-budget, mass-appeal films like ''Men in Black,'' a comedy set for release in July.
Guardian Baillie Gifford Emerging Markets will be managed by Guardian Baillie Gifford, a partnership between Guardian and Baillie Gifford Overseas, a subsidiary of a British investment management firm.
In dispute were research notebooks that the university said he took from a laboratory, in violation of a confidentiality agreement with the university.
Mr. Macklowe -- whose company pleaded guilty in 1985 to the illegal, nighttime demolition of four midtown buildings -- said in an interview Wednesday that he had made generous offers to Mr. Steindler and that he was pleased that the new law would force him to accept one.
They squirm in their chairs in a room that's an airless box.
This would include Manhattan since the cards will allow for one $1.50 fare for some short-haul round trips within the two-hour transfer period.
We're open to new technology and old technology.''
That commission caused as much of a cultural quake as Ralph Lauren's clothes for Robert Redford in ''The Great Gatsby.''
With that technology, NEC will produce semiconductors that combine memory and logic on one chip.
''As time went on, it grew on me.''
You know the movement of alternative-rock is over when a genre that defines itself by its rootlessness is trying desperately to stake a claim on the grandpappy of all roots musics, the blues.
So I incorporate these photographs into these quilts.
But Washington should recognize that Mr. Yeltsin may not be able to handle a full agenda of issues or deliver on promises he makes.
''I love the area and wanted to be in Westchester,'' he explained.
These days, the talk surrounding ''Boogie Nights'' is so positive that Mr. Anderson seems to be enjoying every aspect of the ride, from compulsive tweaking of the final print to his repeated attempts to con the news media about the most talked-about scene in ''Boogie Nights.''
This evening, another missing fund-raiser, Charlie Trie, surfaced in China on ABC television news, also without benefit of a swearing-in.
The study also indicated that the longer immigrants' children lived in the United States, the less time they spent on homework.
Cover the shiitake stems with 5 cups water in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil.
They are as close to a stable ruling class as New York has enjoyed since the beginning of the century, when Manhattan was owned by the Astors and the Rhinelanders, and Sam Rudin, David Rose and other family founders were cutting deals on Court Street in Brooklyn or 149th Street in the Bronx.
The cause was a heart attack, his family said.
This time, the party also submitted another 139 pages of written testimony before answering questions.
The cast found the process sometimes inspiring and occasionally infuriating.
Larry R. C. Stephens, an assistant United States attorney, conceded at the start of his opening statement that there were no tapes or wiretaps of conversations between the two men, nor witnesses who would say how Mr. Mattison influenced them to act in a particular way.
They let readers hear leaders thinking out loud about what to do to force the Soviets to withdraw the missiles.
An Op-Ed article yesterday on the recently enacted balanced-budget legislation misstated a Congressional estimate two years ago of Federal Government spending between 1998 and 2002.
Syracuse (5-15, 3-9) was led by the junior guard Raquel Nurse and Teakyta Barnes, who each scored 18.
Quickly, warily, Senator McCain was on his feet, renouncing all the perfection proffered in Mr. Lott's amendment, which would crimp labor's power to build its political warchest from union dues unless workers specifically agreed.
Everyone was choking on the regurgitation that has all but destroyed originality.
''That makes customers more comfortable when you introduce the next round of innovation.''
''I have a deep concern for women who wear size 14 and above,'' she said.
''British Forces Hong Kong,'' it announced, ''Historic Sale.''
Intelligence, on the other hand, is a tool, not a musical product, and one often wished those careful touches had sounded less calculated and more natural -- indeed, that they had gone unnoticed.
The residents, who stood outside the building this morning as environmental officials and elected officials made the announcement, praised the decision.
Another, assigned to an organized crime unit, leaked confidential information and failed to report a bribe offer.
The Hawks are 8-1 on the road since this superstition became team policy.
On the walls of the office are hundreds of photographs of the 20 or so employees at Christmas parties.
in chemistry from the University of Kansas and his M.D.
The Chicxulub region is rich in limestone, which when vaporized would have released an enormous cloud of carbon dioxide.
A: Clinton is guilty as sin.
Jamel Gaines, the dance company's artistic director, asked him to perform in ''The Cutting Edge.''
''It represents a sanctuary upstate for the leading characters fleeing the mob.
But behind the kibitzing over life in the tropics lies something more serious.
''When teaching about Aztecs is taken as glorifying 'the culture of death,' when asking children to relax and take a deep breath is seen as an attempt to control their minds, when the examination of animal bones in class is said to be a satanic ritual, when drug education is seen as an attack on the family, what part of the curriculum will remain free of censorship?''
The business, started by an Australian executive, tries to attract civilians from around the world to an air base in Ukraine where they pay as much as $10,000 to fly in Soviet-built fighter aircraft.
Since there is less variance in the performance of bond funds, most investors can get by with just one well-diversified, low-cost intermediate bond fund.
AARON ROSE, Paul Kasmin Gallery, 74 Grand Street, SoHo, (212) 219-3219 (through tomorrow).
They sat in the back and mumbled and hexed, but to little effect: hundreds still went to the altar that night.
Jay Boland, who was fatally shot in front of his house three weeks ago in what the police say was a botched robbery attempt, was the Beacon Street block watcher.
Only crab cake disappointed, the pulverized filling much too soft and the flavor of crab barely detectable.
About 80 percent of strokes occur when a blood clot lodges in one of the arteries that carry blood through the brain.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation placed Mr. Cunanan on its 10-Most Wanted List, and there were unconfirmed reports of his sightings, from California to Oklahoma and Florida, but nothing concrete until Mr. Versace was shot as he returned home from buying magazines at the News Cafe on Tuesday morning and the police found bloody clothes and the telltale red pickup truck in a parking garage near the scene.
The X-rays on Davis were negative, and he was expected to play next week.
''It seemed like we gave away two goals in the first two minutes, and in the end it cost us another 3 points.''
''The cost of developing and the cost of maintaining Alfredo field are problems.''
Fernandez (17-9), who was 4-5 despite a 1.87 earned run average against the Blue Jays while pitching for the Chicago White Sox, gave up one run.
This summer, Pale television was portraying the NATO peacekeeping forces as foreign occupiers against a backdrop of footage of Nazis marching into Yugoslavia in World War II, and vilifying Plavsic as a traitor for selling the Serbian soul for a handful of dollars -- that is, desperately needed economic aid.
Another Canadian, the soprano Karen Minish, joins Ms. Shadick-Taylor for the American premiere of ''Fantasia'' by the New York composer Stephen Siegel.
Algae bled into the walls, spread over her mattress, oozed into her pores until she was green all the way through.
The conference, in San Francisco, is called ''The Alley to the Valley,'' and it is sponsored by the city's Economic Development Corporation, the Information Industry Association and The Alleycat News, a newsletter for the Internet industry in the New York metropolitan region.
Following the ''Nashville'' blueprint, he explores the quaint customs and inchoate longings in an insular pop subculture, this time the sleazy, druggy universe of 1970's porn.
He was said to have had difficulty sleeping and to have approached a psychiatrist recommended by his sister.
(The trend occasionally takes some esoteric detours, as in the case of the U.F.O.-obsessed cult Heaven's Gate, which developed a science fiction-like cosmology in which extraterrestrials replaced angels.)
Improved greenskeeping techniques have also led to closely cropped, lightning-quick greens, so that instead of building greens the old-fashioned way -- with lots of contour -- today's new courses tend to offer flatter, duller putting surfaces.
As its title indicates, it is not a one-man show.
And although landlords play down the suggestion, the mailing is also a tacit acknowledgment that the elderly go to the polls in high numbers, making their voice a persuasive one for Republican lawmakers in Albany who have vowed to scale back rent protections.
Denver is said to be a hot spot these days.
''At least in Israel I will join the other Palestinian prisoners,'' he said.
rejected that move, and Colgate appealed to tax court.
Credentials, and Failures States often grant exemptions to organizations that belong to the Airlines Reporting Corporation, the clearinghouse for agency sales of airline tickets and commission payments.
He noted that it had withstood legal challenges in the past.
It will be moving from leased space at 27 West 24th Street.
Mr. Stroici said he goes out on the boats with the fishermen and monitors the processing.
when the car ran off a Connecticut road Jan. 12, the police said.
Technology, drug and health care stocks languished.
''The most impressive thing about him was that knack,'' an admiring David Cone said.
A similar law was introduced in Tennessee, but faces opposition.
Suzie Hill, 29, watching over her daughter in a stroller on the Mall, said that the criticism by the National Organization for Women was off-base.
AIDS education pamphlets, Ms. Roiphe writes, ''urge students to protect themselves not just from disease but from the risks that are in some sense an integral part of life -- like the risk of trusting someone, of losing control.''
A Funeral Mass will be celebrated at 1:30 PM, Tuesday, May 27, 1997, at Holy Rosary Catholic Church, 3600 Travis, Houston, TX.
Her confidence that less adventurous listeners would follow her lead was borne out on Friday night when an enthusiastic audience filled the hall for her program.
Part of that process was demystifying food.
A lawyer for GFL, Dixie Johnson, said ''the fund is pleased to have this case behind them'' and added that Mr. Wallman's dissent showed there was ''great dispute as to whether the case should have been brought.''
A collection of photographs of infants dressed up as flora and fauna, with brief comments.
The humane torturers would stop at that point, if they saw the man really didn't know.
He said yesterday he had had reservations about reducing the sentence to probation, even with the requirement that Mr. Terrero perform 25 hours a week of community service in the first three years.
Housman has emerged from the shadows of Eng.
Yet despite everything -- the closet-like dimensions of her new studio in Murray Hill, the weird dun-colored paint job, the $1,200 rent for a fraction of the space she had in Tucson, Ariz., for $310 -- Ms. Panahinia was a very happy woman.
In Baltimore, with wind gusts of 33 miles per hour and crews shoveling snow off the diamond at Camden Yards, the Orioles postponed their opening day baseball game against the Kansas City Royals.
In an ominous echo of the opening scene, its blue flame sets Nikki's shirt on fire.
His wit and warmth made him a favorite among family and friends.
With the existing depth in professional tennis, particularly on the men's side, there is precious little difference between the level of play at the qualifying level and in the main draw.
Mrs. Aquino has usefully reminded him that the best guarantee of good government remains an alert and vigilant citizenry.
That, it turns out, is not an uncommon situation, and it makes Scott Pendleton agency.
The costumes by Jonathan Bixby are garish period parodies, and the choreography is mostly limited to the type of synchronized hand swaying popularized by the Temptations.
PALACE THEATER ''Five Guys Named Moe.''
Her father is a senior partner in Covington & Burling, a Washington law firm.
But on other environmental issues, particularly those involving big business, Mr. Finnegan would often apparently cede control to others in the administration, Mr. Brodsky said.
A6 Dispute Ends at Polish Camps A group of large stars of David and Christian crosses put up by Polish Boy Scouts in 1983 have been removed from the main burial ground at the Auschwitz and Birkenau death camps.
''Nobody's been hit yet'' by a bolt of lightning.
Services will be held on Friday, June 27 at 11 A.M., at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
A computer graphics designer, Mr. Hewes, 42, does not go outdoors much.
''My big thing is money flows, and you'll find that even when the market cracked, people kept buying,'' he said.
From the moment Deputy Robert Brunk of the San Diego County Sheriff's office pulled up to the big house on the hill on Wednesday afternoon, he knew something was wrong.
Davis still isn't assured a spot on the postseason roster, but Manager Davey Johnson appears intent upon making room for the right fielder.
Labor will see a chance to demand a ''unity government'' that will return some of the power it lost in the election.
Beloved husband of Rhoda (nee Gurian).
Enis, an Ohio native who had insisted that this was just another important Big Ten game, provided a lead that the Lions never lost.
There are 227 Republicans in the House, 205 Democrats, 1 independent who almost always votes with the Democrats and 2 vacancies.
The $1.853 billion in operating expenses eclipsed the previous high of $1.830 billion spent in 1993, the last year that industry figures showed a profit ($36 million).
Banks, finance companies and retailers take charge-offs when prospects for repayment are abandoned, typically when a consumer falls 180 days past due.
REBOUNDS One casualty in the victory involved the on-court chemistry between PATRICK EWING and CHRIS CHILDS, who feuded after a Knicks turnover in the third quarter.
In the heroic time of ''Comanche Moon,'' these men set out to tame the West; just a few years later, in the 1880's of ''Lonesome Dove,'' they will finally be tamed themselves.
Even the title, with its scope for irony and skepticism, is a reminder that Israel does have the conscience as well as the power of his subtitle.
We have something different, but just as important, to offer.
Judge Fortunato said he had ordered a retrial after learning that Bruce Vealey, the lawyer representing Monsignor Dunn in both cases, had no experience trying a felony case.
And then Johnson hit a dramatic homer in the bottom of the 12th inning, sending the Dodgers on a five-game losing streak.
Mayor Giuliani accused three of his Democratic opponents of divisiveness for criticizing City Hall's response to the allegations.
He also affirmed that the exchange value of the rupiah would continue to float freely but that the Government would take measures to avoid sharp drops or fluctuation.
WATERSHED ASSOCIATION ''Keepers of the Earth,'' a program on the life of Native Americans in winter and a hike.
Ronald Knox and Sir Arthur Lunn.''
Those who did manage to get on board were thrown back onto the runway, including a pregnant woman and a woman with an infant on her back.
GRAHAM-Helen M. (nee Carns), of Lynbrook, L.I.
Two contemporaries of Parcells, and longtime coaching adversaries, have just taken over those clubs: Mike Ditka in New Orleans and Dan Reeves in Atlanta.
''Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf'' begins a run Saturday and will be performed at 8:30 P.M. Saturdays and 3 and 7 P.M. Sundays through Nov. 23.
Grease a 10-inch tube pan.
For Mrs. Ballauri, the appeal for national healing from Mr. Nano and the new Government was a tentative start to reconstruction.
He is a gifted singer and improviser, who knows when -- and when not -- to edit himself.
The fact that he's gay is almost irrelevant.
The contrasts on the program were useful, and the unusual inclusion of an American in a showcase for resident foreign choreographers added to the diversity that seems to be a growth industry at the festival.
since October 1990 under five different Directors.
It was 1943, but the martial arts movie survived wartime propaganda to become a model for Japanese action films.
Hours: Fridays and Saturdays, 9:30 A.M. to 8:45 P.M.; Sundays, and Tuesdays through Thursdays, 9:30 A.M. to 5:15 P.M.
''The shirt is one of those fetishistic, obsessive areas of men's wear,'' he said.
The military, and the men and women within it, have already adapted to a great degree.
Flanking the window was a dramatic pair of green palm trees carved out of wood.
They are therefore expected to insist that the elections not be held before late December, two years after the last elections.
I am certain that health maintenance organizations would love to hire nurse practitioners to fill physicians' jobs.
There are many such instances in Mr. Shepherd's relaxed, lucid and minimalist staging, which conjures an affluent, idle world of cappuccino bars and swimming pools without pushing contemporary parallels.
Even last week's first and long-belated effort to arrest two indicted war criminals -- 19 months after the Dayton accords went into effect -- may strike many in Bosnia as an act of some desperation unless it is quickly followed up by the arrests of more prominent and infamous figures like Gen. Ratko Mladic and the Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic, who still wield significant power.
To which position Clay Felker, who now directs the Felker Magazine Center at the Graduate School of Journalism of the University of California at Berkeley, opposed a Luddite view: ''Our eyes get tired quicker on a computer screen.
WITH: Christine Lahti (Emma Percy), Jena Malone (Lilly Kate Burns), Catherine O'Hara (Muriel Macswain), Jeffrey D. Sams (Jediah Walker), J. T. Walsh (Ray Percy), Mary Ellen Trainor (Maize Burns), Lee Norris (Billy October), Kevin Jamal Woods (Cleavell Monroe) and Mozelle Moses-Felder (Josephine).
I do agree with Ms. Dowd that the show isn't as good as it used to be.
More than 2,600 lives have been saved by the bags, and of the 87 people killed by air bag deployment, most were not wearing seat belts.
Funeral arrangements will be private.
Simone Duvalier, who rose from a childhood of poverty and abandonment to become the wife of one Haitian dictator, mother of another and a power in her own right, died of undisclosed causes in a clinic outside Paris on Friday.
''We believe there is a clear lack of balance in the most recent draft of the guidelines,'' wrote Harris N. Miller, the president of the association.
It shows them off like cleavage, and encourages seductive behavior.
''Turnaway,'' a novel by Jesse Browner, tells the story of Elias, who lives on a heretofore uncharted island off Manhattan and fancies himself the last surviving descendant of a decimated American Indian tribe.
Mr. Gingrich's wife, Marianne, is refusing to let her husband pay his ethics fine from family funds.
For one thing, a hostile takeover for a bank would be difficult to complete in Britain, as it would be in the United States.
Dr. Foster, a native of Kansas City, Kan., also wrote the book on band pageantry: ''Band Pageantry,'' his 1955 doctoral dissertation at Teachers College at Columbia University.
says those rules give it the power to evaluate courses properly and achieve uniform eligibility standards among the nation's colleges.
''Ruth Messinger is a kind of Democrat and a woman whom I would feel more familiar with, but I don't like to automatically vote for just what is familiar.''
staff raised questions about the firm's independence, KPMG paid another accounting firm, BDO Seidman, to reaudit the company's books to satisfy the staff.
Inland, based in Chicago, took a charge of $17.1 million, or 35 cents a share, to dismiss the workers at its Inland Steel Company unit, resulting in net income of $777,000, or a per-share loss of 3 cents.
Even though the races on most Wednesdays draw 300 or more contestants, whose parents then patronize Matt's Laundromat or Judy's Casuals or Susan's Top Drawer or Frosty's ice cream, there is no room for complacency.
He said he was afraid he would pass out and she would take his gun.
''I think we can and should go much further,'' said Assemblyman Richard N. Gottfried, a Manhattan Democrat who is chairman of the Health Committee.
His voice, though not enormous, is warm and pliant.
''I am fully aware of the difficult problems facing our country,'' Mr. Chubais said tonight.
More specifically, the execution in Texas earlier this year of Irineo Tristan Montoya, a Mexican man convicted of a 1985 murder in Brownsville, cast a new spotlight on the issue.
A 10th complex, scheduled to open this December, is Bishop McGann Village, which is under construction in Central Islip.
The Romanian soprano Adina Nitescu is a dependable artist, except for some chesty tone on the lowest notes, but her expressive range is limited: she can convey innocence and skittishness, but not pathos or passion.
He's got a lot of McEnroe and Connors in him, and I believe he'll get there, but he can't carry the torch for everybody.
The authorities said that Mr. Saperstein may have learned how to make incendiary devices while working for his family's construction company in New Jersey.
Mr. Aksyenov does not fit into the mold as Hilarion, Albrecht's woodcutter-rival.
What we really need is a stronger oscillation.
NEIGHBORS DIFFER Some Kansas City, Kan., neighbors of Michael Kolnhofer, who is accused of being a Nazi concentration camp guard, say he is a friendly, giving man, but others recall a menacing man who would walk through the neighborhood drinking from a tumbler of vodka.
Those left in the army, he wrote, are ''becoming more and more apathetic.''
He said that he called the meeting to seek Mr. Fuentes's endorsement for Governor Whitman.
An expert on ice dancing and champion figure skating, she wrote about those fields and about dance for Ballet News, where she was also an editor, and for Dance International, Stage Bill, Geo and Connoisseur.
Earlier in the morning, she spoke with Mr. Stern on the telephone, and her voice was hoarse because she is battling a cold.
Mr. Harrison, a native of Chicago, graduated from New York University, from which he also received a master's degree in human relations at the School of Education.
The mall is the Source, a two-story shopping center that opened on Sept. 5 as an extension of Fortunoff, a fixture on Old Country Road since 1964.
''I've closed the executive dining room,'' boasts a third.
The acquisition of Bjorsell gives the company, which is based in Buffalo Grove, Ill., a presence in Scandinavian and Baltic markets.
Lewis, called Mosley ''a literary artist as well as a master of mystery.''
They report that 20 percent to 50 percent of the new business licenses they issue these days are for home businesses.
Presbyterian was wonderful in cardiac care.
His memoir argues that sensitivity over police racism blinded the jurors to the defendant's obvious guilt.
CLAIRE NEEDELL-HOLLANDER New York, April 3, 1997
QUEEN IDA AND HER ZYDECO BAND Scottsdale Center for the Arts, Ariz. (Thursday-Friday); Saint Philips Plaza, Tucson, Ariz. (Saturday); Saddleback College, Mission Viejo, Calif. (June 14); Arvada Center, Arvada, Colo. (July 11-12).
Yet at the same time, economists and bankers say China seems immune to the immediate crisis now unfolding in South Korea, Thailand and Malaysia, and threatening Japan.
In New York, parents must request an evaluation for a child in writing.
Still, there is a sense of fragility in many homes and neighborhoods of southeastern Queens now as the underpinning of the economy changes.
Tony Knowles what he could do to turn good wishes into good deeds: Grant his father a weekend furlough from a prison near Anchorage, where he is one of the state's most notorious convicts -- an esteemed gynecologist who confessed to raping his patients and is serving a 10-year sentence.
Also on tap at Norfolk is an 8 o'clock ''Baroque Night'' on Friday, with chamber music for winds, strings and harpsichord by Purcell, Bach and Vivaldi (860) 542-3000.
''It was like 'West Side Story,' '' she said.
At the final horn, grateful applause tumbled from the top of the Hartford Civic Center, longer and louder than the sound that has greeted many University of Connecticut victories.
The trip to Mali runs from Jan. 24 to Feb. 6, and to the Ivory Coast from Feb. 7 to 21.
State governments are often not as partisan, and have begun to record budget surpluses, which give them more freedom to innovate.
How much more can one team, albeit a talented one, absorb in prime talent lost?
In ''Gravity's Rainbow,'' Thomas Pynchon's profound phantasmagoria of our turbulences, some trenchant specters from Lang's films streak across the novel's lowering sky.
Feeling very pleased with himself, Hull thought he had heard the last from the upstarts.
At the time, he was holding the job on a temporary basis, having moved up from deputy to acting attorney general for antitrust after Anne K. Bingaman left the post last October.
More than a mere cartoonist or entertainer, he managed to become, to use his own phrase, a spokesman for the American way of life.''
It's also the easiest way travel, with a minimum of packing and unpacking.''
But most of the change was in the fabric, which she intentionally made heavier to stress function over form.
She is the daughter of Nancy Kaplan of Chicago and the late Walter Kaplan, who was a president and vice chairman of Helene Curtis Industries, the hair-care products manufacturer in Chicago.
Two exhibitions will start on Wednesday at the museum, which is celebrating its 25th anniversary this year.
In New York, prenuptial agreements usually hold up in court.
In 1995, said Ms. Lewis, sales of bass fishing equipment including boats and motors reached $30 billion.
Lincoln National, which is based in Fort Wayne, Ind., sold its home and auto insurance business in June to the Safeco Corporation so it could concentrate on life insurance, annuities and investment management.
The American Buildings Company agreed yesterday to buy United Dominion Industries' Windsor Door division for $60 million in cash to expand its construction products business.
But in seeking to turn an inning-ending double play, second baseman Craig Counsell threw wildly to first, allowing the tying run to score.
Indeed, Mr. Gray, probably more than anyone else, has given talking about relationships in public a middle-class sheen of mundane decency.
BRENDA BLETHYN, nominated for an Academy Award as best actress for her role in ''Secrets and Lies.''
The attorneys general contended that America Online had engaged in a deceptive business practice by advertising unlimited access and then failing to provide enough open lines to deliver it.
He did not deliver searing solos, head cocked back like a heavy metal rocker; nor did he let loose tasty power chords like Keith Richards.
Pastas are the highlight here, whether homemade tagliatelle in a fresh tomato and basil sauce, rigatoni topped with a fine Tuscan meat sauce, or spaghetti with garlic, olive oil, red pepper and two kinds of shrimp.
It didn't hurt, of course, that Mr. Jackson was a big star.
The contest is open to grade school and high school teams from both public and private schools.
In the other shooting yesterday, Earl Harrison, 20, of Staten Island, was approached by officers at the South Ferry subway station shortly after midnight, after there had been a report of gunfire in the area, Officer Joseph Cavitolo, a spokesman, said.
Young Men's Philanthropic League Foundation Stanley Banks, President Stephen Dietz, Past President
''Bad shots and turnovers is what they look for.
Assigning blame is an old story in New Britain, a city of immigrants where the last ones to arrive have always been held responsible for shortcomings.
We're still checking whether the shooting was justified.''
It has been the basis of many science fiction stories: the rocket returning from Mars carries an unknown organism destined to cause havoc on Earth.
Ms. McKee discovered Amy Bock (born 1859 in Australia; died 1943 in New Zealand) in ''The Encyclopedia of New Zealand Women'' after visiting her own family in Auckland in New Zealand three years ago.
Officials said no such position existed at the penitentiary.
To submit items for consideration, write to On the Towns, Sunday New Jersey Section, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036, or send a fax to (212) 556-7219.
Bob Jegier, an agent with Coldwell Banker, said Ms. Benenson may simply be using the tactics of a smart buyer in a seller's market, making a claim on a house before anyone else can and then deciding later whether she really wants it.
Even the ice boxes and ice houses of the past were puny things compared to the modern domestic refrigerator, which has expanded from the size of a breadbox to the size of a walk-in closet that could feed an Indian village for a month.
In protest against what it sees as the new order's illegitimacy, the party decided that it would not try to be appointed to the Provisional Legislature, which Beijing is installing to replace the elected legislature.
If rich detail is now lost in the telling of stories, the need is to find a way to rescue it, not to eliminate the story as a framework for exhibitions.
To the Editor: As a prosecutor with a heavy domestic violence docket, I can appreciate the danger of permitting gun ownership for those who have committed misdemeanor domestic-violence offenses.
offered abundant hospitality to pilgrims: here you could get your footgear repaired, your body resuscitated, and your spirit restored.
''Oh, man, this is a blast,'' he said.
Her mother is a case-management coordinator for the lower New York consortium for families with the human immunodeficiency virus at the N.Y.U.
We do not disturb the substantive and performance educational standards.
Yet a series of investigations into the Government's handling of Mr. Andrade also suggested that some diplomats and officers of the Central Intelligence Agency station in San Salvador may have been less concerned with uncovering the truth about the former rebel's role in the attack than they were about securing his help as an informer for the Salvadoran Government.
And since 1975, when the country was still reeling from the Watergate scandal, he has had his PBS specials, several a year, each shot live before an audience of 300 at the studios of WNED in his hometown of Buffalo.
He made us feel pampered even if not every dish he brought us was perfect.
He is doing a lot of laughing these days.
''They've put these kids on pitch counts of 100 pitches pitching every five days.
He receives a salary of $132,300 from the King center and owns a Mercedes-Benz and a Lexus.
Admiral Hopper, who died in 1992, developed computer programming language based on a series of commands instead of mathematical codes, a breakthrough that cleared the way for modern computing.
''I just heard the President is in town, and they usually block off the East River when that happens.''
RENTAL CAR Wild Horses A 215-horsepower convertible is not the average rental car, so the rates for Budget's fleet of Saleen S281 Ford Mustangs, high-performance versions of the sports coupe, are not subcompact.
The magazine, which has a circulation of 16,000, features ferret centerfolds and invites readers to send in their funny-ferret stories.
''There is talk about adjusting it downward this year,'' said Ray Nurmi, the town planner.
It made sense: Morris's choreography is musically astute; he'd also staged several operas, and Simon's musical, though he cannot stomach the word, is plainly operatic.
''The issue of throwing blood around is irresponsible in 1997,'' she said.
The interrogation records, made available to The New York Times by Chhang Youk of the Documentation Center of the Cambodia Genocide Program, suggest that the two men now leading the Khmer Rouge are at least as responsible as Pol Pot for the atrocities of the late 1970's.
In the 1970's, Barbados's delegate to the United Nations tried to extend diplomatic immunity to his dog, a German shepherd accused of biting his neighbors.
The companies are based in Russia, China, India, Israel and Pakistan.
The Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada said today that it would pay $65 million (Canadian), or $47 million (United States), to settle a class-action lawsuit involving 400,000 holders of its life insurance policies.
In agreeing to a lifetime ban, Rose neither admitted nor denied that he bet on baseball, but Giamatti later said he believed Rose did place bets on games.
The four units, which provide 9 percent of total sales, are the National Starch and Chemical Company in the United States, Quest International and Unichema International in the Netherlands and Crosfield in Britain.
The rebels see them as guerrillas who are still combatants in Zaire's civil war.
''Under New York law,'' he said, ''a deed without a habendum clause would create an unmarketable title.''
Sorenstam's putter was more than the equalizer, especially on the back nine where, machine-like, she had four birdies.
(To make that loosening up possible, swirl the wine vigorously in the glass.)
Recalled OF Mike Kelly from Indianapolis of the American Association.
His framed picture on the cover of a military magazine hangs side by side with the creed of the noncommissioned officer, which he is said to recite first thing every morning.
He takes his place every morning in a homogenous row of commuters, each wearing the same tan trench coat, who wait on a platform for the train to New York City.
Based on the Elmore Leonard novel ''Rum Punch,'' ''Jackie Brown'' stars that 70's blaxploitation icon Pam Grier as a stewardess embroiled in an elaborate money-laundering/drug-pushing/gun-running scheme.
She knifed though to the heart of the matter: Suppose a President gets into a child-custody dispute with a spouse; does the President's claim of immunity while in office mean the child would have to wait up to eight years before learning where home is?
''Storytellers'' presents singer-songwriters like Billy Joel and James Taylor, usually alone on stage, discussing the inspiration for their songs.
It's a good thing that NEREO and HELEN COSTANTINO FIORATTI began restoring the tiny 10th-century village of Radi di Montagna on a mountaintop near Siena, Italy, 18 years ago.
In 1996, the Helmsleys gave the hospital $10 million.
Therein, perhaps, lies the ultimate power of Walker's deceptively cut-and-dried work.
Stanford is not a closed, guarded compound surrounded by a fence and no one would wish it to be.
The chaotic marketing scramble is well under way.
''There are vague promises at best for a one-for-one tree replacement, which the community groups find totally unacceptable,'' said John Kupiec, a Greenpoint resident who attended a meeting Thursday with city and state officials.
A masterpiece to a league full of Crayola colorings.
I've always felt confidence in my teammates.
Andreas Johansson scored for Pittsburgh, which is 8-38-9 at Chicago since joining the N.H.L.
Unlike some diseases, there is no possibility of a magic cure.
But it was noteworthy to see the ''yes'' votes from Democrats like Senators John B. Breaux of Louisiana, Kent Conrad of North Dakota, Bob Graham of Florida and Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York.
For more information, contact the Polish National Tourist Office, 275 Madison Avenue, 17th Floor, New York, N.Y. 10016; (212) 338-9412.
If you had placed a simple buy order, you probably would have gotten the shares at $43.75.
''There's a lot of racial stereotyping in the league; there's the perception that white guys can't jump, that they're not athletic,'' Falk said.
Zeke's influence, through his research, writing and speaking, is in three large areas of 1990's debate: doctor-assisted suicide, which he opposes legalizing becuase it would transform the practice into a ''routine intervention''; ''advanced directives,'' or living wills, which he favors and ethical standards in managed care, which he promotes.
What these neighborhoods share, of course, is proximity to Manhattan, still the canvas for dreams of artistic success, not to mention the site of clubs, galleries, and yes, downtown.
That's just not what I'm about.
The formulas -- Carnation Alsoy, Similac Neocare, Isomil and Enfamil Prosobee -- all tested positive.
The Forward's target was the Yiddish-speaking laborers arriving in New York from eastern Europe.
Michael is obsessed with getting things right and correcting his father's errors.
Mr. Jospin knows that the French still want to dream of ''du pain et des roses'' -- ''bread and roses,'' or a salary and poetry.
All that the police would say today was that at about half past midnight this morning, the Mercedes, racing at high speed down the westbound lanes of the main traffic artery on the right bank of the Seine, struck one of the square concrete pillars in the tunnel's central dividing lane.
The Jewish Center of Jackson Heights mourns the pasing of our esteemed President, Semon Tulchiner.
He said the Governor had let it be known his reappointment would be denied because of rulings he rendered in favor of criminal defendants.
The half-hour news conference was broadcast live nationwide by CNN, NBC, MSNBC and the Fox network.
He said she replied, '' 'Newtie, you just have to get on with life.'
We get an Ockeghem Mass in Cheltenham College Chapel, Wagner and Brahms in the mighty Tewkesbury Abbey, and our second new Alexander Goehr piece of the summer (''Five Objects Darkly'' for quintet).
There are 15,399,316 shares outstanding.
Of New Canaan Conn. and Fishers Island, NY.
The firm placed its first bid for construction work out of state, a job in Raleigh, N.C.
Prosecutors said Mr. White's role in the scheme was to provide cover for Mr. Bagdasarian by falsely vouching for his wealth and investment record to Salomon and Chemical, using Deloitte & Touche's name without authorization.
But like his counterparts in Washington, Mr. Scott, president of Fisher Broadcasting, which operates the Seattle ABC affiliate, KOMO TV, is also encountering all sorts of new possibilities -- and problems.
still gives boys and girls from age 3 to 21 something to do when school is out for the summer.
If he does not improve, it might behoove the Yankees to bypass the left-hander and rest him until after the All-Star Game break.
I'm caught in this rut where I make some good plays and I give up one or two.''
If the system's repair needs were combined with its projected enrollment growth, Mr. Hevesi estimated that the system would need to spend $28 billion on repairs and construction by 2003 -- many times what the bond act would provide.
The most crushing were the 73 yards he gained on the Raiders in a seven-minute fourth-quarter drive that ended with his 29-yard touchdown scamper.
A Singapore Government spokesman refused to comment.
Messier, still not fully recovered from the flu and back stiffness, put six shots on goal.
And the even greater wonder is that there seem to be real, if unwritten, rules about it all.
The bridegroom's father is the president and chief executive of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting in Washington.
Prophetic (like many of these films) in hinting at its subject's future, ''Meet Marlon Brando'' still finds him thin, outgoing and willing to play the game.
When those well-financed players -- the offspring of AT&T's first breakup, in 1984 -- begin jockeying for customers in their regions, the trickle could turn into a flood.
SERVICE Taxed, at times, but always gracious.
''People now seem to resent being asked to wear a coat and tie in a restaurant,'' the chef said.
Virginia is appealing to the Supreme Court the requirements of 1990 amendments to the Clean Air Act setting up a new system of air-pollution permits that states are supposed to enforce; the court is about to decide whether to hear the case.
Questions were raised about the long-term health effects of the chemical fire, but no definitive studies have established lasting medical damage.
NEWS Honor Bound Martin Scorsese will be honored at the annual gala tribute of the Film Society of Lincoln Center, it was announced yesterday.
And it would have almost certainly brought Mr. Fujimori under heavy criticism at home and abroad, as well as damaged his chances for a third term.
In addition to the sellout crowd of 16,751 that came to the Summit in Houston, the game was broadcast to more than 165 countries.
I had been told to arrive at the studio in Los Angeles dressed and primped as though I were going out for dinner, and the show's makeup people would then TV-ize me.
Serve hot, warm or tepid.
Mr. Shays said that President Richard M. Nixon's tapes of White House conversations convicted him but that the recordings ''vindicate'' Mr. Gingrich.
The blankets were in the overhead racks, the F.A.A.-required emergency slide had been attached to the galley door, and even the curtain over the galley entrance had been hung, but somehow, there were no coffee makers.
After graduating from Brooklyn College, she attended New York University Law School, where she graduated at the top of her class.
To Parcells, having a timeout to stop the clock is apparently more important than challenging a disputed call, especially with no assurance of having it reversed.
The painting, a mass of white blooms on a green background, was hanging in her Paris residence when she died.
He had to be carried off the floor, although X-rays taken yesterday were negative.
He certainly did not foresee that the first footage he shot, before the camera even left his apartment, would be repeatedly viewed -- without fondness but certainly with intense interest -- by strangers like Federal Bureau of Investigation agents, lawyers and, most recently, jurors in a trial now unfolding in a Brooklyn courtroom.
It is impossible to fit the Lee nomination into either of those categories.
''But the reality of business is that a small independent bookstore would be hard-pressed to find a space.''
When he arrived in New York two years ago, Dr.
The new Tuscan Oven restaurant on Route 124 in Vista features the same extensive selection of top-producer labels from Italy as its sister establishment in Mount Kisco.
SUCOFF TRIBUTE Herbert Sucoff, the co-founder and executive director of the Sea Cliff Chamber Players who died on Dec. 17, will be remembered in a memorial concert Saturday at Tilles Center in Brookville.
The Forum's financial woes sent Mr. Barbour overseas in search of help from a Hong Kong businessman, Ambrose Tung Young, an Asian agent for several commercial aviation companies.
In the process, considerable upgrading has taken place.
$(A20.$) British Airways' Tail Feathers British Airways sought to break from the copycat pattern of the airline industry, introducing a new look for its aircraft that includes about 50 different tail-fin designs from artists around the world.
Some say the Reagan Building will save the Government money because $2.2 billion has been spent in rent in the last 60 years to house the Federal offices that will move there.
And be more certain than ever that they have nothing to fear except the admiration of their fellow citizens.
Greg Rusedski pulled out of the event because of a right hamstring injury and was replaced by Thomas Muster, an alternate who promptly lost to Carlos Moya, 6-2, 6-3.
From 1989 to 1995, the company operated a 100-bed detention center in Rosedale, Queens, which closed at the end of the company's contract with the I.N.S.
Our students are spending only 42 percent studying core academic subjects.
What bothers me is that I can't remember the sound of her voice.
He suffered a cracked left front hoof when finishing fourth in the Preakness, and raced in the Belmont with a fiberglass patch covering the crack.
He is in China and could not be reached.
But this is what's best for the Nets.''
STORY OF MAGIC Centuries of Deception A&E, Sunday night at 8 Bob Jaffe, executive producer; Rick Davis and Jim Steinmeyer, producers; Don Cambou, supervising producer; Michael E. Katz, executive producer for A&E.
''This doesn't change the landscape because there already was stratification,'' said David Robertson, president of the Nilson Report.
As I was rediscovering some I had seen on earlier visits, a youngish man in clerical garb walked up to ask if I wanted to see his favorite.
Quality day care starts at about $75 a week.
Mrs. Clinton has not been denied lawyer-client privilege; rather, she has tried to claim a client relationship to which she is not entitled.
''The large toy manufacturers want to leave the Toy Center, but the small companies need New York,'' said Stevanne Auerbach, an independent consultant who evaluates toys.
and Construcciones Aeronauticas S.A. of Spain.
Ms. Silver said, ''Make it known,'' said the Rev.
Mr. Gopal was Prodigy's chief technology officer.
''If I wanted to assault him, I could have done so.''
While the United States and Canada have generated the big money, and the United States and Mexico the big political battles, the third connection of the North American Free Trade Agreement -- Canada and Mexico -- has gone generally unnoticed.
But that obviously isn't going to work out.''
Thereafter, though, reformers will enter uncharted territory.
But in a news conference later, Zachary W. Carter, the United States Attorney in Brooklyn, whose office prosecuted the case, said there could be no more Federal prosecutions in the case because the Federal statute of limitations had run out.
Visiting McManus Funeral Home, 2001 Flatbush Ave, Brooklyn, Tuesday, 2-5 and 7-9 PM.
His father and stepmother, Dorothy, live part time in Southampton, where the artist has a studio and where Mitchell Lichtenstein has been going since he was a boy.
''The thing with Michael and the Bulls is that you've got to get over the mystique,'' Gill added.
I think in the short term, the picture's pretty good.
State Theater, 15 Livingston Avenue, New Brunswick.
New York Local Government Assistance Corp., $198.7 million of refunding bonds.
''My intention is to continue as chairman,'' he said at the news conference.
''He's a good fighter,'' said Jones.
She is a vice president at Samco Properties, a real estate management company in New York.
While it is true that many of us believe that Moses got the rules from God and yet do not follow them in all respects, we have made learning a tradition and a way of life.
The I.R.A., in an Easter message in the Irish weekly An Phoblacta, its mouthpiece, said it was determined to end British rule in Northern Ireland, and singled out Mr. Major for attack.
The scope of the further withdrawals, and the issues still to be negotiated -- Jerusalem, borders, Jewish settlements -- are expected to raise at least as many passions and crises as Hebron or the withdrawal dates.
''People get frustrated because they don't know how to follow the maze of the political system,'' said Elizabeth Larson, who runs the Voices project.
The Zagat 1997 New York City Restaurant Survey puts the price of an average meal at Harry Cipriani at $58.
Red Sox 10, Orioles 1 Tom Gordon, rebounding from two bad starts in three games, pitched a four-hitter and Boston beat Baltimore at Fenway Park.
Of these victims, one was Silvia Ruotolo, a young mother gunned down in front of her son last summer when she got caught in a crossfire in a middle class Naples neighborhood.
Of Andy Warhol, who never removed his gloves and never said a word, motioning with his hands to indicate the number of photographs he needed.
Even as she placed a wreath at the garden and wore a saffron dress, the sacred color for Sikhs and Hindus, Prince Philip could be heard on the sidelines belittling the death toll claimed by India.
With the Congressional election of Fabian Alarcon as Interim President, a flamboyant and unpredictable leader nicknamed El Loco, or madman, has been replaced by his virtual opposite: a consummate deal-maker known as El Bailarin, the dancer.
Pitcher Orel Hershiser, like Vizquel and Thome, will never forget what the teams featuring Belle ultimately accomplished: lifting Cleveland from decades of noncontention.
Martin yelled back, they exchanged more harsh words, then took their confrontation to the trainer's room, where Martin slammed his fist into a tub of ice and splattered ice water all over Gabe Paul, the club president and an innocent bystander.
Corn futures jumped despite expectations for increased fall production and at a time when harvesting is currently in full swing, which usually causes prices to tumble.
GRABER-Anna Rose on February 18, 1997.
Warm the oil in a large casserole over medium heat.
Only abundant data could bring the range of individual variation to light.
Helen Hennessy Vendler grew up in Boston, in a world permeated by the church, suffused with the language of the daily Latin mass.
- the descriptive writing is quite good and different, too.''
Its management is tight-lipped about its plans.
Mr. Murdock and three friends, who were charged with burglary, climbed a 12-foot-high barbed wire fence to enter the building and play hide-and-seek, said Jim Solomons, a sheriff's spokesman.
The rowhouses were comfortable but not pretentious, but the developers recognized their unique position -- each riverfront house had an oriel window facing the water.
From an all-time high of $850 an ounce in 1980, when inflation was raging and paper currency was losing its value, gold slid quickly to below $400 an ounce by 1982 and has more or less remained there.
From the floor of the Luk Yu, Mr. Pang has observed the seasons of life, as reflected in the shifting clientele.
Generally, a company can notify the Securities and Exchange Commission that it is taking a stake in another company for investment purposes and can later amend the filing to pursue a takeover campaign.
In the release, he explained that the system in which the pawn shop forms are processed was not fully automated, resulting in a backlog of information.
Because he's not a liberal.
Thus, companies that own stock in other companies will have to absorb more risk to get the tax break.
The Knicks' youngest player is Allan Houston, at 26.
I know how much it will mean to our city and those fans if we take it all the way.''
The woman said to the man, ''I just feel like you don't appreciate me, like you don't want to take time for me anymore.''
A13 Army Policy on Sex Misconduct At a hearing, several senators expressed skepticism about the Army's ''zero tolerance'' policies toward sexual misconduct a day after a 22-year Army veteran accused the Army's top-ranking enlisted soldier of sexually assaulting her.
There is no reason to think that 1997 will be another 1929.
You will forever be in our hearts.
Mr. Caputo jokes that he is going to be home on New Year's Eve 1999 because he would not want to be on an airplane, or even in a hotel, when the computers start to crash.
On the Avenue of the Americas, a traffic enforcement officer said a woman had tripped over one of the obstacles yesterday and had to be hospitalized.
Having made his Ranger debut on Feb. 29, 1988, Leetch is the senior Ranger.
offices in Greensboro, N.C., and other cities.
It may still be the greatest story ever told, but it is no longer the only one.
Apple's shares fell in heavy trading yesterday, closing down 43.75 cents, to $13.25.
Mr. Sodders said William initially denied involvement in the shooting.
Johnson & Higgins, a 152-year-old insurance giant that worked with little fanfare to arrange coverage for America's biggest corporations, is no more.
Familiarity breeds contempt, which may be why old-fashioned wax begonias are so seldom used in modern gardens.
The victims were girls, two of them 15 and the other 14.
MacTavish applied for the coaching job at Hartford, the Rangers' top farm team in the American Hockey League.
The Federal Aviation Administration ordered its controllers in New York, Washington and Jacksonville, Fla., to restudy those same rules.
Last fall, Mexico passed legislation aimed at imposing new reporting and other requirements on banks here, and Mexican officials are now writing regulations that will spell out the details of the new laws.
But both men also pledged to discuss confidence-building measures in addition to the nonaggression pact.
She learned to work with the vandals.
It has taken two players to replace him: place-kicker Neal Kravitz and the freshman punter Ryan Kiernan.
Other nations legislate rather than litigate, said Eric LeGresley, legal counsel for the Non-Smokers' Rights Association in Canada.
Opinion polls consistently indicate that the most popular politician in the country is not Mr. Kohl but Gerhard Schroder, the Governor of Lower Saxony.
The instructor, Michael Costello, 42, of Mount Dora, Fla., was killed.
Ms. Higbie, who once worked as a designer for Harry Winston, now has her own home studio in Manhattan.
Even before becoming executive director of the commission he had helped generate political support for the American Indian Religious Freedom Act of 1978, which recognized Indian religious practices, including the use of peyote in Southwestern rituals, and the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978, which requires that Indian orphans or children taken from neglectful parents be placed in Indian homes.
Around the table, there is Marge Weinrich, a Fair Lawn, N.J., homemaker with two grown children, married to a retired firefighter.
They were said to have counted and stashed the money at an apartment at 243 West 75th Street.
Selig had always been able to get his friend to toe the line.
In dozens of interviews conducted in the past two days in cities around the country, support for the teamsters came through strongly, though many people backed U.P.S.
This required some new thinking about movement, Dr. Llinas said.
Even ''Company B,'' the Taylor 1991 megahit set to recordings by the Andrews Sisters, was given a terrifically sharp edge that was epitomized by Thomas Patrick's show-stopping solo as the bugle boy of Company B.
The following morning, she picked up a Chicago newspaper to discover that Michael Jordan (female consumers, take note) was just as clearly judging her.
Son Sen and his wife of being ''spies of Hun Sen, who has ordered them to destroy us.''
She is seduced by the boss and becomes pregnant.
Instead, Mr. Ebbers explains, they will be purchasing different levels of capacity, or bandwidth, on an integrated network that can handle all three.
''There's no room for complications.
''God gave us the world's most beautiful land,'' intones Mr. Khashchevatsky, the narrator.
The island's downtown streets did suffer, though.
Cincinnati threatened in the fifth, sixth and seventh innings, and each time Clark found a way out.
The House voted on Tuesday night to postpone the effective date 90 days until July 8.
I actually thought he was returning my calls.''
She can make a difference, especially for people who've had hardships under Giuliani.''
She called the award a vindication of 23 years of court battles on behalf of the inmates, many now dead, who were brutalized after state troopers and guards stormed Attica Correctional Facility, 30 miles east of Buffalo, and quelled the uprising on Sept. 13, 1971.
Concerts begin at 7:30 P.M. on Wednesday at Sacred Heart Church in Bloomfield, Thursday at the Lincoln Theater in West Hartford and Friday at the Glastonbury High School (860-244-2999).
''I believe he was misled.''
''She assured us that her people were properly trained and had been doing this for years, and she was quite confident they could handle it.''
Mr. Menotti knows what audiences already know; his musical command of conventional gestures -- dread, love and violence -- and his ability to lay them out in digestible sequence truly astonishes.
But in the back of their minds, they didn't doubt him.
A state proposal to restructure the Consolidated Edison Company does not do enough to introduce competition into what is now a monopoly market for electric power, an administrative judge said in a report released today.
The elderly are considered a health factor, but no one is paying attention to their cultural and educational needs.
But trouble had already begun.
Fittings are painstaking, exhaustive and stretched over not just months, but years.
Mrs. Whitman scored higher on education.
When Michael Owen Gotkin read last month that Donald J. Trump planned to turn the once-glamorous St. Moritz Hotel on Central Park South into luxury condominiums and was considering sheathing the pre-World War II masonry building in one of his signature glitzy bronze and glass facades, Mr. Gotkin's first reaction was surprise, followed by shock, followed by anger.
''We all wish we were living in 1955.''
In the last nine years, the number of conferences listed in The Guide to Writers' Conferences, published on the Internet by Shaw Guides Inc. (http://www.shawguides.com) has nearly doubled, to about 1,000.
Milwaukee has particular interest in Everett while the Boston Red Sox and Kansas City like McRae.
In the bowl of an electric mixer, cream together the butter, honey, sugar, salt and liquor.
Addressing adult uneasiness about and around teen-agers, she shifts the terms of the debate from angry reproach to provocative compassion: ''The best way I've found to personally confirm the sociological studies of rolelessness is to ask older men to talk about their life histories.''
''We're just going to keep playing hard and then we're going to Buffalo for the conference tournament and we'll see what happens there.''
Not usually a guy who flounders with his syntax, he blamed his failure to attend on ''a situation that arised.''
It is very difficult to figure exactly who and what he is, and the reason, I suspect, is that he did not know himself.
July's home resales, the realtors' report showed, left 2.13 million on the market, a six-month supply at the latest sales pace, down from 6.8 months as recently as May.
''But this is temporary help.
Concord said it had filed a suit in Federal District Court in Manhattan to prevent Fuji from terminating the agreement next Tuesday.
Advising aspiring singers about their place on the stage, she commands: ''Use it.
He is scheduled to rejoin the Knicks today in Cleveland.
The industrial-retail park, which under the zoning can contain up to 1.3 million square feet, is part of a one-square-mile Economic Development Zone designated in 1987 and scheduled to expire in 2004.
''Let me tell you something,'' she told reporters.
''The Israeli occupation has deprived the Palestinians of the right to act according to the principles of Islam,'' he said in a gentle whisper.
The featured pianist this week is 14-year-old Amanda Von Goetz of Mendham, winner of the orchestra's Young Artists Competition, in Saint-Saens's charming Second Concerto, which is enjoying a well-deserved comeback.
Would we beef up our own military?
For others it is a hairstyle suggesting that they don't care, when in fact they care very much about appearances in the realm of being cool.
Matrix, a long-distance phone service company in Fort Worth, with more than 250,000 customers, expects to take in revenue of $60 million this year.
He is having the time of his life in the role of the unspoiled spoiler.
I don't have to defend myself to Keyshawn Johnson.
A third ticket stub was illegible.
Mr. Jama, a 28-year-old Somali, was granted political asylum nearly two years ago, but the Government did not notify him of that fact until last month.
They are also resentful that Washington did not somehow freeze the world as it was in 1992, while they tried to reorder their society.
''I couldn't get into the Anne Parillaud character.
If we told people we were going back to subsistence life, there would be a revolution.''
The broad expectation is that he will be deported to Jordan.
Mr. Borkovec said he discounted a recent poll commissioned by the Czech Ministry of Foreign Affairs that showed a level of support exceeding 50 percent.
One reflection of that is the rush by districts and states across the country to come up with report cards and other measurements of how individual schools and entire districts are doing.
But the ravioli was falling behind schedule.
Mr. Rabin's father, Yitzhak Rabin, was a member of that Government.
For Yale, as for other universities, this is hardly a new script: rich, headstrong alumnus wants to tell college how to spend the money he wants to give.
This one contains old corporate letterheads with delicately engraved pictures of the company buildings.
contributed $1.5 million to a get-out-the-vote effort by Citizen Action, a liberal grass-roots group, as part of an effort, proposed by Mr. Carey's aides, to get longtime donors to Citizen Action to give tens of thousands of dollars to Mr. Carey's campaign.
''But we have to be realistic with the budget we've been given.
adding, ''Did your team win?''
Believe it or not, Groucho manages to make even that repartee funny.
There, on a small stage meant for clowns or magicians or other performers who can keep children entertained, was Johnnie Billington, a 70-ish guitarist who was accompanied on a rolling electric blues song by a 12-year-old bass player and a drummer who looked even younger.
Her life is governed by a reductive Cartesian equation: I play tennis, therefore I am.
49ers, 26-10 Atlanta (5-8) at San Diego (4-9) The Falcons have begun to turn the corner, winning on the road and at home and playing tough defense.
Revenue increased slightly to $13.38 billion from $13.23 billion.
''It is temporary,'' she said.
Still, too much of ''Truman Capote'' is fluff, a compulsive indulgence that leaves you feeling both guilty for enjoying it and unsatisfied with its import.
Foes of regulation say that the broad social goal would be better accomplished by a freer market, which they say would increase the housing supply, loosen the rental market, and improve existing housing through greater investment.
It is true that the Jets and Giants were victimized by what surely appeared to be poor calls by the referees, calls that altered the games.
Mr. Mattern is survived by his wife of 38 years, Virginia Kingswood Vogel Mattern; three daughters, Heather Siderman of Sherborn, Mass., Candice Webster of West Tisbury, Mass., and Jennifer Mattern of Boulder, Colo.; a son, W. Gray 3d, of St. Petersburg, Fla., and six grandchildren.
But when has the inability of Government to do something stifled a politician from speaking out?
Similar complaints were made in internal immigration service reports from Boston, Phoenix, Los Angeles and other major cities.
PITTSBURGH PENGUINS -- Assigned D Sven Butenschon to Syracuse of the AHL.
But this is my work.
Bishop Fan, 79, spent 20 years in prison for refusing to join the official church.
ABC -- The premise of an elaborate campaign for the ABC television network, owned by the Walt Disney Company, is sound: send up those strangely interrelated feelings of pleasure and guilt that most Americans derive from watching TV.
Cherished grandfather of Allison, Bradley and Eleni.
And in making the villains (Olek Krupa, Rya Kihlstedt, Lenny Von Dohlen, and David Thornton) buffoonish caricatures of television spies, the movie deftly spoofs a technological mystique that Alex's ingenious homemade defenses puncture again and again.
Mr. Penn says the goal of the group, which will meet about every two weeks over the next few months, is to draft new legislation, ''hopefully with some teeth,'' that will enhance public safety while not interfering with the pursuit of criminals by the police.
* Sandy Drayton, public relations director at Entertainment Weekly magazine, New York, part of the Time Inc. unit of Time Warner Inc., was promoted to director for promotion and public affairs.
Mr. Just's provenance is in journalism and politics.
The production company is the Play Group Theater of White Plains, specializing in works for children and young adults.
On in 6, he salvaged a triple-bogey 7.
Joe action figures still sell.
''In a city full of signs, we believe this is a medium worth exploring.
For the first time since early 1981, the average car costs less than half a year's pretax income for the average American family, according to Comerica, the biggest bank in Michigan.
But the Mets' immediate options are somewhat limited.
Toast of the Town Vienna awarded the violinist and conductor Yehudi Menuhin its Golden Medal of Honor yesterday.
For the half-million dollars that Disney is forking over to the city for police and sanitation overtime, Medy Langman could put on five parades.
''If I could have one pitch back,'' Jones said, ''it would be that one to Hamilton.''
A player does not want to waste stones attacking a group that is invulnerable, or defending one that is doomed.
A rule is a rule.
But investors have fair warning that it is going to be a wild ride.
The ship sailed from Fort Lauderdale, Fla., late Saturday for Madeira, off Portugal.
In fact, on all sides, the same parties and often even the same leaders who held power when the war began are in charge or exerting influence behind the scenes today.
Mr. Kaczynski is charged with mailing or delivering four explosive devices with intent to kill.
Back came a tepid response to a manuscript written by Mr. Leiber, the creator of ''Love Potion'': a tentative order of 1,200 copies.
It fell by as much as 114 points at one point late in the session.
Still, there is a commonly shared view that the East-West divide that isolated the old Bolshoi and pampered its stars is gone now -- for better and for worse.
IN some cases, abusive trusts take years to unravel.
''I don't think Antioco's departure will delay the timing of the spinoff,'' said Andrew J. Conway, a beverage analyst for Morgan Stanley & Company.
John Rewald is probably best known for his widely translated histories of Impressionism and Post-Impressionism, which remain basic books on the subjects more or less half a century after they were published.
Their empanadas are crusty golden rectangles enclosing chopped beef, caramelized onions and slices of hard-boiled egg white.
George Steinbrenner said yesterday that a contract extension for Joe Torre is imminent and he praised the manager of his World Series champion Yankees by adding that he has never been as comfortable with any of his 13 previous managers.
A similarly significant though less spectacular blossoming is taking place in SoHo, as Tocca, Marc Jacobs, Jussara Lee and Rene Lezard open boutiques.
Salt cod had been a staple for both the French and British Navies; it was the food of slavery, and the Catholic peasant's Friday dinner.
But now the flood has thrown his planned rotation into chaos: he has no idea when any of his fields will be suitable for seeding.
Prices have been low recently, but industry analysts expect a climb this year.
Mr. Jobs has also continued to negotiate with Apple clone makers.
Voluntary part-time work as a share of total employment has grown only 0.3 percent since 1970.
Burritos Creep North With Mexican Takeout Diner Two brothers originally from the Bronx, Don and Ken Sofer, have been at opposite ends of the restaurant business.
Free (donation asked); (902) 224-2170.
''I noticed a real change occurred around 1850,'' said Mr Simon.
In five official at-bats, Hairston, who also drew two walks, got two hits, giving him a career batting average of .400, or as he liked to put it, ''higher than Ty Cobb's.''
Church, Hampton Bays, LI, 3-5 and 7-9 PM.
Like Mr. Kosmowski, Mr. Cielas had come from Pisz, also in 1986, and he, too, had left behind a wife.
The three-drug cocktail costs nearly $12,000 a year -- a sum that is beyond the reach of Mr. Figueroa, an unemployed 33-year-old printer who recently moved here from Washington, leaving his health insurance behind.
's are tax-deferred, not tax-free, income taxes at rates from 15 percent to 39.6 percent will be due on some or all of the money when it is distributed or inherited.
As for Duncan, he just wanted to go out and earn something.
''I had a heart attack, I lost my business and my husband left me,'' said a member of the crowd, Cecilia Rene.
The Infernos play dance music.
But in New York, both Mr. Pataki and Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani have emphasized work over other activities.
''And I believe it goes beyond Venezuela,'' he said.
''We are still investigating it right now to see if it applies to us,'' Mr. Hofer said.
That was in 1986, and it was enough to stop the construction.
If only a few shingles are defective, they can be replaced; but if there are large sections of flawed shingles, the roof should be reshingled.
FRESH BLOOD (Do-Not/Dufour, paper, $13.95), an anthology of noir fiction by young genre Turks, edited by Mike Ripley and Maxim Jakubowski, is a terrific introduction to these articulate and unpredictable voices.
''Americans like the variety, the convenience and the prices.
Forty miles west of London, we seemed to have slipped back three centuries.
While Le Shuttle gives discounts and special rates (a recent offer for same-day round-trip tickets, for instance, cost just $26.30), they aren't the steep discounts the ferries have occasionally resorted to in the last few years -- at times dipping as low as $1.75 round trip.
INTERNATIONAL A3-12 De Klerk Quits Party And Resigns From Politics Former South African President F. W. de Klerk, who negotiated an end to apartheid, said he was resigning from the National Party, South Africa's leading opposition party, and retiring from politics.
''He toyed with closing in winter ball,'' Ash said.
The middle school, for grades 6 through 8, emphasizes an interdisciplinary curriculum.
If you look at the individual cases all the time, it would be too much.''
He will be remembered by a show opening Sept. 19 at the Urban Center.
Schubert's 200th birthday celebrations continue in Reisinger Hall at Sarah Lawrence College in Yonkers as Cynthia Powell leads the Sarah Lawrence Chorus and Orchestra in the Mass in G. The free program tonight at 8 includes Vaughan Williams's ''Serenade to Music'' and selections from Meredith Monk's opera ''Atlas.''
For now, though, the tax intricacies weigh heavier on some of the would-be donors.
Ms. Woodward, 19, who is under orders from a state judge to stay in Massachusetts during her appeals, has been doing some filing work at the Silverglate & Good law firm.
''But now there is absolutely no difference between the original and the copy -- you have removed the disadvantage.''
''She grew up mostly on the streets,'' Mr. Perez said.
Private services were held on December 30, 1996.
It also includes some diet recipes taken from the Nicholson book, complete with calorie and fat counts.
In fact, the first thing Mr. Gravano said to John Gleeson, the Federal prosecutor in the Gotti case, at that pivotal moment when he was crossing over, was, ''I want to switch governments.''
Michael Clark, a vice president at Wu Wear, first stumbled on Ms. Sloane's work on a visit to Bad Boy.
Pettitte could win 20 games, but the recharged Cone needs to show that he is the gutsy pitcher from Game 3 of the World Series.
Hundreds of protesters, spectators and reporters converged on Huntsville.
''Has it been a good marriage?''
His brother is a Baptist minister whose Staten Island congregation encompasses whites, blacks and people from the Indian subcontinent.
He is chairman of the Association for a Better New York, and has a long history of public-spirited works, like raising money to buy thousands of bulletproof vests for police officers.
Beloved mother of Stephen and the late Doris, sister of Lynn, grandmother of Aaron and Judith, aunt of Carol, Diane, Alice, Blanche, Harvey, Lewis and Rosalind.
Past President of the Lake Ronkonkoma Historical Society.
Admission: zoo members, $6; nonmembers, $8.
Betty Kelly, a charter member of the association, will present a history of rug hooking after which Maggie McLea, a teacher and designer, will lead the tour.
To be included in the 12-team N.C.A.A.
All he was willing to say was, ''We've got a cocktail reception for 60 for a telecommunications firm; a life insurance company will be here at night.''
Kara A. Lobdell, a lawyer, and Boaz M. Shattan Jr., an investment banker, were married on Friday in New York.
Eliminating nonessential services will correct a great deal of Medicare's financial problems.
The Air Force said she told investigators that the relationship was platonic and that she disobeyed an order to stop seeing him.
Mr. Marciante's choice is Charles Wowkanech, secretary-treasurer of the A.F.L.-C.I.O., the organization's second-highest ranking official.
And he continues to push the limits of black-and-white photography by teasing black forms out of darkness.
On Wednesday, the first day of the competition, Ben Weiner was one of many people to E-mail a proposed addition to the Updike opener.
''I started placing distance between me and all these things,'' he said.
''All those lights, they just give me a headache.''
''Right now, he's a professional athlete,'' Rick Kaplan, a Raptors spokesman, said.
''You could have somebody get hurt warming up.
Even people who describe themselves as experienced investors have been taken by New York con artists.
This happens to be the very same branch of mathematics on which Albert Einstein had based his theory of general relativity, which described gravitation as the warped geometry of space-time and ultimately led to the discovery of the expansion of the universe and black holes.
Impatience, excessive speed and lack of driver attentiveness result in 90 percent of all incidents on the span.
Disney Sues Fox Earlier this month, the Walt Disney Company sued Fox Sports West to keep Anaheim Mighty Ducks games on the Southern California regional sports network, not on its new spinoff, Fox Sports West 2.
Wintergreen and cinnamon are the ''least favorite'' among taffy fans, Mr. Glaser said, adding that he would never think of changing them.
Ms. Grimes, a 30-year resident of Pound Ridge, is publisher of The Irish Echo, a weekly newspaper based in Manhattan.
Initially, when reviewing the licensing deals, Apple had not intended to end cloning, Mr. Jobs said.
That can be important for playing state-of-the-art computer games, but it is far less important for a household like mine, which does mostly word processing, E-mail and Internet browsing.
But the monetary rewards lagged far behind, and with two small sons to rear, he decided to return home.
No loans have been approved even though the trade agreement took effect more than three years ago.
Because Mr. Dexter has written only 11 Morse novels, most of the episodes are original stories.
It took the jury two hours to find Mr. Coleman not guilty.
He had no communication with the White House, and Mr. Clinton never called him when the battle was over.
Mozart was inspired by Anton Stadler, Brahms by Richard Muhlfeld.
There is a greater gap between rich and poor.
52 EDITORIAL 22-23 Editorials: A more intimate volunteerism, giving birth at 63, Colombia's subtle censorship, a healthy apology.
As a result, he isn't walking around today with an ''I Love New York'' sticker on his forehead.
With a strong group of returning players, and a preseason No.
The informer ''was quite intoxicated'' and ''rambled on,'' a police report noted.
Serve hot or at room temperature.
''This is how dance is supposed to look -- natural, like, 'Oh, I'm inspired.
Superior Energy Services Inc., New Orleans, 6 million shares.
Amster Yard, the creative spinoff of McCann-Erickson Worldwide, a unit of Interpublic, was awarded the account after a two-month review that also included Teran TBWA in Mexico City, a unit of Omnicom Group.
The company shipped 50,000 copies to United States software retail stores at the end of September.
For all its lack of diplomacy, the remark starkly underscored the frustration many governors have felt with lawmakers' unabashed proclivity to spend.
But in Britain and Australia, news reports of nightmares, hallucinations and other neuropsychiatric side effects have created hostility to the drug and raised accusations that side effects have been played down.
Nancy Caroline Greenspan, a daughter of Joan Greenspan and Dr. Waldo Greenspan of River Edge, N.J., was married last evening to Dr. Lynn Deyo Wilson, the son of the late Dr. Marjorie P. Wilson and Lynn M. Wilson, who lived in Bethesda, Md.
One of the most difficult parts of his job, he said, is getting pet owners to see their dogs this way and not as little people.
Saying that officers had busted up four drug gangs that had long held sway over the neighborhood, Commissioner Safir said that police officers would now maintain 24-hour blockades on each end of the street, questioning all those who entered until the block was safe from drug dealers.
attendance after six games this year was 35 percent lower than it was after six games a year ago.
We grieve with the family on their loss.
A focus on the main brands helped the company bolster its profitability, said Jill Barad, Mattel's president and chief executive.
''It is a win-win-win for all the parties involved,'' Ms. Bronznick said.
He moved into an office in Schembechler Hall late last winter.
The former coach Mohammad Mayeli Kohan was fired last month, reportedly because he alienated players by stressing Islamic fundamentalism over soccer.
Yet none of the recent changes recognize that listeners hear with their eyes as well as their ears.
People honor books, wrapping them in brocades and setting them high in shelves in the monasteries.
Several thousand of them, flashing at a rate of about one a day, have been recorded by the observatory, which is orbiting Earth.
When I went to the banks for financing, they wanted to get my father or husband to co-sign the loan.''
In a television career which began in 1950, and spanned over twenty years, he was a pioneer in the industry directing many early dramatic shows including ''The Web'', ''Danger'', and ''The Front Page''.
Mr. Helms, along with other conservative Republicans, has opposed the treaty, arguing that it would not rein in rogue states including Iraq, which have not signed it.
Mr. Malka's relatives went to Sammy's grave this morning and then took the first steps toward resuming their normal lives.
Wearing a turban doesn't make a Sikh any less an American or a human being; Sikhs should be given the respect they deserve.
Deborah Marks was born and raised in Red Bank and came back after four years away to live and start her own business, DD Business Forms.
''Writing things down,'' he observes, ''was the only way I understood how to be heard, there being so many women in my mother's house at various times, talking.''
If this doesn't solve the problem, it's replacement time.
Auden once observed that before there was writing there had to be noticing.
Among the dance productions will be the British premiere of ''Fuenteovejuna,'' choreographed by Antonio Gades, and performed by the Compania Antonio Gades, a Spanish company of 35 dancers, singers and musicians, from May 6 to 10 at the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall; and ''Les Ballets Africains'' by the National Dance Company of the Republic of Guinea, from May 19 to 24 at the King's Theater.
Williams motored for third and never looked at the third-base coach, Willie Randolph, who signaled for him to stop.
'It Didn't Work' Hard hat donned, I joined a tour with about 10 others, one adult and some teen-agers who had clearly come together.
The infection that brought Mr. Roemer to Georgetown University Medical Center for the last time was toxoplasmosis, which caused lesions on his brain.
He worked for the Islanders for 11 years, the last five as an assistant general manager.
Others challenge Mr. Potanin's business acumen.
They began a drive that took them into the fourth quarter and ended in a 1-yard dive for a score by Faulk.
A Congressional conference committee restored $6 million for maintenance of Governor's Island to a budget bill yesterday, averting a chance the historic site in New York Harbor could have been abandoned.
Gary Payton felt Jordan's wrath last year.
Those scenes sum up the contrasts in the first Congressional contest of 1998, a Jan. 13 special election in the diverse 22d Congressional District, which snakes 100 miles up the central California coast through vineyards, ranches, beach towns and Vandenberg Air Force Base along the old colonial Camino Real.
The original 50-year lease would have expired this year but was extended to 2015.
Although it may appear solid, bone is really a tissue that is constantly being broken down and built up.
Holyfield refused to take the blame for the head butt, saying today that a left hook opened Tyson's wound and that Tyson, afraid of a second punch, then lowered his head into Holyfield's.
''When the clock turns to 8, I become a business person,'' he said.
by holding scores of rallies at U.P.S.
Analysts said SBC had generated the most consistently robust growth of any of the regional Bell companies.
A rattletrap bus transported us about a half hour from the bottom of the mountain to Windwalker Ranch, where we bundled into open red sleighs pulled by teams of broad-backed Percherons and driven by laconic cowboys.
New Yorkers and tourists will be able to dress Tuscan, in shirts, jackets, pants and vests in cotton, corduroy, velvet and raw silk, and decorate Tuscan, with porcelain and ceramics, herbed candles, bath oils and salts, wicker baskets and other items of cane, straw and raffia, and flatware with pewter, cypress, olive-wood, horn and bone handles.
In ''Broken English,'' an impassioned, offbeat film from New Zealand by Gregor Nicholas, these are the Croatian Capulets, and their Juliet is a reckless, wanton beauty.
Under state law, the Regents can remove trustees who misuse their power but can take no action against administrators.
That's the reality of it.
He said that in coming weeks he would present proposals on other issues, like lower property taxes, expanded economic development programs to create more jobs in the state's cities, and better schools.
Their passion for gilding came about as a result of a trip to Scotland to research Whistler for a book Mr. Adair was writing on the history of frames.
At a May 27 board meeting, Mr. Badillo introduced a resolution, which the presidents and I saw for the first time, requiring all CUNY community college students to pass the freshman assessment test -- a requirement already in place at Hostos.
''Obviously, we're three behind in the loss column with a much more difficult schedule,'' Van Gundy said, referring to Miami's division lead.
Lukas has had a horse in every Derby since 1981, but he appeared to be out of this year's race when the owner of the filly Sharp Cat preferred to run her in Friday's Kentucky Oaks.
The Continucare Corporation has sold 2,250,000 shares of newly issued common stock, representing 19.5 percent of current outstanding shares, to a fund managed by Soros Fund Management L.L.C.
Mr. Furstenberg found his inspiration in what he saw whenever he traveled: hand-held wrapped breads sold on the streets.
Few people were in a talkative mood yesterday at the Sound View Houses in the Bronx, where on Thursday afternoon two men were slain and three others were wounded by gunfire that disrupted a traditional Thanksgiving football game.
But after hearing a Beethoven concert by the Budapest String Quartet, he decided to pursue his musical studies more seriously, and in 1938 he enrolled at the Ecole Normale de Musique in Paris, where he studied with Nadia Boulanger.
''Before we went into production, we talked about preserving the special aura that Ed and I have,'' she said.
The money was expected to be in the appropriations bill for the Interior Department.
This time of year there is almost always an apple crisp (it's good for sharing) and creme brulee.
seized control of public housing in Chicago from the city's Housing Authority because of its abysmal management record.
Skip Humphrey offers a return to his father's Great Society, with government as a beneficent, big-stick solver of people's problems.
The overall look will be ''Hudson River style,'' he added, with steeply pitched roofs and large bay windows.
A11 Israeli Leader Faces Challenges Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu left Israel for a two-day visit to Russia.
Despite the steamroller hype, though, this manufactured ''event'' is full of double messages.
And even some intrepid New Yorkers suffer panic attacks or phobic sensations in certain situations.
''But I'll get another chance,'' Gilliam said.
''I've got some problems in the States, so I came down here to hang for a while.''
This short trip was to its fans and team members a hoped-for return to winning ways.
A judge in Mayaguez, Puerto Rico, lifted a restraining order yesterday against former Red Sox outfielder Wilfredo Cordero, a week after his wife claimed he had threatened her.
He had been national advertising sales manager at Major League Baseball, New York.
I kept telling Walfer, 'He's got to love it; you just can't throw him up there if he doesn't love it.'
Companies now make their biggest and their easiest money on dead composers whose works still bear copyrights.
The real Stonehenge, in England, may be the world's most famous monolith complex, but it is far from the one and only.
Leetch has been saying that management should not be hasty in sending people packing, which is a nice sentiment.
To retrieve my voice mail remotely, I have to pass through three verifications, which requires me to push 50 buttons.
Without hesitation, Stephens named the 1984 winner.
I hope prospective parents realize that custody battles and angry adoptees like Ms. Marangos are rare.
I wrote them down and I drew them.
His coast-to-coast party, ''A Capitol Fourth,'' is as American as the holiday, its performers a familiar mix of the mainstream, and its selections, from ''West Side Story'' to ''Semper Fidelis,'' a carefully chosen tip of the hat to the musical theater and the band shell.
She graduated from Gettysburg College.
His ''Color Studies'' are squares made of parallel bands of color and recall the various ''Homages to the Square'' of Josef Albers, but with the revved-up tonalities associated with Op Art.
''MOTHER GOOSE MUSICAL,'' a play performed by the Bill Solly Children's Theater about Mother Goose's fight to save her farm.
Scientists once thought that cloning was biologically impossible -- now that they know it can be done, they need to learn how to do it better.
The index had fallen to 17,529.05, its lowest since Jan. 28, in the morning session.
Four hours after Wallace crossed the finish line, Nascar officials announced that they had taken the engine from his Ford Thunderbird for ''failing to meet compression ratio specifications.''
The conversion is now also cluttered by trainees, so that multiple teams will be ready to convert multiple planes.
The program will be repeated on Monday night at Dance Theater, 219 West 19th Street, Chelsea.
After much controversy that view eventually prevailed, the penitentiary was emptied and the remnants of this failed social experiment were almost lost.
Some speculated that the relative luxuriousness of our hotel boded extremely rough conditions ahead; Ian called it our last hygiene stop.
''Our Saturday admissions have ranged from 250 to 300 in the winters, and up to 2,200 in the summer, much higher than we anticipated.
George E. Pataki said he would pressure the State Legislature to reconsider proposals next year to legalize gambling in parts of the state.
Rights groups have called it a crucial test of Turkey's willingness to pursue allegations of torture, and a German diplomat was in the crowded courtroom today.
Sure there were things to worry about -- double-decker tourist buses that insisted on coming too close for comfort, for instance.
The next great American miler started out playing high school football in Cadillac, Mich.
So I've always thought this was a stage in the life cycle, whereas people in classical medicine didn't feel quite the same way.
But as the ultimate defender of the nation against outside enemies, the Army is a unique institution, one whose ultimate purpose is not to be fair to its members but to kill enemy soldiers, as many of them as possible, and that task inevitably involves getting killed as well.
(+) 3 31 INTO THE WILD, by Jon Krakauer.
Ms. Lyden writes: ''I knew my sisters and I were growing up like bumper cars, in an arcade -- the brakes applied harshly and erratically here, and no brakes or direction at all there, and all the time spinning around and hitting the edges.
Administration officials today called Ms. Soderberg's attendance at the dinner ''appropriate.''
ANDREW WHEAT Austin, Tex., Feb. 22, 1997
A year later Mr. Mitterrand was head of state, and Mr. Jospin found himself running the Socialist Party machinery -- and making enemies among rivals who hoped one day to succeed Mr. Mitterrand as its real leader.
staff wants the commission to lodge a complaint of unfair advertising against R. J. Reynolds Tobacco, charging that its Joe Camel advertisements are intended to lure children into smoking.
''Even if we do hit water,'' he said, ''we'll build a culvert, which is like a sewer.''
She is intensely attentive to detail and seems to have endless curiosity.
Since the 1970's fiscal crisis, a few buckets of grass seed at sporadic intervals were about all the attention it got.
Crude oil rose yesterday after Iraq ordered the immediate expulsion of American arms inspectors in a dispute that could lead to a military confrontation in the Middle East.
''Now, they have representation, a mouthpiece who says that for them.''
Thus is the Heaven's Gate mass suicide already sliding toward its final reward, as a future answer on ''Jeopardy.''
When Dallas Green, his bitter predecessor, suggested this spring that Valentine is generally disliked in baseball circles, he was not exaggerating.
Remarking on the lab-supplied, experienced actors, designers and technicians -- luxuries for most young directors -- Ms. Mileaf added that the chance to work was best of all.
It includes the above-mentioned grisly touches.
The Democrats also decided to return $12,500 to Ai Hua Qi, who embarrassed White House aides by holding up a bottle of pills when she was photographed with him.
SEATTLE MARINERS--Declined to exercise their 1998 option on LHP Norm Charlton.
John Driscoll, the vice president for government programs for the Oxford Health Plan, said the company decided against expanding from New York City to Westchester and Rockland Counties because the Medicaid rates were far too low to justify the expansion.
The court's decision will permit research to continue when it is in the best interest of the child.
At the same time, ''violent crime in Managua and other cities is increasing, and street crimes are common,'' though no more so than in the U.S. Getting There The only daily nonstop service from the United States to Managua is from Miami, a two-and-a half-hour hop served by four carriers: American, Iberia, Lacsa and Nica; Continental flies nonstop from Houston three times a week.
In most versions of the story, her name was Daisy; in others it was Gwendolyn or Madeline.
The game itself was problematic for Mr. Kasparov from the start.
''Historically, this is the way the British make their chocolate.''
''If somebody walked in a couple of years ago and said they wanted a loan to build a house in the Hamptons, I would have said 'lots of luck,' '' Ms. Bitton said.
''I've been checked by guys who are bigger.
Inside, the cushion is supported by cylinders with air spaces between them.
Also chosen for the first time in the balloting by fans, players and coaches were Tampa Bay running back Warrick Dunn, the only rookie in the game, and his teammates Warren Sapp (defensive end), Mike Alstott (fullback), Derrick Brooks (linebacker), Trent Dilfer (quarterback) and Tony Mayberry (center).
''He looks like a solid player already.
He is the son of Constance B. von Maur of Mahwah, N.J., and Mr. von Maur Jr. of Ridgewood, N.J. His father is the owner of VM Media, a publisher's representative and a marketing company in Ridgewood.
Of course you can move that moon to a more artistically suitable spot in the sky, or excise nonpersons from group portraits.
The Jewish hot line is not for her.
Indeed, David Maraniss's biography of Bill Clinton, ''First in His Class'' (Simon & Schuster, 1995), quotes a political insider who as far back as 1970 envisioned a Democratic Presidential primary battle one day between two men: Bill Clinton and Jim Johnson.
The high-technology sector, the study reports, generated 6.2 percent of the nation's output of goods and services in 1996 and employed nearly 4.3 million people.
Or else the interviews have been edited to make the subjects look foolish.
Fans nationwide grumble about escalating costs for tickets, beer and bratwurst, but Atlanta leads the major leagues -- at $129.16 -- in the price of a family outing, according to league marketing reports and ticket costs.
When they get one, they both stop to clap.
He fought through jeers, taunts and mounds of muscle in the Knick front line to take control of the middle.
In autumn, they should strike up a bountiful crop of buds again.
LIKE Hong Kong until this month, this American-run outpost is a place living on borrowed time.
But the officials involved in the process, who spoke on condition of anonymity, warned that no final decisions had been made.
The Sun King had triumphal arches and monumental gazebos ''put up for parties, then taken down the next day, or left to fall apart,'' said Alan Salz, the gallery's director.
Now, a cook with a black belt in ''pulsing'' can administer shocks of agitation in such small doses that a creamed mixture will retain an infinitesimal crunch.
Age 75, of Westbury, N.Y. on March 10, 1997 after a long illness.
The company's A shares rose 6.26 cents yesterday, to $16.8125.
They indicted John and me for racketeering and obstruction of justice.
Race and HUMAN Evolution By Milford Wolpoff and Rachel Caspari.
August 1995 The Tee-Gar hits the market.
''When they are hit hard, they retreat back to the Congo, maybe retrain, and come back and so on.
But it also meant that he resides in a weird generational limbo.
Without ticketing, there can be no towing.
Since the company was founded in 1986, it has marketed the system in 12 metropolitan areas with serious auto theft problems -- Boston; Miami; Newark; Los Angeles; Chicago; Atlanta; Detroit; New York; Washington; Providence, R.I.; Tampa, Fla., and Norfolk, Va.
Mrs. Jablow was director of visual merchandising for Bloomingdale's from 1974 to 1976, design director of House Beautiful magazine from 1977 to 1978 and art director of L'Officiel magazine from 1982 to 1984.
Instead, it says that a person whose brain has stopped functioning can be defined as dead in cases where the patient has given prior consent to donate organs for transplant.
Edward Norton won for best supporting actor for his role in ''Primal Fear.''
It went public two weeks ago at $21.
''The debate is healthy,'' he said, sounding as if it might not be a tragedy if that debate went nowhere.
A political conservative with a strong base in Brooklyn's Orthodox Jewish communities, Mr. Hikind is a Democrat who often endorses Republican causes and candidates.
Impressive for a debut thriller, BEHOLD THE FIRE (Warner, $23) sees a lot of action and covers a lot of ideological ground without losing a grip on itself.
Pre-deceased by his wife Barbara, loving brother of Martha and Lucille, adored father of Lucy, Jessica and Alma and doctor, friend and helper to hundreds.
TAMPA BAY BUCCANEERS -- Signed WR Gregory Spann to a two-year contract.
Not unlike its ally, Mr. Giuliani, the institute is a conservative force come into some power in a liberal town, somewhat unorthodox, priding itself on pragmatism, fraternizing with the occasional Democrat and dismissing the labels invariably prefixed to its name.
''But before you march someone up to the guillotine in a trade or something, you have to look at the circumstances.
McCarty tied it with a power-play goal at 14:29.
Noel Gallagher shouted as a greeting in imitation of a song by Blur, a band that, several years ago, was caught up in an ugly war of words with Oasis in the British media.
His humor was unique & always contributed to the analysis of a critical situation.
The core purpose of the world trade accord is to prevent countries from adopting protectionist or discriminatory trade practices for commercial advantage.
REBOUNDS JOHN STARKS, who has been nursing a sprained ankle, has strep throat.
The building is to be ready for occupancy by September.
''The hand of Rudy Giuliani controls him,'' Mr. Livoti said.
IT looks like a scene from a wealthy suburban school: children in after-school programs, designing their own Web pages, developing photographs in a darkroom, learning computer skills, taking drum lessons or working on creative writing or video projects.
There is a few minutes of chat next to the dispatch room, and new crews arrive.
They ignore the much-publicized debate among Lubavitchers over whether the late Rebbe Menachem Mendel Schneerson was -- or is -- the Messiah.
Mother of Judith Brosler of Fairfield, CT., Hirsh Kolp of Los Angeles, CA., Hunna Walenta of Yorktown Heights, N.Y., and the late Lawrence Kolp.
If desired, users can book this travel; their tickets and a printed itinerary will be delivered overnight.
But I found myself constantly drawn back to the old warehouse buildings, in one of which I discovered The Lower Deck, a traditional maritime pub where a typical Halifax lunch consisting of a red net bag of steamed mussels and a locally brewed Keith's beer costs about $4.60, based on the rate of $1.33 Canadian to the dollar.
Dr. James P. Shenton, a professor of American history at Columbia University, senses a familiar animosity in the Rangers-Devils series.
CIRCLE LINE CRUISES, leaving from Pier 83, Hudson River, near 42d Street, Clinton.
''This law is long overdue.''
THE BUM'S RUSH (Walker, $22.95) shows Mr. Ford once again sabotaging his own fine form with his leaden style.
His next assist -- number 1,850 -- will equal Gordie Howe's entire point total.
His girlfriend, Myrna Bonano, had already laid her party dress across their double bed.
Officers, staff, and members of the Office and Professional Employees International Union AFL-CIO, CLC Michael Goodwin, Intl President Gilles Beauregard, Intl Secy/Treas FINLEY-Joseph E. We the members of the OPEIU Executive Board mourn the loss of Joseph E. Finley, 77, who died in his home July 8, 1997, in Baltimore, Maryland.
His strength, spirit, devotion and dedication have guided us over the last few years.
The sale price includes a 15 percent commission on the first $50,000 and 10 percent over that.
Shares of Acordia rose $1.25 yesterday, to $35.875.
His watercolor illustrations for children's books have won critical praise and numerous awards for their vision of fairy-tale worlds extensively researched and exquisitely crafted, down to the dishes on the table.
''Those acquisitions will look better over time,'' he said.
''It really bothered me to think that my dance would be limited to these shaded rectangular boxes.''
He was completely blind by the time he was ready for college.
''Perhaps not coincidentally, I had been reading a lot of Irish and Celtic history,'' said Mr. Cassidy.
Every Saturday, from 11:30 A.M. to 2:30 P.M., there is organized folk dancing on the promenade, near the Dan Tel Aviv Hotel.
Voting for the Conservative Party candidate is a big switch for me, but I've given up voting for ''the good of the party.''
Thanks to Columbia's investment, he tells them, Cedars is better than ever.
But as we went round and round a small, kidney-shaped track, they proved just right for my skills.
Mike Milbury, the Islanders' general manager, wants a big forward, possibly a center.
Any one of them could have cracked the windscreen.
''Up until a few years ago when coroners began getting suspicious, we had a number of 'suicides,' where Asian girls who left home were said to have set themselves on fire,'' said Philip Balmforth, the Bradford area community officer of the West Yorkshire Police.
It is owned by Bass, a British company.
The second half is a moral mystery.''
The findings are reported by Dr. Jonathan P. Stoye, a virologist at the National Institute for Medical Research in London, with a colleague there and the authors of last February's report.
Movement has it over message, for once.
There are people out there who want to embrace you.
The Friars closed to within 11, but the Huskies put the game away with a 17-1 run.
''The offices are in a public building.
Shares of Starwood rose 81.25 cents, to $60.375, despite a decline in the overall market.
8 NEW YORK/REGION 21-25 Fugitive Author Arrested After Motel Suicide Threat A romance novelist who fled from New York after being convicted of stealing a Picasso sketch and other valuables in 1995, was arrested at a California motel.
Four female cadets started at The Citadel in fall 1996; Ms. Mentavlos and another woman quit, saying they had been hazed and harassed.
But I gave it my best.''
But does removing precious green space really answer the needs of these communities?
CUNY is already reeling from fiscal retrenchment and a dramatic influx of foreign-born students who need special help.
Cover: $3 to $12; two-drink minimum at all shows.
By this morning, only soldiers providing security for the exodus could be seen in O Smach.
Insignia's strategy of growth by acquisition has been criticized by other real estate executives, who say the executives of the acquired firm will lose motivation after getting a big payday.
Justice Scalia noted that Congress wrote no limitation into a provision of the law authorizing ''any person'' to bring a suit challenging the way the Secretary of the Interior is carrying out the law.
Mr. Breuer is also said to have told the grand jury that he failed to notify the Justice Department until Saturday because he had been off from work on Thursday for the Jewish new year, Rosh ha-Shanah, and had tried unsuccessfully to reach Justice Department officials on Friday.
Like General Shalikashvili and another recent Army chief, Gen. Colin L. Powell, General Shelton is not a West Point graduate.
Mr. Mebane, who joined the foundation last year, has had a career in media sales for television and radio stations and was manager of media sales, promotion and production for the Special Olympics World Games, held in New Haven in 1995.
It's been about a half a century since anyone who has taken the time to notice them has had a kind word to say.
''She would usually hang out well into the night if there was a party and there were some beers.''
Thus the rapid growth of tax revenue, which helped reduce the 1997 shortfall, should slow as well.
You do this because you have the time and ideas and passion for a form of service to the theater, and because you're going to enjoy rendering that service.
The Evangelists, despite their exalted literary careers, were, after all, ordinary men, and their portraits suggest as much.
That is the charge now leveled at Prince Ranariddh and his party, Funcinpec, an acronym for the name, in French, of the royalist organization called the National United Front for an Independent, Peaceful, Neutral and Cooperative Cambodia.
One other phenomenon that the morning news competition shares with the evening news rivalry is a reversal of the trend of erosion of network viewing.
In terms of making the labor force more efficient and having a contract that begins to make the changes from which all future mayors will benefit.
Prosecutors say Mr. Nichols, 42 years old, conspired with Mr. McVeigh, 29, to build the 4,000-pound truck bomb made of ammonium nitrate and racing fuel that destroyed the Federal Building in Oklahoma City on April 19, 1995.
Politicians make it a business to be sensitive to the most minor wobbles of public opinion.
That number has grown by 72 percent since 1986, but the number adopted from foster care, 18,000 to 20,000 a year, has remained relatively constant.
Elder party members have objected that China may be dissolving the last solid pillar of its socialist system, but President Jiang Zemin has apparently persuaded decision-makers that they can no longer afford the burden of inefficient and money-losing industries, no matter the risks.
For the New York City chapter, (212) 983-0700.
''I was so sure there was going to be this big uprising,'' he said, ''but people seem to be pleased to be included.''
''This is a place that has come so close to dying that we have really had to struggle to find new markets, and now that we are making enough money to at least make it worth saving the place, we will keep trying even harder.''
He says he hopes he has caught the flavor of Western ranching and said something about the ancient interdependence of man and animals.
Perhaps upon reflection he will change his mind.
Mr. Parsons, 48, has friends among the city's black financial elite -- he shoots clay pigeons with Kenneth Chenault, a vice-chairman of American Express, and John Utendahl, the founder of Utendahl Capital Partners -- but he is often the only African-American at corporate board meetings and East Side dinners.
I'm going to need people who will go beyond their contracts.
Bowman seems to have several personalities, not just moods.
Mr. Kahn's industry admirers are impressed not only by the scope of his technology, but the fact that he has kept his work so quiet for so long.
His nine-game drought followed a spurt of 7 goals in 11 games after beginning the season with an 18-game drought.
Sunday at 8 P.M., Merkin Concert Hall, 129 West 67th Street, Manhattan, (212) 501-3330.
One of the best is his Rubino, made principally from sangiovese and merlot -- and in relatively small quantities.
O.K., we hate the Government.
The Intel chips being introduced on Monday approach the processing speed of the company's most powerful Pentium II microprocessor -- now used mostly in large computer servers and high-end personal computers -- and will consume up to 50 percent less power than the chip maker's previous generation of portable-computer processors.
And in Miami Beach, the mansion owned and rehabilitated by Gianni Versace was reportedly a re-creation of the oldest house in the Western Hemisphere, the Alcazar de Colon in Santo Domingo, the Dominican Republic.
The leaders offered their assistance to such a board of inquiry.
The National Federation of Small Businesses says there are about 12 million small businesses in the United States (companies with fewer than 500 employees).
''We get less money than the American stars,'' he said.
His attention to foreign affairs was episodic, his approach uncertain.
On the night of July 17, 1971, Mr. Lund called the marshal to say that Mr. Gaughnor was once again causing a ruckus at the bar.
The survey found that many of the most egregious offenders had paid thousands of dollars in fines for previous violations.
Ms. Weiss, an American, who was introduced to the form on a business trip to Australia.
His software manages and directs participation.
Johnson went to the line after being fouled by Jeff Sheppard while retrieving a rebound on Cameron Murray's missed shot.
Uncharacteristically benign as he departs, he mentions Housman's poems.
Speaking with startling bluntness on an issue so delicate that diplomats have tiptoed around it for years, Newt Gingrich said today that he had warned China's top leaders that the United States would intervene militarily if Taiwan was attacked.
The O. J. saga is now commonly described by the scores of people who have an investment in it as a critical hour in American history, a revelation of the nation's racial divide, an event fraught with moral weight and so forth.
In fact, some industry analysts suggest that the distillers' long-term strategy is to get on television now so that when further technological advances occur in home electronics, they will be guaranteed a place.
Hingis's Homecoming The Australian Open's women's champion, 16-year-old Martina Hingis, will have a reunion with her estranged father, Karol Hingis, this week in Slovakia.
The first meeting, in July 1995, concerned Mrs. Clinton's activities after the apparent suicide two years earlier of Vincent Foster, an associate White House counsel and longtime friend of President and Mrs. Clinton.
The company has already begun work on a second rig and plans to build a third.
Without waiting for a reply, the Patriots huddled up with Meggett, who then scored the decisive touchdown.
In its announcement about its accounting procedures, the company said the S.E.C.
A Romanian daily made a plea recently, in English, that President Clinton not turn July's meeting about NATO membership into ''another Yalta,'' which in 1945 effectively banished Romania to the Stalinist Eastern bloc.
And the following week at the Memorial at Muirfield Village outside Columbus, Ohio, and at the United States Open at Congressional outside Washington next month?
The first 50,000 copies of Men's Health were snapped up in Moscow and other cities even before the publisher began promoting the title.
Reposing at Barrett Funeral Home, 424 West 51st, NYC on Wed. 2-4 and 7-9 P.M.
I wanted to be a part of that, and I feel lucky to be here.''
''It is clear,'' he added, ''that there are some in the Vatican who have reservations about how far it should go.''
After depositions but before the trial, The Plain Dealer offered to settle, and Mr. Celebrezze came away with an undisclosed sum of money.
People always look at other people's tables and want the same thing.
But this is perhaps the most appealing stage of all, when the still disarticulated pieces of the whole -- conduit and pipes and rebar and steel beams -- are being craned upward, in full view of residents of the Woodstock Hotel, who gather on warm days to watch.
By early afternoon, the wind and rain were fierce enough to overturn a sailboat in Great Kills Harbor, off the Staten Island coast.
In Acapulco, where the poor live in flimsy houses that cling to hillsides above the glittering beachfront hotels, torrents of muddy water plunged down the hills, dragging people under.
''The deal was structured in such a way that some of those things could be permitted down the road,'' he said, a reference to larger salary payments in later years.
Dow Chemical's stock fell $1.125 yesterday, to $87.625, while Lilly added 87.5 cents, to $93.50.
''Very nice young men, very polite, even if they couldn't speak English,'' he said.
''They were wearing uniforms and fired as they ran in through the gate,'' said the judge's wife, Leoncia Musabyemagya.
In Britain, some 50 freelance photographers virtually lived off Diana, stalking her when she left her home in Kensington Palace.
Beloved brother of Evelyn Newman, Jack Less, the late Kitty Watkins and Joseph Less.
''If a Palestinian officer over there fires so much as a single shot, they'll blow the place away,'' said Yasir Fathi, 29, a Palestinian construction worker, as he looked at the armor lined up near his house.
On Tuesday Mr. Yeltsin will visit the northeastern city of Harbin.
Shows tonight and tomorrow at 8:45 and 10:45 P.M. Cover, $50; no minimum.
Thus, Indian nationalism is not something as vague as a ''nationalism of an idea,'' as Mr. Tharoor claims.
I would have been able to qualify for such a program.
''I'm not saying I have to win it this year, and I'm not saying I'd retire the next day if I did, but it means more to me than anything else.
''We never change the name of a boat,'' he said.
Dear Mother, you are always in my heart and thoughts.
Next Sun., 8:30 and 10:30 A.M., ''Concert for Three Trumpets'' by Telemann, Sinfonia to the ''Easter Oratorio,'' ''Awake Now, Wintry Earth,'' ''Alleluia!
In Atlanta, she worked on a plan to persuade corporations to hire college-educated black women for office jobs that ordinarily went to white workers.
The Comptroller's office also warned that the failure to sell the medical center and other health operations, for a projected $106 million, ''could have a wide-ranging impact.''
When Mr. First called him for support in 1993, Mr. Egan saw another good investment in the industrious deck-scrubbers.
The Tribune also offers a hilarious list, similar to the Internet Movie Institute's Golden Raspberry Awards, of nominees for the worst achievement in film last year.
But Team Valor bought him for $500,000 from Phyllis Susini in January after the colt had run third in the Holy Bull Stakes.
On these humid nights, when theatergoers greet their neighbors and share in a collective pride, the children and young adults who have contributed their talents glimpse the rewards and terrors of a collaborative effort.
This time the Eagles found White in gold and green roaming on the other team's defensive line.
They vow that Telerate will once again earn big profits for Dow Jones, and will do so by 2000.
The legal terrain in the matter is murky.
(Katrina Van Tassel, for those who are not up on their Washington Irving, was the young woman who won the hearts of both Ichabod and the churlish Brom Bones in the ''Sleepy Hollow'' story.)
He gave his New York debut recital in 1920 at Aeolian Hall In 1926 Mr. Fuchs was appointed concertmaster of the Cleveland Orchestra, a post he held until 1940.
Every Thursday, the Argosy puts a barrel of unwanted and damaged volumes out on the sidewalk for people to pick through.
Representative Dan Burton, the Indiana Republican who sponsored the law with Senator Jesse Helms of North Carolina, condemned the President's action, saying Mr. Clinton had decided ''once again to pass up a perfect opportunity to send a strong message to the Castro dictatorship and to those who prop it up financially.''
There are also the repeated calls from Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato and Representative Michael P. Forbes for Congressional investigations into Brookhaven.
''I'm really enjoying myself, so maybe that's why I'm playing well.
Intelligent and open-minded, just the way we like her, she considers the possibility that there might be something to her client's tale after all.
And New England has won three straight at Foxboro Stadium.
Under the offer, Harnischfeger will also assume $116 million of the Giddings debt.
PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES -- Traded OF-1B Darren Daulton to Florida for OF Billy McMillon.
Wayne LaPierre Jr., head of the National Rifle Association, said that when gun importers learned earlier this fall that Mr. Clinton intended to curb the modified assault weapons allowed in from abroad, they stepped up their applications for licenses.
The felony charge against the Superintendent, Yvonne Gonzalez, carries a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
Indeed, Mr. Masur's strong connection with Brahms is a metaphor for both men: a meeting place of more sober spirits.
DeMille was noted for his original scripts, which were a departure for the time.
's that had been leased by pharmacies in the chain had been returned to the leasing company when the old computer system at Smitty's was replaced.
The surveillance camera of an Upper West Side bank had captured an unidentified man using Mr. Levin's bank card to withdraw $800, narrowing the scenario to a robbery taken to a fatal extreme.
But abstinence is not the only message sanctioned by Sex, Etc.
She said she has been trailed by supervisors more than anyone in the White Plains Post office.
I also think there's much more of a sense that people express their identities through consumer goods: It matters what brand of stroller your baby is in.
Each parcel takes about 20 years to travel from the tropics, around the North Atlantic circuit to Labrador.
''I waited,'' she said, ''assuming a community like this which was legendary for culture and education wouldn't tolerate an absence of a cultural arts center in its town for very long.
; everything cost only nickels and dimes.
7 P.M. ''WOZA AFRIKA: AFTER APARTHEID,'' PROGRAMS C AND D, La Guardia Theater, Amsterdam Avenue at 65th Street.
The stove has six burners, although I still haven't figured out what the other five are for.
Sales may also be the most athletic of the players, with a 22-inch vertical jump exceeded only by Rita Williams's 23 1/2 inches.
South led the heart king, and when West won with the ace East signaled with the seven of diamonds.
What's the story on this?
BAXTER - Theodora Tuomey, Lady of The Holy Sepulchre, on October 21, 1997 in Princeton, NJ.
''I won't play like that.
The Jewish Community Relations Council of New York extends heart felt condolences to our esteemed board member, Alan Posner, on the passing of his beloved wife.
When he moves into his Lake Washington mansion near Seattle this fall, Gates himself will be among the first homeowners to try out that concept.
''Clearly the votes for McCain-Feingold now are not enough to pass.''
It was the middle piece of this week's hat trick of personnel decisions that set the stage for the regular season for a greatly revamped team.
The prospect now is that we can have a new and improved service.''
People were statistically more likely to be victims of serious or violent crimes in cities such as Beaumont, Tex., Independence, Mo., or Anchorage than in New York City during that period, according to the F.B.I.
''They didn't try to push their beliefs on other players.''
''I'm not at all satisfied that the state has the network of providers it needs to do this.''
His son, Geoffrey Jr., said the cause was complications of pneumonia.
So far it has taken the sensible approach of confronting Microsoft one misstep at at time.
''They asked for monetary payment,'' Mr. Jonah said in New York.
When Mayor Giuliani campaigned in Stuyvesant Town, she made him crack up.
Last night the estimate was an optimistic $2 million to $3 million, and the painting sold to an unidentified telephone bidder for $2.2 million.
The majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno of Rensselaer County, said the tax cuts would be a way of improving the state's business climate while also returning to taxpayers some of the state's budget surplus, which is expected to be as large as $2 billion when the fiscal year ends on March 31.
''America, we are still here,'' declared Donald P. Hodel, the group's new president, ''and we are going to be here for years to come.''
In September, Schools Chancellor Rudy Crew pledged to reduce overcrowding by the next school year.
Like the plans of previous administrations, this one contains no ''demonstration projects,'' or money earmarked for specific roads or bridges -- but Congress has always added them.
Just two years ago, Wells Fargo and U.S. Bancorp were competitors in a takeover battle for the First Interstate Bancorp.
The 1997 season became more expensive for the Yankees and four other teams this week.
The answer to the industry's problems is new talent, and we've got it.''
JORGE PINTO Consul General of Mexico New York, June 2, 1997
*A 2.9 percent cost-of-living increase in Social Security and Supplemental Security Income benefits.
China, a permanent member of the Security Council, will pay less than 1 percent of the budget for the foreseeable future.
Microsoft counters that the essence of the Web is that it permits largely unrestricted linking and roaming of content.
''If you can find a renovation project you might have a better shot at making the numbers work than in new construction,'' said Barry Zelikson, director of development at Sparrow Construction Company in the Bronx, another builder.
The new rules, while they will require disclosures, will not change the accounting for derivatives.
Now men's wages are rising again, so to keep closing the gap, women's would have to be rising faster.''
We must advance a little!''
E-mail: info@wildernesstravel.com; Internet: http://www.wildernesstravel.com Operating since 1978.
To the generations that followed, it seemed inconceivable that the Court would ever go down that path again.
It ignites with the push of button, has 225-square-inches of chrome-plated cooking surface and two wood-slatted side tables.
In the studio, Sexton pulls out his Fender, tunes up and strums a few scratchy, metallic bar chords.
That gives his music a lot of clarity and definition; that's why all his projects sound so different.''
A three-spade contract failed in the replay.
The presence of large, distinct immigrant communities makes it easier to house and school foreign nationals, as well as to find local labor that speaks foreign languages.
''But this way, they can say that if only 0.1 percent of their customers don't think it is the best, then 99.9 percent think it is.''
Christy Rose, the cart's barista, or coffee-maker, keeps a notebook of facts and figures.
If there is a break along the way, the call cannot be completed.
Bf3 5 Bf3, saving the time a retreat would have cost but giving Kasparov the bishop pair.
It sits across the street from an abandoned lot where wild dogs bark and squeal at every passer-by.
The bridegroom was a widower.
No manager of that caliber would agree to be the chief executive in waiting.
''I know he's taking some of what I taught him in his career,'' Parcells said.
The identical 67-foot steel monohulls are headed for Southampton, England, where their 10-month odyssey began last Sept. 29.
The Knicks did not keep their end of the bargain with their sordid play over the last month, going 6-8 after beating the Chicago Bulls in March.
Two representatives of the Food Lion supermarket chain will appear on ''Nightline'' tonight with Roone Arledge, the president of ABC News, and Diane Sawyer, the anchor of ''Prime Time Live,'' the show whose report on Food Lion led to a $5.5 million judgment for punitive damages against ABC.
Pumpkin is found nearly as frequently as Mediterranean touches: in soup, in a puree over a pork tenderloin, and in the creme brulee.
Will provide a tax credit worth up to $5,000 to purchasers of electric vehicles.
It closed yesterday at $42 on the New York Stock Exchange, up 25 cents, indicating that Wall Street saw no immediate major ramifications for the company.
Today, several people at Dr. Matera's gated home drove away after declining to speak with reporters.
At age 41, Norman has heard whispers that his peak years are behind him.
''We're a 24-hour restaurant,'' one of the wives said.
''We conducted a survey of visitors and nonvisitors, and discovered there was more confusion about the museum's identity than we supposed,'' Linda S. Ferber, its acting director, said.
Ms. Pidgeon locates both the anger and resignation in the enigmatic Deeny.
Less than two and a half miles east stands the French War Cemetery, commemorating the 10,000 Frenchmen who died establishing and holding the right end of the Helles line, and the more recently erected Turkish Canakkale Martyrs Memorial.
''He had more drive to accomplish something than anybody else.''
rules requiring firms to evaluate ''regularly and routinely'' whether their customers were getting best execution.
Ginger should be pounded with a mortar and pestle, or pulverized in a blender, and it's best to grate it with a Japanese grater called an oroshigane.
For decades, the General Motors Corporation's Oldsmobile division has seen its sales steadily drop, as its buyers moved from middle age into their retirement years.
To the Editor: Re ''Trade Membership for China'' (editorial, March 6): You publish articles on the human rights abuses suffered by Chinese men, women and children in forced labor camps, in horrendous working conditions and orphanages.
Still, there isn't much public reaction in major Texas cities to the rapid-fire lethal injections.
Church located in Woodside, N.Y.
Even the rolls were tough.
Much of this reader-friendliness radiates from the novel's amiable narrator, Abraham Isaac Lee, a Korean War orphan adopted and transplanted to Jacksonville, Fla., in the early 1950's.
(''The man in front of this judge was well educated, articulate, responsible.
's Mercury Communications Ltd. and the British cable assets of the Nynex Corporation, BCE Inc. and Le Groupe Videotron.
Coverage could be quite a challenge, however, as the beetles are said to favor more than 300 species.
Still, analysts are now adamant that the board seek a different type of executive to replace him.
It reflects progress in transportation when horse-drawn vehicles of the late 19th century were outmoded by motor vehicles in the early 1900's, bringing with them air pollution.
Public phones are scattered throughout the grounds.
He was released, and his record was expunged.
But it marked the start of his effort to shore up the Kennedy franchise that has dominated politics in Massachusetts for decades, but that has been battered in recent weeks.
As Mr. Ferrer's campaign manager, Gerald Austin, put it: ''Whoever wins the Democratic primary will be broke the next day.''
JonBenet, 6, was strangled with a garrote -- a stick with a cord attached, at her home in Boulder, Colo., according to the coroner's report.
Albany articles, pages B1 and B7.
In doing so, the parties minimized the gulf dividing them on many issues.
Earlier this year, Mr. Clinton embarked on an effort to put the nation's racial problems in the forefront of the national agenda.
Then, like true New York sports fans, travelers immediately start grumbling -- there's no real deal here, it's impossible to get through to book a flight.
I did not know that I was fishing with cancer in my right breast.
The result was Chris Calloway waiting in the end zone alone, while Brown pointed angrily at Ditka.
Ira Henry Freeman, a former reporter for The New York Times who wrote frequently about his travels after his retirement in 1961, died on Sunday at Huntington Hospital on Long Island.
There was a hot summer and a terrible drought, the worst they had seen since 1949.
In particular, he will continue his campaign to rehabilitate Mendelssohn's house and reinforce his reputation, emulating Mendelssohn's own activities in the city a century and a half ago on behalf of Bach.
The other four Republicans have objected to various provisions in the bill but are among the most likely candidates to support the legislation if it is revised.
They say that with battered buildings, overflowing classrooms and outdated textbooks, they should have received extra money too.
Mr. Fujimori's strong response, moreover, should help to deter future terrorist attacks.
$(D15.$) Wheat prices fell sharply after the Government said a late frost left the winter wheat crop largely undamaged.
That happens most often when a company has run into severe financial difficulties or when virtually all its shares have been acquired by another company.
It's no surprise that country music, which lost its sense of genre purity at least 40 years ago with the Everly Brothers, has come to this.
Another part is larger in male animals than in females, but its removal has no effect on behavior.
She was 69 and lived in Stamford.
Steve Elkington was cruising with a four-stroke lead in the Players Championship today, heading into his final two holes of the third round.
The bride's father is the executive vice president in Newton, Mass., of the Dexter Shoe Company, which was founded by her grandfather Harold Alfond of Waterville, Me.
The Pope is expected to praise the country's spirit of reconciliation after a civil war between Christians and Muslims.
By all accounts, Mr. Giuliani was acting on his own Monday when he complained that Ms. Messinger, who is Jewish, had missed the Mass at St. Patrick's Cathedral, seeing it as a sign of disrespect to people celebrating the holiday.
In later years, he said, he sought more specific information about who he was because he lacked the birth certificate needed to obtain a passport.
A pathologist and another witness seemed to support this description.
Some people invest the lump sum, hoping to do better than they would with the periodic payments.
''Basically, we are at our bottom line,'' she said.
Mr. Hoffa has said Ms. Quindel should have barred Mr. Carey from running because of the campaign-finance violations and should have annulled the election sooner, rather than waiting until after Mr. Carey led the teamsters in the strike against United Parcel Service.
But the report on labor costs was the focus.
ON THE WEB The latest stock and mutual fund quotations, along with news updates, are available on the Internet from The New York Times on the Web: www.nytimes.com
He hung up, then looked at Mr. Ward and explained, ''That was a yeshiva.''
Other notables included Libby Pataki, the Governor's wife, and two mayoral advisers, Herman Badillo, vice chairman of the board of the City University of New York, and Raymond B. Harding, chairman of the Liberal Party.
ONCE again this arrangement parallels the Reckson-Halpern deal.
It was as if, several legislative aides suggested, they understood the Mayor's political predicament of wanting to prevent his fellow Republicans from abolishing the rent laws, without going to war with them.
The house will contain a living-dining room, kitchen, five bedrooms and two baths.
He also taught at the University of Pennsylvania, City College of New York and the University of California at Santa Barbara.
Eva Marie Saint had a classic scene in ''Wish on the Moon,'' a 1950's ''Goodyear TV Playhouse'' production.
Mr. Douglas's 20-year background in jazz involved much of the standard and legitimate jazz schooling.
The acquisition of Quick is also small relative to the size of Fleet, which has a market capitalization of more than $17 billion.
Another passenger was Kari Schutz, a librarian from Vancouver with a soft voice and a shy smile.
''He is a classic Soviet leader,'' said Leyla Yunusova, an opposition figure who heads a human rights group called the Institute of Peace and Democracy.
This restaurant, at 265-11 Union Turnpike (347-7136), is the place to order lasagna, chicken scarpariello, and clam sauce, marsala and parmigiana preparations.
But the story of the 30-ish husband who called to ask if he could amend his tax return for the third time in the same year is still one of his favorites.
Because my client has informed me [and] other people have informed me that Mrs. Schultz .
If they learned about it and enjoyed it, it could be.''
Some people on Wall Street think Mr. Greenspan was not telling people that stock valuations are too high as much as he was reminding them that things can go wrong.
''We feel our number is pretty much our number,'' said Boras.
China has not commented so far on the current debate.
If the Mariners don't come up with the big-money, multiyear deal Olerud will require, the Mets will probably sign Olerud after Nov. 11.
But current and former aides to Ms. Reno insist that she is the most unpredictable factor in the mix because, they say, she is stubbornly apolitical in her prosecutorial judgments.
For part of that period, the Court was considering a similar case from upstate New York, in which the Justices ruled last month that a fixed 15-foot buffer zone around the clinic did not violate the free speech rights of anti-abortion demonstrators.
Only the toothless question the achievements of orthodontics in America.
''I have never condoned gross violations of human rights and reject any insinuation that it was ever the policy of my party or my Government.''
Formerly of Pelham Manor, NY.
He also cultivated what was to become a pivotal alliance with Warner's charismatic chairman, Steven J. Ross.
''Those things will upset the professionals, but not Main Street, and that is what is driving this market,'' he said.
The mixture should be lumpy and thick.
Chairman, Department of Medicine College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University
Attended the Sorbonne and graduated from Smith College.
The hope is that the Hong Kong episode will soon become a footnote in influenza history.
The scanner, which won a patent last month, detects aromas to identify fruits and vegetables, creates a pattern for each scent and reads the pattern.
Mr. Galvin, in introducing the inductees, said the students represent the best academic and service achievements of Wilby High School.
The trial is not shown.
It's a way of reaching out to people who normally don't go to church.
CUCCI-Phyllis U., of Brooklyn on September 8, 1997.
Holsten's is a venerable ice cream parlor, on Broad Street in Bloomfield since 1939, that also makes candy.
Interment St. Raymond's Cemetery, Bx., NY.
The feet, though, can save the day.
Sometimes when I'm angry, I drum and the anger goes into the drum and out of me.''
That pay can continue for years, unlike workers' compensation which stipulates a time limit.
The shooting percentage was the highest at the Corestates Center this season and the point total matched the highest scored against the 76ers in a half this season.
A few months into her freshman year, she said, she became clear about her sexual orientation, but didn't tell anyone for several months.
FOR investors, these cash hoards can mean stock buybacks, higher dividends and other immediate benefits.
Also, Toyota do Brasil S.A. in Sao Paulo named F/Nazca S & S in Sao Paulo to handle its account, which had been at Fisher Justus in Sao Paulo.
Applying the tactic of setting a thief to catch a thief, biologists have redesigned a cattle virus to make it attack H.I.V., the virus that causes AIDS, at a vulnerable moment in its life cycle.
Today, the plane, with a cockpit crew of three supplied by Boeing and nine technicians, left Kennedy at 12:37 P.M. and flew to Atlantic City, where the Federal Aviation Administration maintains a technology center.
Conspicuous by her absence, however, is Dolly Parton.
Like the lobster and monkfish, this dish relied in part on ingredients brought from some distance.
A more free-form experience is offered by the Forge in the Forest -General Store, at corner of Junipero Street and Fifth Avenue, (408) 624-2233.
Traditionally, how ever the President decides to entertain on the second floor is all paid for by himself or by someone donating funds for his use.''
Procasa Carvallo Propiedades, 6156 Luis Pasteur, Vitacura; (56-2) 3660222, fax (56-2) 3660777.
Accuses Six of Fraud The S.E.C.
''The day of the grand opening tours in March 1996, a woman came in and asked us where cardiology, pulmonary medicine and neurology were located,'' Mr. Hanley recalls.
Mr. Yevoli, the Oyster Bay Town Supervisor, is a longtime fixture in Nassau politics who has been a persistent critic of the Republican political establishment.
A port since ancient times, Brindisi is just eight hours from Corfu today and is served by at least half a dozen cruise lines.
Simpson Lawyers Cite Debts As jurors were urged to make O. J. Simpson an example of him with heavy punitive damages, his lawyers said he was in debt.
Catherine Scorsese, the mother of the film director Martin Scorsese, who cast her in several of his films, died yesterday at New York University Medical Center in Manhattan.
Moorer got up at the count of eight and the round soon came to an end, allowing Moorer to survive.
Aside from that deal, Jordan said he did not think about the inner working of the Bulls very much.
Sister of Mary Lou and Jean.
The question that should be asked is why the Muslims build on sites that are holy to another people.''
Randal Mathis, a lawyer for the Diocese of Dallas, has argued that diocesan officials used reasonable care in supervising the priest, the Rev.
But volume was down 1 percent in Brazil, as a result of the loss of purchasing power among Brazilian consumers.
GRAND RAPIDS GRIFFINS -- Sent F Cory Johnson, F Blair Manning and D Mark Vilneff to Muskegon of the United Hockey League.
The show often starts late because of last-minute tinkering.
Several original buildings in the Dockyard have been restored, including the Admiral's House and the Officer's Quarters Building, and many are still used.
Rich Zahradnik, one of the original founders, left seven years ago, and is now with CNN.
'Oh, he missed another layup.'
A. Asher Hirsch, Director of Religious Affairs
As a result, negotiators in the talks have been seeking signals of political support from Washington for a deal.
Before construction can begin, the road will be modified so the middle lanes taken over for construction will be replaced by lanes created from the shoulder.
Saying they had enough workfare slots to place people who failed to find private-sector jobs, county executives sent hundreds of letters warning that benefits would soon be cut.
Predictably, Fox executives say ABC's figures in this area are wrong.
The Devils struggled each night.
''We went to 5:30 A.M.. home delivery in September and we're building on that.''
Others who signed the letter to Nike include Alice Walker, the author, Representative Maxine Waters, Democrat of California, the Black Women's Agenda and the Coalition of Labor Union Women.
Vladimir Pyshnenko, a member of the Russian 4x200-meter relay team that set a world record in the 1992 Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, and two other Russian swimmers tested positive for steroids at a training camp in Cyprus in October, said Gennadi Aleshin, head of the country's swimming federation.
For the greatest benefit, lycopene should be eaten with some olive oil or cheese, even a little ground meat.
That, they said, would undermine the agency's heartfelt operating principle: as long as a child qualified financially, that child would be at Nuestros Ninos from age 2 until the beginning of high school.
The band's first album, ''Spice,'' has sold 4.6 million copies.
But he thinks people sometimes get carried away.
Mr. Campbell also declined to comment on whether the company had adopted the strategies described in the documents.
A sumptuous red heart of a gown (1988), with a sheer bodice, embroidered with beads, and a great gathered skirt of synthetic twill, printed with deep red roses.
But in his broad-ranging speech to the Fairfax County Bar Association and at a news conference afterward, Mr. Starr discounted similar sentiments, saying that the investigation was in the hands of veteran prosecutors with strong records, and that the inquiry would continue unaffected by his announcement.
''It is a time of phenomenal energy and growth for the foreign-language media,'' said Mitchell Moss, director of the Urban Research Center at New York University.
His mother is the controller of Center Laboratories Inc., a pharmaceuticals manufacturer in Port Washington, N.Y. His father is an audit manager at New York City Transit.
Dr. Levine collected slang terms used to describe sexual relations: scamming, scrumping, mashing, shacking.
That practice made it seem as if the firm had more lobbying clients than it actually did, lowering the figure for the average fees per client, Mr. Fischbein asserted.
Wildwood still occupies a time zone of the past in which neon signs are shaped like champagne glasses.
Officials said that the crew was ushered out because their presence at the small, closed events inhibited candid conversation.
The city and the state are equally represented on the conservancy board, an arrangement that gives Mr. Giuliani plenty of power.
There is no evidence that separate but equal today works any better than it did a century ago.''
Is it because he has won two Super Bowls or is it because the reporters covering the N.F.L.
Chefs on the Move The new chef at Harvest, 218 Court Street in Brooklyn Heights, is Leslie Parks.
With the filming nearly done and no treasure at hand, they tried new tactics, traveling to the SoHo loft of a necromancer, Susan Brown, in the hope of contacting Schultz's spirit to glean clues to the location of the box.
Mixed Sale at Sotheby's Wednesday's auction at Sotheby's in Manhattan of four paintings by John Singer Sargent brought mixed results for Henry Kravis, the financier and Sotheby board member, but the auction house's entire sale of American art brought in a record total of $42.8 million.
It is a taste that commercial ice cream, no matter how good, can never quite match.
But since then, things have not been as friendly for many growth stocks.
It is a niche an absentee nonminority owner is likely to overlook, Mr. Castro said.
Dr. Cook submitted a notebook to support his claim to the University of Copenhagen in January 1910, and it was returned to him a year later.
Merchant and Sony Classics arranged the theatrical screening of nine Ray films across the United States.
Practically every elected official in the Bronx opposed his candidacy and took pains to remind voters of his recent conviction.
''Best 0-11 team I've ever been on, no question about it,'' Mark Grace said this week.
Switzerland took the position that Germany had the right to loot assets from nations it had conquered.
Whatever you do, have fun, experiment.''
William McKnight acknowledged that officers who patrol the Boardwalk have standing orders to ask residents of the ''underwood hotel'' to move along.
Directed by Francis Ford Coppola (PG-13, 137 minutes).
Unknown, perhaps to many diners, weeds are woven throughout the menu, as subtle flavorings, as garnishes and the base for sauces and salads.
Bidding to become the nation's largest operator of radio stations, Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst , the Dallas buyout firm, is expected to announce as early as today an agreement to acquire SFX Broadcasting Inc., executives familiar with the situation said yesterday.
She loves the Grateful Dead as much as she does Chaucer, and her favorite sport is scuba diving.
; Chief Curator Emeritus, National Gallery of Art; on May 6, 1997, at his home in Washington, DC; in the company of his wife of 30 years, Catherine Blanton Freedberg, & his youngest son, Sydney Joseph, Jr.
''A lot of times, what we're dealing with is practical applications,'' he said.
A former teller at a Princeton bank robbed of about $140,000 last Thursday has been arrested and accused of planning the robbery and driving the getaway car, the Federal Bureau of Investigation announced today.
''Of all the out-of-town homicides we've examined, this one creates the most interest in us,'' Sgt.
She was ultimately confirmed by the Senate in a bipartisan vote of 85 to 13.
Given the involvement of several of Mr. Clinton's closest associates, it seems remarkable that none of them ever told the President.
MINNESOTA The season is over for Vikings quarterback Brad Johnson.
At the Film Forum, 209 Houston Street, South Village.
No one enjoys doing that.''
Of all the planets in the solar system, only Venus is known to lack a magnetic field, though Pluto has yet to be examined.
Mr. George and his bass-playing teammate, Ruben Rodriguez, are masters of the rhythmic segue, moving easily from staccato, electric dance figures to more relaxed feels; Mr. Rodriguez's bass is upfront in the sound.
The roar had hardly subsided when it rose again as Anderson stepped into the batter's box to face Ogea.
She said her husband walked in the mall five mornings a week.
Repeated assertion of one's insight will first invite insistent demands for proof, then skepticism, followed by silence, ridicule and often the loss of research funds.
''We've already got interest rates going higher, and now there's a sign that inflation isn't as strong as first thought.''
But there the shot was, another victim of what might be called the ''Last Supper effect.''
A Khmer Rouge leader pressed today for the break-up of the country's coalition Government, promising that his guerrilla group would support Cambodia's royalist Prime Minister.
''You can copy all the details, but it doesn't mean you're going to end up with what you want,'' said Mr. Becker, whose violins, based on Stradivari and Guarnieri models, sell for $9,500.
The boys were taking part in a program in which inmates discuss prison life candidly to deter the youths from crime.
They didn't have time to get their life jackets on.
And right now they have a lot of money to invest -- universities like Stanford and Harvard and Princeton.
Sessions, for one, says getting a law passed is not always the goal.
While Mr. Langella brings an intriguing, autumnal quality to the title role, Cyrano can't survive this humbling.
The New York State Commission on Government Integrity, which I was privileged to lead, uncovered numerous examples of contributions going from the legal, financial and real estate communities to municipal officials with whom they did business.
''My great-great-grandmother Watkins did not survive slavery and fight for freedom so that we would become complacent citizens,'' she said.
As a women it's really frightening.''
The interactions of the firm and the cult members are described in the CyberTimes section of The New York Times on the Web: www.nytimes.com
Since it dries faster than varnish, it is less likely to collect dust particles as it cures, so it needs less sanding and rubbing.
2 1 3 UNDERBOSS, by Peter Maas.
3.580% Accepted at low price .
En route she meets some interesting men, mostly predatory, and forms a partnership with an equally lively woman her own age.
Thomas Antenen, a Department of Correction deputy commissioner, said that anyone in the agency's custody was ''subject to strip search'' and that the practice was ''done for security purposes.''
The 96 volumes on view exemplify a kind of prayer book that became immensely popular in Western Europe, more popular even than the Bible, between about 1250 and 1550, when devotion to the Blessed Virgin Mary was at its height.
The system has improved enormously, but now technology makes recording results more accurate and our expectations are higher, as they should be.
Here, farmers like Les and Ernie Rea have come close to losing the very earth beneath them.
The study included sales and jobs data reported by companies in 45 of these industrial groups.
''I remember the first calculator.
America likes to think of itself as a bicoastal country -- or at least the people on the coasts do.
The obsessive soccer devotee portrayed by Seputla Sebogodi in ''Pirate'' knows that a black man in South Africa must learn to move ''not forward, not backward'' but ''sideways, like a crab with a hard shell.''
On the contrary, it had an earnestness that seemed a little much even to a pack of wised-up rubes like ourselves, the crew of the Arneb.
George E. Pataki as part of his frankly hostile campaign against state regulation.
''But like any good economist,'' he jokes, ''I'd rather have the money.''
While urban officials across the country have denounced the cuts in housing aid, some Republicans in Congress have countered that it is foolish for the Federal Government to continue pouring money into a system that they say has largely been a failure.
Hogans Are Branching Out On the feet of young, trendy European tourists on Madison Avenue, it's not unusual to see ridged rubber-sole sneakers with nubuck uppers in tan, bottle green or navy blue.
''It was the first time it suddenly hit you in the face,'' said Margaret Kelly, another board member, describing the moment when Mr. DeStefano disclosed his decision.
So I knew there was some risk in doing it, particularly since it had failed.''
But if such a coalition is formed now, Mr. Netanyahu would remain Prime Minister, since he was directly elected by the country's voters rather than by Parliament.
I want you all to know right now, if any one of y'all don't want to go out there and give 100 percent, if you want to go out and have more fun on Bourbon Street, then you let me know and I'll pack my stuff and go on home because I'm not going out there to lose.'
And since the Mayor's landslide victory in December 1995, Mr. Davis has appeared to enjoy all the access he might want.
V. unearths his treasures in a number of odd places, but mainly at an Aladdin's cave tucked beneath a metal sidewalk grate on East 12th Street.
Carbon monoxide is a toxin created when natural gas is burned, but it is usually funneled out of buildings by chimneys and other means.
And what the world has seen is an American pastime that has more accents, rhythms and color than perhaps at any time in it history.
And that is what has made some on Wall Street so nervous.
The house guests aren't exactly role models for domestic bliss.
Waiters will not be waiters and the salesmen will not be salesmen.
The program, presented Thursday and Saturday, unveiled two kinds of music rarely heard outside Pakistan.
''However, during the process, provisions were forced into the bill requiring the mayor to share some of his authority with the control board.''
But neither did they want him to receive the mandatory sentence of 25 years in prison, with no chance of parole for 10 years, that goes with a second-degree murder conviction.
The brutal murders last week -- a Catholic stomped to death by a Protestant gang in Portadown and a Protestant gunned down by Catholic guerrillas in a Belfast bar -- remind us how the pockets of abnormality here could still blow apart the web of normalcy.
In testimony given to Robert J. Giuffra Jr., one of the lawyers on the Senate committee investigating Whitewater, Mr. Blair said he had discussed Mr. Hubbell's situation with four of the firm's lawyers.
The Gartner Group has said in the past that fixing existing computer software will cost between $300 billion and $600 billion, an estimate that has not been increased as a result of the study.
Anyone admiring the Old Faithful Inn at Yellowstone, or the pueblo-inspired buildings of Bandelier in New Mexico, knows that it's not just wilderness that nurtures the soul.
He faces as much as 10 years in jail after a conviction on charges of evidence tampering and perjury related to his acquisition of MGM.
Mr. Kohrt will be the company's highest-ranking official based outside the United States Of the top 25 officers, only six, who direct regional operations, are now based outside the country.
And on Sunday they will play without their top scorer (Eric Wynalda), their top playmaker (Tab Ramos) and, probably, their top goalkeeper (Kasey Keller).
''Brooks Brothers will never be a fast-forward fashion brand like a Calvin Klein,'' said Bernadette Murray, senior vice president for marketing at Brooks Brothers, a unit of Marks & Spencer P.L.C.
Still, the groups were a good way to make lasting friendships.
And Joe Roth, chairman of Walt Disney Studios, said: ''If we had a couple of these and they didn't work, I'd expect to be unemployed.
''My father couldn't have cared less about what Goodman did.
But give me the judge.''
Skibo Castle, a 100-year-old retreat in Sutherland County owned by Peter de Savery, a millionaire, is highly regarded for the privacy it offers.
W. R. GRACE & CO., Boca Raton, Fla., agreed to sell its industrial equipment maker TEC Systems to Sequa Corp., New York, for an undisclosed price.
BRAM-Anna P. The National Board of Hadassah, WZOA, mourns the death of our esteemed colleague, Anna P. Bram.
With the sun dipping behind the Washington Monument, they sat in their shirt sleeves and talked for nearly 40 minutes before shaking hands on the unusual financial agreement that they announced today.
But the existing public housing entitlement program, which was created in 1937, the same year as Aid to Families With Dependent Children, fails to take this into account.
The entire Beth Israel Medical Center family acknoledges with sadness the passing of Milton Goldhair, beloved father of Judith Resnick and father-in-law of Burton Resnick, an esteemed member of our Board of Trustees and Chairman of The Board of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine, for which Beth Israel services as its Manhattan Campus.
The bridegroom, 47, is the minister at the First Church of Christ in Maspeth, Queens.
Nine-month sales were $6.24 billion, compared with $6.04 billion last year.
Mrs. Lyons, 49, told investigators that she found her husband's clothes there and thought that he was having an affair.
After three years on welfare, she got hired on the first application she made after reading the want ads.
An owner would need a boat for the 15-minute trip to Yacht Haven West, a marina in the South End section of Stamford, or to the Waterside or Shippan Point sections, which are the nearest land points.
An additional $8,123 in a matching gift was donated by the publisher of The New York Times, Arthur Sulzberger Jr. ''What makes this contribution particularly gratifying is that the entire sale would not be possible without the generosity of all New York Times employees,'' wrote Merrill Perlman, an editor who helped coordinate the drive.
Kendrick L. Moxon, the church's lawyer in the case, said he had tried to question the former clerk about accusations that there was a framed Time magazine cover about Scientology in the judge's chambers.
Mindless of the possibilities that a still-beloved war horse can offer a new age, Mr. Johanson's direction is mired in the manner of overwrought, borderline hysterical melodrama and glum bookishness.
John said he always turned to Machiavelli when he had a tough moral decision to make.
Its next monetary policy meeting is May 20.
Some chose to display the gang's colors in red T-shirts, caps or bandannas.
(Some aficionados think it altogether fitting that the Checker be displayed with no wheels on the ground, since many remember that as a hallmark of the driving of New York City cabbies.)
Mr. Gerstner came to I.B.M.
Then Ms. Breslin begins to grow up.
''And don't put on your answering machine, 'I'll be away for three weeks,' '' Mr. Vitelli added.
No language enjoys majority status in India.
Her friends and colleagues at McAloon & Friedman, P.C.
Bob Green, a vice president at Carey, acknowledged that the company, which has 160 employees and operates 50 buses for its airport service, had fallen behind in payments to the Port Authority, but declined to say more about the its finances.
Its clout and image as a center of telecommunications research, one of the hottest areas of the national economy, has grown.
Among them was a Chattanooga police report early this year, which was circulated on the Net, in which Mr. Zayed reported that his luxury car was broken into and that $200,000 worth of common stock, $26,000 in jewelry and precious metals, and $10,000 in cash were taken from two briefcases.
Adjacent to the church is a cemetery with graves that date back to the early 1800's, she added.
''They won,'' he said yesterday, confirming a report in Fortune magazine.
A student of art and engineering in college in the early 1960's, he attended some of the concerts in which the violinist Yehudi Menuhin collaborated with Indian musicians.
Mr. Silver had deployed his considerable political machinery to help Ms. Rapfogel, and if she has lost, it will be a blow to his reputation.
Trailing the 7-4-1 Giants and 6-5-1 Washington, the Cowboys are convinced that a four-game winning streak and 10-6 record would be good enough to win the division and return them to the playoffs for the seventh consecutive year.
By March 1994, Maspeth Federal Savings foreclosed on the building's $1.1 million mortgage, and Henry Wimpfheimer, a lawyer, was appointed receiver by Justice Herman Cahn of State Supreme Court.
''The basic deal is you've got to go fast all the time,'' Lewis said, ''and sail the least amount of miles with the most amount of wind.
Yesterday, however, she obtained a battery for the beeper, and when she placed it in the beeper and closed the case, the charge from the battery sparked the blasting cap.
''Scraped water-damaged plaster from entire bathroom.
Last week, we made progress, but today we went back to our old habits.
For nearly five years, the Federal investigators have been examining accusations of kickbacks and other forms of corruption in government and social service agencies in Dodge County.
Coach Scotty Bowman, in his mad-scientist mode, continually mixes and stirs his personnel elements, the whole never really equaling the sum of its parts.
Offenses that could bring a 45-day expulsion were expanded to include not only gun possession but also bringing drugs or other weapons to school.
13 5 3 DIANA, PRINCESS OF WALES, edited by Michael O'Mara.
Safety Tyrone Braxton returned an interception for another touchdown, and John Elway accounted for the lone touchdown by the Denver offense ona pass to Rod Smith.
Tele-Communications, short of cash, has been the focus of recent billion-dollar investment rumors; press reports have identified Microsoft as a possible suitor.
Taylor, whose life (1856-1915) coincided with America's period of pell-mell industrialization, was born into an affluent, landed family in suburban Philadelphia.
Avalanche 3, Penguins 3 Adam Deadmarsh had a goal and an assist as Colorado came back from a two-goal deficit to tie in Denver.
A similar suit was filed in the same Amarillo court in June by Texas cattle ranchers after a segment on ''The Oprah Winfrey Show'' that focused on mad cow disease.
Mr. Giuliani also said some of the new revenue may have come from early payment of property taxes.
It was sold to the Navy in 1946.
The old Greek columns are still a good backdrop for summer plays and concerts, though years ago someone planted maples down the middle of the sightline from the Towers to the Chateau.
''He may not want to compromise, but it doesn't look like he has a lot of choice.
The mother, Kathi Herren, 32, said her conviction on Thursday sent the wrong message for parents who want to discipline their children.
A celebration of young musicians' excellence brings 1,000 singers and players together with Sayard Stone's Connecticut Chamber Orchestra in a weekend ''Festival'' at Yale.
But he maintains he had sound reasons for playing in replacement games.
What makes matters difficult for the MetroStars is that they will play without their defenders Rhett Harty and Branco.
Partly because many visitors do not see signs of hunger at all, they sometimes say that aid organizations are exaggerating the crisis to get more contributions.
Late last night, the police arrested a 14-year-old boy, Maquam Clarke, who lives at 29 Avenue W, the 16-story building outside which the victim, John DeCarlo, was working.
Mr. Johnson, a liberal arts student at the school, apparently jumped from the window in Day Hall at about 8 P.M. Monday, after locking himself in his dormitory room, university officials said.
But this was not an alley cat tipping over a garbage can.
He looks like a nice, athletic family man, Ward Cleaver talking X's and O's.
Ed Rossbach's ''Young Hercules'' is an example of a ''textile about textiles.''
Brian Maye, their top linebacker, will play for the first time since a four-game suspension, a result of last year's campus gambling investigation.
Already, new faces appeared today among tobacco industry lobbyists present at the negotiations, said one person familiar with the talks.
Confirming my own instinct, he said he was convinced that I was shot at the same spot.
Van Gundy said Starks initially sustained the injury against Phoenix more than two weeks ago, and has yet to play free of pain since colliding with KEVIN JOHNSON in Phoenix.
Ms. Scafo rejected those charges on behalf of the company's female employees.
Most construction executives say they view the problems as transitory.
One official said one of the women has been a staff sergeant in the Old Guard ceremonial unit in Washington.
In fact, Nikola Deretic, one of the senior editors, made it clear that the political struggle between Pale and Banja Luka does not include a difference in point of view about the Bosnian Serb cause in general.
According to the market segmenters, whatever drew me here drew my neighbors too.
Elizabeth (Baby) Doe, who admits to being attracted at first by Horace's money and power, is a refreshingly unsentimental creation.
The bodies of two teen-age boys were found today in a ditch after they were pulled into a storm drain by rushing flood waters, a police spokesman said.
The school will begin this fall with 100 students in kindergarten through sixth grade, drawn from Edison Township, Highland Park, Milltown and New Brunswick, eventually growing to include 250 students from kindergarten through 12th grade.
We're perfectly normal healthy people.
And Tom Gold was amusing as a Harlequin whose antics were interrupted by attacks of aches and pains.
Her bathing suits debuted at a meet in Hershey, Pa., in 1982.
''If you want to go by the rules, yes, there were too many players on the ice, but we were making a change,'' he said.
''By encouraging us to be individuals, Paul's work disperses the negative energy that might otherwise take over,'' said Francie Huber, who is, after nine years with Mr. Taylor, the company's senior member.
Several of Dr. Mahathir's ambitious building projects will be put on hold, and expensive imports like aircraft and ships will be halted.
And though the newly promoted Mr. Kulikov has tens of thousand of tax inspectors and tax police at his disposal, some experts doubt he will be effective.
Mr. Trump noted that he built Trump Plaza in 1984, before most of the city's other casinos existed.
The author does not want to be identified or drawn further into the dispute, according to a relative.
Though Partnoy comes to deplore the deception, the evidence is that most players know what is going on.
So I had a special cannon built for the Tropicana showroom, and they said they would give it a try.''
The last time Tampa Bay did that was 18 years ago.
They fought and died together, from Korea to Vietnam.
''If the committee decides to investigate 'Gentleman's Agreement,' '' Rose added, ''it might not be a bad idea to investigate the Thomas committee.''
''Your PC is something you get real intimate with and you really do think of as yours.
The three professors cheered on sports teams, dropped by fraternity parties and were, Mr. Tunick said, ''men's men.''
The designer Jean-Paul Gaultier arrived without pants and brandishing a black sink plunger.
Fourteen programs -- seven buys and seven sells -- lifted the Dow 22.32 points, according to Birinyi Associates, a research firm.
''They had a game under their belt, which was a benefit to them.
Michael Walzer's thoughts on toleration are sweeping and lofty, but -- regrettably -- he writes with a theoretician's myopia and a sad degree of historical naivete.
Pepper Schwartz, a University of Washington sociology professor who drives a Ford Explorer and actually uses it to pull a horse trailer, said she could not stand rental cars now.
Closing the Door Ni Growth, which has $79 million in assets, plans to close at $100 million.
Mr. Ricketts had been active in Detroit-area civic affairs for decades.
''It was a success for the workers but the Government failed,'' said Juan Camilo Restrepo, a senator with the Conservative Party.
Work started in March at Life Style at Bloomingdale, 14 one- and two-family homes rising at the corner of Crabtree Avenue and Bloomingdale Road in the Bloomingdale section.
Envy, in turn, has been exploited into a strong resentment among some over the abrupt way things have changed.
Friday's, the restaurant chain, introduced single-serving bottles of drinks sold at its bars with names like Oatmeal Cookie and Monkey Bite, which it says are aimed at men aged 30 or older.
There are different comfort levels, and the one that belongs to the Yankees is plummeting.
If successful, CNN would be the first American news organization to have a bureau in Havana since the Cuban Government expelled the last resident Associated Press correspondent in 1969.
Marty has already amassed a backlog of 8-millimeter movies recording the pranks he and his brother Mark (Devon Sawa) play on their baby brother.
For now, this city of 74,000 people wants all the homeless people out of the church lot.
''We're looking at 39 months of declining families on public assistance.''
Irabu, joined by Nomura, a lawyer and two representatives of the players association, appeared before a four-man panel of Major League Baseball officials who have been directed to study the relationship with Japanese baseball generally and Irabu's status specifically.
And the embassy would frequently turn to Mr. Kanchanalak to set up meetings and tours.
One hopes that its message will be studied and heeded by national leaders and opinion makers on both sides of the Atlantic.
So Dr. Dong withdrew the paper.
At a time when the explosive growth of television had caught Madison Avenue off guard, he became such an accomplished and sought-after director that he helped form and operate what became the industry's largest commercial studio, MPO Television Films (later MPO Videotronics), which turned out as many as 2,000 commercials a year.
asked one neighbor when I made the mistake of venturing into the street.
At Northwestern University in Evanston, Ill., and at Carnegie-Mellon University in Pittsburgh, engineers have designed programs that converse with people and respond appropriately to their emotions.
''It's got to happen in the next few months.''
Loving sister of Mary Ellen Phillip.
Would some entrepreneur seek to clone enough Michael Jordans to make an unbeatable basketball dynasty?
''The rumors are going rampant, and some of them are very bizarre,'' Lieutenant Lipscomb said.
Memorials to the ASPCA, 424 East 92 Street, New York, New York 10128.
''But then I thought, I should be spontaneous, because I think honesty is the best.''
LE FANION, 299 West Fourth Street, at Bank Street; 463-8760.
Saputo's planned offer would equal $28 (Canadian) a share.
But the Van Cliburn Foundation, which administers the competition, has been reconsidering its own responsibility in helping its winners make the most of their prizes, particularly the concerts and management component.
With the battery life of Patrick Ewing and Charles Oakley nearing an end, the Knicks were more than willing to give up four players to add up to the salary cap number of Mills, who was the Celtics' prime free-agent pickup this summer, signing a seven-year deal worth $33.6 million.
He pleaded guilty last year and is serving a 10-month sentence at an undisclosed location.
As the House this week considers a measure to reauthorize Amtrak, the national passenger rail system, among the most interested onlookers will be the private freight rail companies, which could benefit greatly from an obscure provision in the bill.
Welsh Approve Assembly By a surprisingly narrow three-hundredths of 1 percent, the Welsh voted to accept London's offer to create a local assembly.
In north-central Kentucky, small towns flooded to their rooftops.
Intel shares fell 53.125 cents yesterday, to $95.125.
Last year, he opened his shop here, across the street from the Beau Rivage site.
Though turkeys have no teeth, they accumulate sand and small stones in their gizzards to grind hard seeds.
Jonathan Miller's thoughtful and subdued direction tries to humanize Stravinsky's cast of Hogarthian characters.
No such call was made, said state regulators and Public Service Electric and Gas Company, which owns the pipe.
Nonetheless, this is prime Tarantino country, the landscape in which he has set his latest film, which opened on Thursday, and previously shot large segments of ''Pulp Fiction'' and ''Reservoir Dogs.''
''The board and the Chancellor worked very closely together.''
Besides reducing the danger and delays caused by icy pavement, the new system should reduce corrosion (on the bridge and on the cars that use it) and free up salt truck drivers.
THE NANNY MURDER TRIAL: MASSACHUSETTS V. WOODWARD.
The Fidelity Emerging Markets fund lost 23.5 percent of its value in the first nine months of this year and a cumulative 33 percent in the three years ended in September.
At this point we could double the season, as I hope to, and still not be in danger of that.''
The Palmers are longtime horse fanciers, and they got into the trash-hauling business, Mrs. Palmer said, ''because these horses need to pay their way.''
''I just told him the second half would make a difference.''
But those who arranged the deal dispute that point, too.
Dotsus Further More Trouble, to a breed victory and second in the group.
British officials have made it clear that they hope the Clinton Administration will continue to put pressure on Sinn Fein to persuade the I.R.A.
In Act I, a young 19th-century woman, Murasaki, who turns to prostitution to rescue her family, commits suicide in the hope she will be reincarnated into a happier life.
In an era when mail-order catalogues like Land's End and Victoria's Secret seem to breed out of control, the new vans have the large cargo area needed to haul dozens of plastic bins brimming with junk mail.
''Wasn't it in 'Broadcast News,' when one of the characters says, 'What happens when your fantasies don't equal reality?'
Dr. Patrick Bosque, a prion expert and neurologist at the University of San Francisco School of Medicine, said that the reports were interesting but that the techniques used to find the receptors had many problems that could lead to false results.
2 on Billboard, Dr. Bach's homegrown musical talent gained national notoriety.
''I am your shadow,'' he wrote.
''All the men and women across America who are teamsters stood tall.''
Those divisions may ultimately defeat the purpose of expansion, which President Clinton heralded as the creation of a Europe that for the first time is undivided, democratic and at peace.
As Times Square changes day by day into a new entertainment zone of 3-D virtual reality rides and cartoon-character stores, theme restaurants and cafes, Broadway as a synonym for theater risks losing a cherished identity, some theater people say.
And she avoided the trash talk that threatened to turn this Olympic figure-skating preview into a professional wrestling match.
''Young people who are thirsty for justice and human rights, they enter that movement and after that it's almost impossible for them to be free of it,'' said Park Hong, a Jesuit priest and former dean of Sogang University.
We felt we could work from within.''
Some say the changes could jeopardize the nation's tradition of universal phone service.
''I had imagined this city to be a palace, something beautiful,'' she said.
Edward Wasserman, the former business editor at The Miami Herald who now publishes Miami Business Reviews, three business weeklies covering South Florida, was even blunter.
''In all fairness, much of what they've added is in the Pentagon's five-year plan,'' said Lawrence J. Korb, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and an Assistant Secretary of Defense in the first term of the Reagan Administration.
The collection, which was being sold by Edmund de Unger, a Hungarian collector, was estimated to bring in $25 million, but the sale totaled only $5.5 million.
The man claiming to be Edwin Bulus, who arrived in May 1995, was not such a person.
Mr. Greider shows the perpetual ambiguity of events from the global citizen's point of view: when Boeing transfers production to China in exchange for access to its market, Mr. Greider is torn between lamenting the loss of good American jobs and cheering the Chinese, for whom plane building offers a path out of poverty.
As an example, he cited the building at 600 Fifth Avenue, which is part of Rockefeller Center.
If there's something negative in there, my husband and I discuss it with them.''
Bus Signs in the Sky Q.
The producers of ''Godzilla,'' the movie, are the producers of last summer's hit ''Independence Day,'' known for ear-splitting explosions and flying debris.
Channel 4 Films, originally founded to produce movies for television, such as Stephen Frears's ''My Beautiful Laundrette,'' had begun making feature films.
The school, with 655 girls in kindergarten through 12th grade, is at the far eastern edge of 83d Street, housed in a 12-story, factory-style building that Mrs. Halpert calls a ''vertical matchbox.''
''I was well under way in my research for 'Ground Zero' when Tailhook happened,'' Ms. Francke said, referring to the scandal that evolved in the wake of charges of sexual misconduct by enlisted men, including officers, present at a Navy convention held in 1991 at the Las Vegas Hilton Hotel.
The Westchester Hevra Kadisha charges $180, $30 of which goes to defray operating costs, with the remaining $150 going to charities.
One method involves heavy computer computations, and the other, heavy lifting and building.
And Fassel said of Holmgren, ''It's neat to see a guy have success who's a nice guy.''
If it is approved, voters will select delegates in November 1998 and the convention will open the following spring.
9 Cache of Bombs Is Found The authorities in Georgia found 16 bombs in the home of a theft suspect who was wounded in a gun fight with sheriff's deputies in Roopville, Ga., but they said they had no evidence that the man was involved in the recent attack on a bar in Atlanta or with the bomb that exploded during the Olympics there in July.
The talk, at 6:30 P.M. at the academy, 1083 Fifth Avenue (89th Street), will be followed by a cocktail reception and preview of the show which runs from Friday through March 23.
Switzerland and Belgium have also disclosed plans to divest themselves of part of their gold holdings.
Mr. King also dismissed the recent attacks on his family as the growling of old lions, and he recalled that his father also was a reluctant leader who was not always instantly accepted.
The military investigators, led by Maj. Gen. Richard S. Siegfried, who retired in 1995, found that while the Army had an adequate written policy for combatting sexual misconduct in its ranks, the policy ''has failed in practice.''
For weeks, Dr. Richer, an American, and aid workers from CARE International have been trying to determine the extent of an outbreak of sleeping sickness that is spreading quickly through the villages here in the southwestern part of the Sudan along the border of the Central African Republic.
Their reaction was based on instinct, as one of their players, Charlie Ward, was being body-slammed by a Heat player, P. J.
The Federal Government would pay to help create the tests, officials said, and would also cover the costs for each school district of administering them for the first time.
In ''The Pursuit of the Ideal,'' he suggested that ''Utopias have their value -- nothing so wonderfully expands the imaginative horizons of human potentialities -- but as guides to conduct they can prove literally fatal.''
''There was some evidence already it was harmful,'' he added, referring to losses of assignments for blue-chip brands like Miller Lite beer, Kellogg's Raisin Bran cereal and Samsonite luggage.
''As the Genovese godfather,'' Mr. Martens said, ''Cirillo in effect is the most important crime boss in America -- the leader of the commission that oversees all Mafia families.''
My grandfather Ernest Patterson was a railroad engineer and they lived in a small mountain town in western North Carolina.''
Survived by her daughter, Amber Benson, sister, Karin Singer, mother, Ethlyn Pastina, and former husband, Lawrence Benson.
MORGAN STATE -- Announced freshman QB David Hale and freshman PK Jesus Tarrango have left the football team for personal reasons.
Mr. Ruffin said, ''Our kids understood the story, gestures, relationships.''
The introduction of interleague play has produced the first inter league suspensions.
The bridegroom's previous marriage ended in divorce.
''We have worked with the police and the Mayor to shut down crack houses.''
''Blood and Wine'' is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian).
The bride, 28, is the author of ''The Sistahs' Rules: Secrets for Meeting, Getting, and Keeping a Good Black Man,'' to be released next month by Quill/William Morrow & Company.
The sad truth is that Battery Park City is itself a memorial: a post-modern shrine to a New York that never was.
At the parent company level, sales grew 4.9 percent, to 3.69 trillion yen.
Nor will a European federal budget transfer resources to Italy, as the United States Federal budget transfers money to depressed areas through Medicare and Social Security payments.
That high-luxe building has a swimming pool, gardens and private rooms at its base, all overlooking the East River, and apartments with servants' quarters the size of some Connecticut homes.
tracked hundreds of boats around Long Island and New York Harbor, and inspected decks for burn marks that might have come from a missile firing.
She had not expected to play until the coach saw her on the sideline at halftime and asked her to put on a uniform.
Our path into Hamilton takes us by the Rosedon Hotel, where we spot a large patch of mostly white and lavender flowers growing in the center of the lawn.
Hornets 123, Suns 115 Glen Rice had 36 points and host Charlotte held Phoenix to 6-of-22 shooting in the fourth quarter to win for the 14th time in 19 games.
The commissioner would normally act on an application for reinstatement, but in the absence of a commissioner, the executive council makes the decision.
Deirdre Daly, a former assistant United States Attorney in White Plains, could have found herself prosecuting cases in which lawyers from her husband's firm, Gage & Pavlis, represented the defendants.
Reebok had obtained its role not by auditioning or schmoozing producers, but by providing Tristar more than $1.5 million in merchandise, advertising, promotional support and other benefits.
I think it's important for us to remember what these hearings are and what they are not.
While much of Wall Street is still skeptical about Kmart's long-term outlook, the response to the earnings news was positive.
''Office Depot would've gotten a real boost if the merger had gone through, because Staples advertising is second to none in the industry,'' said Aram Rubinson, an analyst with Paine Webber in New York.
What they find, recast into modern concepts, the Chinese long ago named qi.
The exhibition of sculptures, installations and photographs generated by this film, at the Barbara Gladstone Gallery in Chelsea, is beautiful, too, but also vacantly decorative, nearly devoid of meaning without seeing the film.
Four members of the Paoletti clan were arrested in New York on a variety of state and Federal charges after 57 deaf immigrants were found living in two apartments in Queens: Delia, Adriana, 29, Jose, 28, and a cousin, Alfredo Rustrian Paoletti, who is Mr. Paoletti Moreda's nephew.
Dr. Mohr said he guided Mr. Reagan away and wondered ''what had caused the change and what was going to happen.''
Mr. Ho said: ''Not too many places serve it anymore.
Still, the UConn players said they had no doubt they could return from that 15-point deficit.
The Swiss commission was created after years of stinging criticism, particularly from the World Jewish Congress in New York, that Switzerland should acknowledge its wartime financial practices that some American specialists believe helped prolonged the war.
Asked about the severity of the penalty, Bill Hunter, executive director of the players association, said in a phone interview: ''My contention is that it is due to what had cumulated before.
Coincidentally her application for group insurance through a professional organization was approved, and she went for an examination.
That may be wisdom on Mr. Grisham's part.
Franks (R) Yea Yea 8.
*Travel Web (www.travelweb.com) offers ''an excellent level of detail in searching for and booking a hotel,'' the article states, but goes on to say that ''in other areas you'll find other sites more useful.''
These trips, business disguised as pleasure, always involve visits to karaoke clubs, and Mr. Juliano is expected to perform, whether he wants to or not.
Fire and police officials said they were investigating whether reports of a fire in a garbage can on Sunday morning had a connection to today's blaze.
In a heavy-bottomed casserole over medium heat, warm the olive oil.
I was at the corner of Broadway and Houston, just a half-hour from kickoff time.
Individual hopes to close a transaction by the end of the first quarter of 1997.
Ms. Guerin's stylish ports de bras and precise and flashing footwork were a special pleasure.
Woods birdied the par-4 eighth hole by making a great second shot -- a 9-iron approach that landed three feet from the cup.
It cannot touch my heart.
Chief Cronin said investigators did not believe the fight was gang-related.
The Vienna's differences from other orchestras are fragile, and one can only hope that questions of social inequity can be resolved without damage.
When he struck out on his own, he said, he rode horseback into the state of Minas Gerais (which means General Mines), negotiating with the wildcat miners and gold panners called garimpeiros.
Removing Dental Stains The various mildly abrasive toothpastes on the market can lighten certain stains without damaging the enamel, among them Aquafresh Whitening Toothpaste, Rembrandt Whitening Toothpaste and the newest product, Mentadent Advanced Whitening Toothpaste.
Songs came and went, the root beer got stale, and the air-conditioning could barely keep time with the heat, which seemed to be thickening as the darkness grew.
In scathing decisions, two judges ordered the workers reinstated in jobs they had effectively lost during the strike and compensated -- by what came to $2 million in back pay and interest combined.
The idea has been endorsed by New York City schools officials, who say it would move misclassified students out of special education.
The Hoyas had survived in a season that has already grown so frustrating that Thompson conducted a two-hour practice from 3 A.M. to 5 A.M. last Sunday after the flight home from a loss at Miami.
they believed was lurking behind the Hale-Bopp comet were an object lesson in the evils of the Internet, that Black Lagoon of mind-control cults and conspiracy theories.
With 20 minutes left in the class he said, 'And now, ladies and gentlemen, the concertmaster will conduct'.''
Mr. Pataki's remarks will be his opening bid on the negotiations over the state budget and are likely to be the focus of intense debate, particularly since the state faces a $3 billion deficit in the fiscal year that begins on April 1.
Although Mr. Gujral did not mention Laloo Prasad Yadav by name, his anti-corruption broadside at a public meeting today was clearly aimed at the chief minister of Bihar State and the former head of the Prime Minister's own party, the Janata Dal, or People's Party.
Critics also link the swine flu vaccine to Guillain-Barre syndrome, a paralytic disease, which can be traced to an immunological response to the inoculation.
James S. Milford, acting deputy administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, testified that his agency considered the Mexican traffickers ''a more distinct danger'' than the Colombian cocaine cartels, because the Mexicans smuggled a variety of drugs and had ''a proclivity for extreme violence.''
There will be no mouse in this game.
The fund bought the shares, which trade on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, for the equivalent of about $2 a share; since then, the value has fallen to less than $1 each.
Loving brother of Esther Naiburg and Michael Kent.
And how long is that?
Barry Switzer won a vote of confidence from the Dallas Cowboys' owner, Jerry Jones, but even that will probably not end the National Football League's longest-running soap opera.
Chaney and the team dedicated the season to Maloney, who was the antithesis of the volatile Chaney.
As this former preppie brat has matured (he is now 50), his funny, self-lacerating autobiographical songs have deepened without losing their sharp comic edge.
Instead, she chose Hudson County Community College, just five blocks from her apartment in Jersey City.
also quoted the account of a 15-year-old boy, too frightened to give his name, who said soldiers captured him in the forest.
8TH DISTRICT INCUMBENT Martha W. Bark, Republican, 69, of Medford Township; environmental consultant; former Assemblywoman; appointed to Senate in January.
Mattel Inc., the toy maker in El Segundo, Calif., said yesterday that as expected it had divided responsibilities for its newly acquired domestic Tyco Toys business among its three roster shops: Foote, Cone & Belding in Los Angeles, Ogilvy & Mather Los Angeles and the New York office of Young & Rubicam Advertising.
It's hard to find commercial releases worth viewing these days, particularly if you live in Juneau, Alaska.
They suffered another injury, possibly a serious one, to a third checking forward.
They have very high expectations and demands.
Like a similar study it did last year of access to gifted and talented programs, the group found that parents in poorer community school districts had more trouble getting information on the specialized high schools and that their children did not have equal access to advanced math and science lessons.
Bled Castle Museum, Open daily 8 A.M. to 7 P.M.
MATCH POINTS AMANDA COETZER, a South African who trains in Florida and claimed not to be bothered by the heat here, reached the semifinals Tuesday by ousting KIMBERLY PO, a Californian ranked 23d, 6-4, 6-1.
''I was getting bored out there.
There are about a dozen hotels on the island.
Mr. Blauberg said his style would be unlike anything he had done in the past.
America thrives on aggression, in my opinion.
Is the play meant to be funny?
Different customers would get charged for his electricity.''
That is, until you hear every side of the story.
That wall has been composed of many elements: the secrecy of Algeria's rulers, known simply as ''le Pouvoir'' or ''the Power''; the intractability of a murky conflict; Western diplomatic inertia in a country where the choices appear particularly delicate, and the fact that Algeria's oil and natural gas have kept flowing to American and European companies.
It was often suggested that as an actor he sacrificed his career for his principles.
The other networks have similar plans.
Dr. Kramer apparently regards this weakening of commitment to others as a permanent fact before which we must all bow and make excuses.
Yet in retrospect, what those episodes underscored is how agile Asian economies are and how nimbly they can adjust to adversity.
So we're going to do it as a team.
It was expected that Green and the Vikings would part ways at the end of this season, and it is unclear whether this victory will change anything.
The emotional aspects of what-if situations are not something I even think about.''
In ''Bonobo,'' Dr. de Waal draws upon his own research as well as that of many other primatologists to sketch a portrait of a species much less familiar to most people than are the other great apes -- the gorilla, the orangutan and the so-called common chimpanzee.
''You're not on the fast track; you're on the retirement track,'' he said.
Another financial consultant to the panel, Scott J. Rubin, said under the plan the authority would pay $7.3 billion for physical assets of Lilco that were worth $2.1 billion, or about three and a half times book value.
I came here because this is the only place in America where people come just to eat and drink.''
Leetch took only one more shift today after he rejoined his teammates with 4:29 remaining in the game.
But today Mr. Papon said coolly, in another context: ''It is not my custom to resign.
Sainthood may be the rarer title, but the reputation lasts forever.
Mr. Shaw struck too soon and, for the first time, elicited frustration.
Returned LW Barrie Moore to Rochester.
And nonsense and knowledge came tumbling out, whispering mysteries, history's shout the wisdom of wizards, some songs of the ages, all wonders of wandering wonderful pages.
It is rose colored, stenciled velvet with gold and silver Venetian Renaissance designs.
Equally important, he puts these events into a rich historical context by comparing them with episodes in the German past (especially the revolutions of 1848 and 1918-19), with developments in the rest of Eastern Europe and even with trends in the capitalist West.
Two police detectives report on the O. J. Simpson case.
In his study, at a far corner of the house, the proof sheets of ''Resurrection,'' one of his last full-length novels, rest on a desk between bronze candlesticks, along with the author's notes for corrections.
The shares of the Chaparral Steel Company rose 15 percent yesterday after the company received an unsolicited offer from Texas Industries to buy the 15 percent of stock it does not already own.
The stop molding on older windows is apt to be dry and inflexible, so lift carefully at the nail locations to avoid breaking it.
As far as throwing to Brady, it has not happened.
She graduated from the University of Vermont.
I can't sleep since I was briefed.
''I've been on them pretty good,'' Parcells said.
But who said bad boy isn't a strong position, high concept, bankable?
''You have a prison system where black men are back in servitude, along with an economy where blacks are in the low paying jobs,'' he said, ''so it all ends up in the minds of black Americans that the system is basically rigged to diminish their political power and recreate the plantation system with prisons.''
She passes her days trying to retain the English she learned in school by listening to broadcasts of the Voice of America and the British Broadcasting Corp. She had to borrow cab fare to come across town to meet a visitor.
The hall's acoustics, overseen by Russell Johnson's firm, Artec, can be optimized for unamplified music by lowering the stage ceiling and deploying a reflecting panel directed toward the audience.
A formal system of relief would make him or her ''a whole person again.''
Visitors can also enter through a small templelike rotunda, tucked into the facade's western corner.
But recently they dropped their opposition as they sought approval from Ottawa to enter the lucrative fields of insurance and leasing.
The rabbis themselves say this.
The changes will not affect prices.
The last time I obsessed over the proper Look was when I began working at The New York Times.
The magician David Copperfield is preparing to open a theme restaurant nearby in which customers will be levitated as they eat and occasionally made to disappear.
A deaf immigrant from Mexico, Margarito Flores, 39, of Anaheim, Calif., said it was easier for other deaf immigrants to understand the hardships that went with the job.
When I visited Los Angeles, people there bragged about the laws that protected pedestrians.
''That is a little bit like saying blacks can be racist against whites,'' Ms. Sichel is quoted as saying.
Does that cutesy image upset you?
Part of the reason, of course, is that her clothes are so historically referential that they border on costume.
''In Britain, the presence of two parallel transverse lines on the face of a check means that the check is to be deposited into a bank account and not cashed over the counter,'' Mr. Trebach said.
Sometimes you have to boost the morale of your own people.''
EXTRA POINTS The Giants ran 89 plays in their annual intrasquad scrimmage Saturday afternoon.
A recipe from 1794 discovered at Congregation Mickve Israel in Savannah, Ga., one of the earliest synagogues in America, described the dish as a ''compound formed of almonds, apples, & C. Worked up to the consistence of lime.''
But, he added, Mr. Chung was ''always energetic and enthusiastic about everything.''
In theory, these risks would be eliminated for an investor rich enough to buy up shares of the whole industry, at least according to the ''Merck analysis.''
''The presence of campus housing also may be related to crime rates,'' it said.
But all he was really doing was walking batter after batter and getting frustrated.
It would serve as evidence, in my opinion, that this Administration does not wish to achieve consensus on the difficult issue of race but is instead intent on playing wedge politics.''
Even that may shrink because as many as 450 of the church's 3,000 members are moving out of town, abandoning damaged homes near the river, Mr. Johnson said.
Joseph (Howard Rollins) recalls his blackout behind the wheel of a car that left his 5-year-old son in intensive care.
Viacom Inc.'s MTV unit said yesterday that it would broadcast music videos to consumers' personal computers using technology developed by the Intel Corporation.
There was the frightened Isringhausen in May, when doctors checked for signs of cancer before determining that he had tuberculosis.
We have reacted and responded as we should, when information was presented.
He acquired the rights to use the tunnel from the city's Department of Transportation and in 1982 founded the Brooklyn Historic Railway Association to run trolleys through it.
The head of the Hanbo conglomerate was arrested today on charges of bouncing millions of dollars in checks drawn to finance his steel company, which collapsed last week.
''Not only was he a great astrophysical theorist, he was also a superb experimentalist -- a rare combination,'' Dr. Peebles said.
Mr. Piersanti compared the traditional focus on the exploits of New York publishers to the ''battles between the various giant railroads while the real action was in the growth of new modes of transportation.''
To the thousands who revered her, Dr. Shabazz, an administrator at Medgar Evers College in Brooklyn, was a role model, an educator, and the keeper of her husband's legacy.
Most of the manuscript was recently delivered under subpoena to the Independent Counsel, who is belatedly trying to establish a connection between Clinton and the college friend of Carlisle's who brought the agent the proposal.
''When you have a systemic shock of this type, you normally get a moment of hesitation,'' he said.
After moving to New York City, she pursued her love of the arts.
Despite all the financial forces at work, it is often the personal circumstances of the chief executive that sets a deal in motion.
who directed the study, surmised that more freshmen today might have been trying to get an edge in college admissions.
It is as if his hand is coming through the screen nonchalantly offering you a drag.
Griese directed an offense that did not commit a turnover and maintained its balance, with 204 rushing yards and 282 passing yards.
Mr. Kim's lawyer, James Gore, said: ''Mr.
''We went crazy,'' Conine said.
Rejecting a more lucrative bid from officials in New Jersey, the Standard & Poor's Corporation, a fixture of New York City's financial industry since 1860, agreed yesterday to keep its 2,057 employees in Manhattan through the year 2019 in exchange for a package of tax incentives and energy discounts worth at least $23.7 million.
''Inaction is not an option, nor can we take action in some places where these whales occur but not in others,'' she said.
Cora Hysinger, the owner of the shop and the designer of the bouquetlike lampshades, credits her use of bright colors, fringe, beads and sequins to her love of the opulent 1920's.
WHY THE GIFT WAS SUCH A SURPRISE -- Colleagues who knew Judith Ross were shocked that this modest woman who gave no indication of wealth could leave behind such an impressive endowment.
The tower can be explored on guided visits only, Monday to Saturday at 11 A.M. and 2 P.M. from March to October; extra tours in midsummer.
One Yankee official conceded that Gooden had ruined his rosy relationship with Steinbrenner because of the incident and speculated that this slap on the wrist could be an indication of the erosion.
The punishment, handed down by Judge Ellen Bree Burns, was a liberal departure from Federal sentencing guidelines, and was based in part on family circumstances, Federal prosecutors said.
''And if we don't need those three salt spreaders on the Brooklyn Bridge, I'm sure there are other places they would be needed during a storm.''
Had the Fed bumped rates up closer to 7 percent in the first quarter of 1987, it might have orchestrated a soft landing of the economy and avoided the market turmoil to come, he said.
Today, Jones was smiling again, and for good reason.
Thompson led all scorers with 26 points.
Mr. Ford, who was a member of the commission, wanted a change to show that the bullet entered Kennedy ''at the back of his neck'' rather than in his uppermost back, as the commission originally wrote.
'' Back in Kisangani, Marie, a vivacious woman with a quick laugh that rings like a bell, grips her son and suddenly becomes edgy as she confides her worries about her husband.
Sean, Kelle, Dakota, Mother, Lee and John
''It beats any class I've ever taken -- I just watch her,'' Ms. Desideri said of Ms. Channing.
Jackson, who is not a fan of the bowl alliance setup to concoct a matchup of the No.
Steffi Graf and Pete Sampras, the top-ranked players, were seeded at No.
But he added that he could not make a more positive diagnosis and that Mr. Alston's death made it unlikely that doctors will ever know for sure what caused his apparent seizures.
They don't hit their children enough.''
Already, he hustles for the most basic equipment in his classes, collecting filing cabinets from Boeing.
There is no such grand design behind ''The Diary of Anne Frank'' and none was ever intended.
''I didn't know how to build a house,'' he said.
Chocolatier Plans to Move La Maison du Chocolat, the French chocolatier at 25 East 73d Street, has taken over 2,000 square feet of space at 1018 Madison Avenue (78th Street), where it will relocate in the spring, adding a tea salon to its chocolate boutique.
Here is Newt Gingrich personally holding open a key roll call so his lieutenants can round up votes.
The authority, on the other hand, is worried that if it does not sell the site quickly, the surging real estate market could falter, forcing it to accept a lower price.
Nothing complicated about this, our doctor thinks: ''routine psychiatry.''
Ronald W. Roge, a financial adviser in Bohemia, N.Y., says he recommends that investors put one-third of their equity capital into foreign stocks.
Today's set of price figures followed Friday's report that prices at the producer level climbed four-tenths of 1 percent once the erratic food and energy components were disregarded.
Then it was time to pose The Question.
Demi Moore's ''Striptease'' and Marlon Brando's ''Island of Dr. Moreau'' top the list with six nominations each.
The commission can also move to suspend Tyson's license, as opposed to revoking it, and 18 months would apparently be the lightest suspension.
The game of chess differs from tic-tac-toe only in its complexity, and for the computer to play it well says little about its capability to think like a human.
''Part of my training as a landscape artist enabled me to do the portrait out of doors,'' he said.
''In and Out,'' which opens on Sept. 19, tells the story of a Middle West high school teacher (Kevin Kline) who is forced to confront the possibility that he is gay.
Not all of the record 45 million visitors to the J.P.L.
The incident occurred at 3:07 P.M. on Wednesday on a street crowded with children who were leaving two nearby schools in Hunts Point.
Makoto Kobayashi, the director of the Nagano Organizing Committee, has been arguing with the International Ski Federation, which wants the downhill to start higher up the mountain.
They interrupted that, possibly saved lives, because drunk driving can lead to death, and then they were struck by the diplomats.
In his memoirs, Kissinger recalls a late-night phone call from the President after a White House state dinner in which Nixon asked whether he should fire Haldeman and Ehrlichman; Kissinger recalls judiciously saying that he didn't know enough to answer.
What was it about Unicef that impressed you?
JP Foodservice Inc. said yesterday that it would reduce the amount of stock it issues in its acquisition of Rykoff-Sexton Inc., valuing the food service company at $1.4 billion, including debt.
In addition, the patience of the Fujimori Government -- known for its tough stand against the rebels and loath to grant them a platform for their views -- may well be wearing thin.
''That raised the issue again in the market's mind of trade surplus,'' said Hillel Waxman, chief foreign exchange dealer at the Bank Leumi Trust Company.
But even if this was his mandate, he falls short.
''I view this as a textbook case in marketing, with a lot of lessons for next year.
Most of all, his deep devotion to Deborah and Charlotte.
On one of her couches, the mother in the All-Temp Family announces, ''I'm here til mid-April.''
''He does not follow any path but his own,'' Dr. Watson added.
CBS wants a share of that adult market.
In such a test, he said, the air blowing out of the system through delivery vents is measured and compared with the amount of air going back into the system through return vents.
They have failed to supply large amounts of energy and, perhaps most important, cannot compete with the cheap power derived from fossil fuels.
Such amusements on train trips with teammates were available for McGuire to augment his basketball salary (which was in the low five figures, as opposed to today's high six- and seven-figure contracts).
Hours: Monday through Friday, 10 A.M. to 9 P.M.; Saturday, 10 A.M. to 5 P.M.; Sunday, noon to 5 P.M. Information: (718) 990-8642.
''I think we can go in with Troika Dialog on some of our transactions since we have this personal relationship.''
They would better understand the pressure on men to express themselves creatively while still fitting the image.
Ms. Prague continued: ''One reason there are so many loopholes in the laws now is because there are so many lawyers in the legislature.
Being a first-time Yankee and winning it would be a dream.
An inn in Hastings would complement the efforts of Historic Hudson to promote tourism in the river villages of Westchester County.
From a Homeless Shelter To an Airport Hotel Hampshire Hotels and Resorts, a Manhattan management company, plans to convert a former homeless shelter on the perimeter of Kennedy International Airport into a 200-room hotel.
The rule thus dampens the vigor and limits the variety of public debate.
John MacPherson, who was a sous-chef at An American Place, will be the chef.
Washington's varsity won its opening heat of the Ladies' Plate and its junior varsity scored its second victory of the regatta, defeating Cambridge University's lightweight crew in the Temple Challenge Cup.
Hamilton had written back that a man's size wasn't as important as his determination and courage and inner dimension.
Do not look for a guest appearance by Rum Tum Tugger from ''Cats.''
But he warned that the city was jeopardizing the offer by ''dithering'' over a plan for the island's future.
''The Keeper,'' opening today at the Quad, casts Giancarlo Esposito as a conscientious prison guard who winds up taking his work home.
The Bear Island companies produce 225,000 metric tons of newsprint annually and own 130,000 acres of timberland in Virginia.
Putting aside for the moment that you can never recapture the past, I ate two meals at Chengdu 46 recently that I can only describe as transporting.
Environmentalists counter that by insisting that in the long run, cutting fossil fuels would make the economy more efficient.
A. I don't think they are an isolated community at all.
Practically every aspect of the new Federal law poses an enormous challenge for New York, which is, after California, home to the largest welfare population in the country.
A new Congressional study using data from the Federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms shows that a handful of states, most in the South, with weak gun control laws are responsible for supplying a large percentage of the guns used in crimes in other states.
The food is a fresh and vibrant Italian mix.
A teacher said that his preferred passage, with certain modern overtones, was the one where Sancho buys some fresh, soft cheese from passing shepherds and, in the absence of a container, tips them into his master's helmet.
There are so many complications and so much richness that can arrive from blending families together.
Texaco required that all job openings be posted, supposedly to insure that all candidates would be considered.
Bread pudding is also a winner, but skip the cannoli; the filling is starchy.
The scoreboard would suggest otherwise.
Some hotels offer boxed meals that come ready to eat with plastic utensils, condiments and napkins, from an a la carte menu, but most include an entree, beverage and snack.
After Ms. Close left to prepare for Broadway, Lord Lloyd Webber hired Ms. Dunaway then dismissed her, claiming her singing voice was not up to the role.
''I think the doctors have caught this in its early stages and I am very optimistic that I'll make a full and speedy recovery,'' Gilbert said.
CREEL-Dana S. The Board of Directors and the staff of Boscobel Restoration, Inc. express their sincere sympathy on the death of Dana Creel, for many years a director, a friend, and an advisor.
Yesterday morning, the defense lawyer tried to get a Brooklyn detective, Ivan Rivera, to say that he had slapped Mr. Santiago and tried to choke him during questioning last February at the 79th Precinct house.
The nine former students are Melba Patillo Beals, 55, of Sausalito, Calif., a writer; Elizabeth Eckford, 55, of Little Rock, who is unemployed and on disability; Ernest Green, 56, of Washington, D.C., a managing director of Lehman Brothers investment bank; Gloria Ray Karlmark, 54, of Vught, the Netherlands, a retired lawyer; Carlotta Walls LaNier, 55, of Englewood, Colo., a real estate broker; Terrence D. Roberts, 55, of Pasadena, Calif., the chairman of the psychology department at Antioch University; Jefferson Thomas, 55, of Columbus, Ohio, a financial specialist with the Department of Defense; Ms. Trickey, 56, of Ottawa, Ontario, a social worker; and Thelma Mothershed Wair, 56, of Belleville, Ill., a retired educator.
There simply was no place in Foxboro Stadium on this windy, cold afternoon to refuel.
Even on the church square, where the Sunday literary market was filled with bookworms, the noisiest thing was the church bell.
They uncharacteristically lost their championship cool.
Asa Carter was described as a bigot who helped organize a vicious paramilitary unit, called the Original Ku Klux Klan of the Confederacy, in the 1950's, and for almost 30 years, spewed out racist and anti-Semitic pamphlets.
Her husband, busy greeting businessmen like Charles Dolan of Cablevision, and the other award winners, John C. Bierwith, Gene and Jay Bernstein and Donna Lopiano, recalled sailing on Long Island Sound.
Services were held Friday, July 11, 1997.
Unfortunately for the turkey, it also happens to be fun to hunt and good to eat, facts that nearly spelled its demise by the turn of the century.
Doug Dupin, returning home from Seattle by way of Chicago, waited 20 minutes for his bags at one carousel, only to learn they would be arriving on another, more than 100 yards away.
Local residents, meanwhile, remember avoiding the lower 60's corridor altogether.
But Shelly S. Friedman of Friedman & Gotbaum, a lawyer for the council, said the rear-yard addition was permitted under zoning rules, which give more latitude to ''community facilities'' like scholarly and cultural institutions.
John (Jack) Luby, Democrat, 54, Williamstown mayor; lawyer.
The principal in Treelines is Glenn Schor, who had a general law practice on Court Street for 20 years, but began investing in real estate with a client, the late Louis Markus, a fuel oil dealer and real estate owner.
''The quarterback has to play the game in his mind before the game,'' Fassel said.
The only player to win more was Ty Cobb (12).
He headed the firm's litigation department, served on its governing board and retired at the end of 1988.
with us if we don't win.
On top of the console were many vases filled with natural and artificial flowers; silver chandeliers with blue candles; a small violet velvet missal that closed with a gold lock and a small wooden Christ beautifully worked.''
First let me make the most important statement I think I can make to your question, which is, I have no private information that is inconsistent with the public statements of the Russian Government on President Yeltsin's health.
The Franchise A History of Sports Illustrated Magazine.
Contact the Educated Traveler, Post Office Box 220822, Chantilly, Va. 20153; (800) 648-5168 or (703) 471-1063, fax (703) 471-4807.
''It's no time to be content with first place.
With more than 100 movies available on DVD, the pool is large enough to declare the format a success technically.
Dr. Deyo charged that ''according to its fund-raising letters, the Center for Patient Advocacy is devoted to eliminating funding for the A.H.C.P.R.
''He wasn't ready,'' Net President Michael Rowe said yesterday.
If Japan's markets stumble, so too could those of Hong Kong, Russia, Brazil and other countries whose foreign loans exceed reserves.
Dec. 24, 10:30 P.M., carol sing, ''Esquisse'' by Georges Barboteu with Caitlin Howard, flutist; Howard Howard on French horn, Ruth Negri, harpist.
''I don't want to make a big deal out of this, because there is nothing wrong with my shot, nothing wrong with my form,'' said Mourning, trying to convince himself.
Typically, passengers who pay such fares are business people making last-minute plans, and all airlines are competing aggressively to win them over.
The Bearcats got a big effort from Bobby Brannen, who scored a career-high 14 points and had 5 rebounds.
Britain's Minister for Northern Ireland, Mo Mowlam, said in a statement that the Third Battalion of the Parachute Regiment would ''return to its home base in Great Britain, where it will remain at short notice to redeploy if necessary.''
''I'm shopping for a calendar to give to my wife,'' said Mr. LaRue, a financial services executive from Arlington, Mass.
That is why the Giants' quarterback situation is a contest, not a controversy.
In many cases, groups that back the bill say it would put their members on more of an equal footing with wealthier contributors.
Mackendrick, who was previously known best for ''The Man in the White Suit'' and ''The Ladykillers,'' British comedy classics starring Alec Guinness, once spoke of the crucial importance of the film's three weeks of location work in Manhattan (in the dead of winter), to capture, as he put it, ''the neurotic energy of the crowded sidewalks.''
O'Brien visited the campus Monday after Clemson's RICK BARNES and Georgia's TUBBY SMITH decided to stay where they are.
Nov. 2 and Dec. 8 -- Eleven-night cruises from Genoa, calling at Salerno, Alexandria, Port Said, Ashdod, Kusadasi, Piraeus and Capri.
The plant thrived, in part because it could grow in poor soils or drought conditions, and in part because most of its natural pests remained in Central and South America.
Bill is Bill, I'm Karen, the girls are the girls, this is our life.
Memorial service to be held in California in late July.
Each was labeled a dangerous subversive by his country's ruling establishment; each was jailed for years and faced death for his beliefs, and each survived to become his nation's leader.
The would-be networks, WB and UPN, have a few child-oriented family sitcoms: ''Moesha'' and ''Clueless'' on Tuesdays on UPN, ''Sister, Sister'' and ''The Smart Guy'' on Wednesdays on WB.
The number of rigs searching for gas was down 9 at 472, while miscellaneous drilling projects rose by one, to two.
From that moment on, the audience didn't know what to expect.''
''We got three days left,'' Mr. McGreevey said, speaking in a hoarse voice to more than 300 union members and Democratic Party workers gathered at the Community Center in Newark.
Another said: ''Mothers, wives and children of our prisoners are also waiting for their freedom.
But David Bar-Illan, Mr. Netanyahu's communications director, said today that the Americans have acknowledged that the Prime Minister cannot come up with an agreement now, especially with a new budget to pass by year's end, and were expecting a plan by the middle of January.
''Periods of war are periods of tremendous disruption,'' she said, and sometimes the negative effects are great even when the war is not fought on one's own soil.
The school district is setting aside $200,000 to start the testing; it spends more than $4.5 million on other anti-drug efforts.
's for calcium and folic acid have been issued by a National Institutes of Health panel and the Public Health Service, respectively.
Metromedia International Group Inc., East Rutherford, N.J., 3 million shares of $50 cumulative convertible preferred.
Peter Sellers, the Big Green quarterback, was unimpressed with his performance and that of his teammates.
There were a dozen or so women from a retirement home in California; a two-generation family group from Alabama; a younger (mid-50's) couple from New York, and many retired couples or kinship clusters from the West and Midwest.
Though American Express would not disclose the deal's financial details, Brandweek magazine reported that Mr. Woods would be paid $13 million over five years, including a $5 million up-front fee.
The agreement, which does not constitute an admission of guilt and carries no monetary penalties unless it is breached, also prohibits the company from misrepresenting the amount of fat, saturated fat, cholesterol or calories in any spreads or margarines it makes.
''But in a curious way, the absorption of Hong Kong could help revitalize it.
''We will not negotiate until Bud Selig gives his permission, which should be forthcoming,'' Steinbrenner said, referring to the acting commissioner.
The big guns of the coup had barely fallen silent when Mr. Hoak, who is 46, decided to call it a day.
The Speaker, who has enormous control over all the Council's actions, believes government is a process of compromise and accommodation.
While Boston reporters went way too far in calling the team gutless after the Jets loss, it is not a good omen for a defense when a backup quarterback comes off the bench to beat you the way Glenn Foley did last week.
''They have rights, but it's degrading how they're treated,'' she said.
Companies that provide alternative local phone service could also prove alluring to long-distance carriers seeking to expand into the $90 billion local phone business.
A founding father in the law of tax assessment review, Gene will be missed by all who have benefited from his wisdom and foresight.
Dr. Hugh D. Melnick of Advanced Fertility Services in Manhattan said that he refused requests by women who wanted to secretly add sperm from donors to their husbands' infertile samples before insemination.
Mr. Hill admits it is a commercial draw, but also believes it provides people with a rare experience from another era.
Vaughn, in a 1-for-19 rut that included eight strikeouts, had three hits.
A couple of Arizona's players were even spotted out and about, soaking up the Final Four atmosphere.
Akua'ba versions of a Madonna and child are produced for the tourist trade.
He was a 7-1 upset winner over The Barking Shark, with Ambivalent third, in 2:012/5 for one and a quarter miles.
It sold to an unidentified buyer for $2.5 million, above its high $2 million estimate.
Cordero's attorneys have asked Judge Roanne Sragow to exclude his comments from the trial, which is scheduled to begin Oct. 20.
The 35th, 36th and 37th floors of the building have been closed.
Brother of Dr. Joseph and brother-in-law of Doris.
His father is a partner in Knapp, Marsh, Jones & Doran, a Los Angeles law firm.
In January 1996, three years after the system was introduced, roughly 100,000 rides were bought with the Metrocard each day, compared with 400,000 during the same time this year.
Instead, Tuthill designed for Schinasi a rich, flowing series of rooms that are generically Renaissance, but which also have unusual and distinctive touches.
Scientists visit a Costa Rican jungle that is the breeding ground of dinosaurs.
Mostly it's that ''Degenerate Art'' left unfinished a saga that ''Exiles and Emigres'' finally completes.
Now the miniskirted grandmother who was once the education and teen page editor for The Burlington Free Press, who was co-author of a four-season guidebook to Vermont, who entered the political stage as a young mother of four lobbying for a flashing light at a railroad crossing and who bonded with Bill Clinton at National Governors Association meetings, is on her own, surrounded by servants and bodyguards in the $10 million, four-acre American residence in the heart of Bern.
Two weighty new books; two very different points of view on what remains the primordial American subject: race.
Sue Carmichael, after a furtive glance about to establish that there weren't any other Le Royans around, said, ''Neither do I,'' with a guilty grin.
Romany is what many Gypsies call themselves.
''We will use the ones and market the ones that we think are advantageous to us as we go forward,'' he said.
Mr. Mengoni said that he was busy with his 300 apartments in Manhattan and properties in Nevada, California and in Italy and that he might add to his holdings in the Hamptons.
''At the end of the day, the stocks will still be pretty low,'' Mr. McCormack said.
She said that one of the officers began pushing her father as they tried to escort him from the apartment, and then sprayed Mace in his face.
She said some students could spend the semester at the hotel if enough rooms did not become free.
What if he had been part of the World Series triumph?
Director Louis Freeh and announce today that there will be no independent counsel.
Five-year-olds accept what they understand and don't worry about the rest, which, for them, doesn't exist.
DEPOTECH CORP., San Diego, has agreed to allow a European unit of Pharmacia & Upjohn Inc. to sell its Depocyt cancer drug outside the United States.
But today, the Oakland County medical examiner identified the woman as Nadejda P. Calimachi, 74, of Colchester, Vt., according to a driver's license provided by Dr. Fieger's office.
But he said that he would return in a week for the colt's ultimate goal: winning the Belmont Stakes one week from Saturday and becoming the 12th horse to sweep the Triple Crown.
Mixed in with the stop signs and the $10 bags of marijuana (''will be returned unsmoked'') were eight-track tapes, G.I.
It is enveloped in green wallpaper that looks like grain- painting.
''I had not heard that he broke out the ring,'' Sean Jones said.
BLAZERS 105, LAKERS 99 Isaiah Rider scored 21 of his 26 points in the second half as host Portland handed Los Angeles its second straight loss.
The infected person may also suffer fever, headache and a stiff neck.
But then there are Wolff's riveting photos and archival clips from legendary early performances and more recent events, including the 1996 Stuttgart Open Jazz concert and a club performance by Cassandra Wilson.
The Bronx -- once called ''the worst slum in America'' by former President Carter -- is one of America's top communities, the National Civic League said, announcing its annual top 10 All-America Cities.
My mother was a choral director in a little town in Pennsylvania in an arts program that was dismantled.
Between respites, the city's sights beckoned.
But law enforcement officials who spoke on condition of anonymity said they thought that Officer Schwarz restrained Mr. Louima in the station house bathroom while Officer Volpe shoved a toilet plunger's wooden handle up the man's rectum, causing critical injury, and then into his mouth, breaking teeth.
Devoted father of Peter, Jason and Michael.
Based on ''A Piece of the Action: How the Middle Class Joined the Money Class,'' by Joe Nocera of Fortune magazine, who also does the reporting, the hour captures the frenetic pace and high stakes of the financial game as it is now being played.
For Disney, the new deal tightens its link with Pixar and extends the partnership for a decade, insuring that rival studios do not gain access to Pixar's proven skills.
The last thing they ever suspect is that a priest would be molesting their children.
The sets average $12 to $16 per disk.
The pro-choice groups responded by arguing that only a few hundred of these ''late term'' abortions -- by which they apparently meant third-trimester abortions -- were done each year, to protect the mother's health or because of fetal abnormalities.
In the mouth they become a single bite of bright, intense flavor.
Well, Old Paree hasn't changed much in 40 years, to judge from Gilles Mimouni's dazzling romantic comedy, ''The Apartment.''
Quartaro added later: ''Believe me, that was not a called play.
But what Mr. Kluge liked most about it was that it was much cheaper than ripping up streets to lay wires.
It had estimated that at the end of 10 years, the average connected household would be using a relatively modest 350 kilowatt-hours per month.
He called for putting into effect long-frozen accords between the two Koreas and expressed willingness to negotiate with South Korea and also improve relations with Japan and the United States.
''Her death just broke my heart,'' Mrs. Segal, 42, said.
Proceeds are to benefit the Patricia Manning Fund of the American Cancer Society.
The bridegroom, 30, is a son of Dr. and Mrs. Rodolfo Llinas of New York.
''Race was once synonymous with community for African Americans,'' she writes.
The set, by Watuko Ueno, and slide projections by Jan Hartley and Mr. Chong turned the stage into a Vietnamese landscape.
The bride received an M.B.A. degree from Columbia University, as did the bridegroom.
Crude oil prices tumbled on the New York Mercantile Exchange yesterday after a report showed an unexpected rise in United States inventories, indicating that supplies are outpacing demand from refineries.
About 50 miles south of Providence, 13 miles across Block Island Sound from Block Island and about 140 miles from New York City, Watch Hill is one of several distinct neighborhoods in the larger town of Westerly, an old mill village on the banks of the Pawcatuck River.
Mr. Simon is not just a throwback to another era, however.
The shares of Nippon Credit Bank Ltd. fell more than 3 percent yesterday, a sign that investors are worried that an expected revamping plan will not solve the bank's bad-loan problems.
The greatest exception was Sears, Roebuck & Company, which lost sixth-tenths of 1 percent in sales last month.
One person was killed and scores were injured today when a passenger train derailed near this prairie town, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said.
''People will not congregate at places where there is no alcohol, even if they're not big drinkers themselves.
We all want to make Long Island a better place to live.
Jennifer, Amy, Thomas Daniel, and Diana Leahy; John, Veronica, and Lauren Henley; Kelly Anne, Mary, Michael Francis, and Daniel Joseph Leahy.
A lot of guys on the team feel this way but are scared to say it publicly because they fear for their jobs.''
Taking a cue from Michael Jordan and Martha Stewart, celebrities who have spun off many-tentacled business empires based on their identities, and armed with magazine articles and books about the power of ''the personal brand,'' individuals are using the rules of brand management to help shape their resumes, their personal images and even their social and marital lives.
TIM WEINER From the introduction: Once it is established that the source is probably a counterintelligence target (in other words, is probably a member of a foreign intelligence or security service, a Communist, or a part of any other group engaged in clandestine activity directed against the national security), the interrogation is planned and conducted .
Two men described as the main leaders, Renato Paoletti Lemus and his father, Jose Paoletti Moreda, are in Mexico, where they were arrested last month.
And then, maybe, we will begin to see some systemic change and a turnaround in our test scores.
They will bloom in the summer.
The commission said that Burmese officials failed to cooperate with the investigation.
However, the commander of the rebels emphasized that their first priority was to remain in Peru and obtain the release of their jailed comrades.
On Sunday afternoon, the Wolverines will play the winner of the match between No.
''We had some early chances that we didn't put away and Germany made us pay.
Then he adds, with a smile, ''Let me rock for Jesus and roll for God.''
Dr. Lee Silver, a mouse molecular geneticist at Princeton University, said the speed and the implications of the work were stunning.
But Mr. Milosevic, formerly the President of Serbia, who recently engineered for himself the title of President of Yugoslavia, did not feel he was so politically threatened at home by the weak economy that he needed to make any concessions on war criminals, several Washington officials said.
By the manner in which the fire was set.
This ongoing archive was a model for other disciplines and has remained a leading resource for scholars.
Jerry Seinfeld and his talented supporting cast helped to catapult NBC from last to first place in ratings.
The horse was not injured, though the carriage driver took it away immediately, saying it was in shock.
Steven Hawkins, executive director of the National Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty, in Washington, said that despite the belief by many states that lethal injection is more humane, it has also been botched, such as in the case of an inmate who could not breathe but was still awake.
The articles made Virodene P058 sound miraculous: according to its discoverers, it costs only $34 a month to treat a patient, it is administered by skin patch and it can restore the sickest people to health in just two weeks.
It reached its own settlement in March.
His contempt for traditional long-term therapy seems both pragmatic and self-serving.
The Knicks are admired for their passion and intensity.
Within the 100 blocks between the Field Museum and Pullman live tens of thousands of African-Americans, maintaining attractive restaurants and places serving up jazz as well as Chicago-style blues.
Most city development money has been spent in Manhattan over the years, to the neglect of the other boroughs, he said, although that has changed in recent years.
Other reports that are expected to point toward an upswing in growth, prompting a sooner-than-expected move on rates by the Fed, include tomorrow's release of durable goods orders for December.
Involvement in the community also means doing some pro bono work, he added.
One Fine Gael Minister, Michael Lowry, resigned in December after it was disclosed that he received at least $300,000 from Dunnes to build a wing on his house.
It was the first victory since April for Tomisue's Delight, who is trained by Neil Howard, although she had come close in four starts since then.
23 Boston College stormed to a quick lead and held off a late rally by host Syracuse.
This was the first violent crime in East Newark in as long as anyone could remember.
The miracle Mets, once more.
I think the dress is smart.
All but three were issued summonses and released.
A rich, comfortably large anthology of work by one of the most versatile and consistently satisfying writers of the century (nearly all of it, too; born 1900, died 1997).
Presented by Jane Harmon, Nina Keneally and Liz Oliver.
At the probate trial, Jennifer Chelwick, a friend of Mr. Breeden, testified that he would consume $800 worth of cocaine in a night.
Play poorly, and you have let down yourself, your teammates and your country.
What you are looking for is a thin, relatively sturdy noodle.
Dear brother of Lenore, Marilyn, Marvin and Bert.
Their treatment choices are estrogen and calcium, a nonhormonal drug called Fosamax, which works modestly well but which some women cannot take or afford.
I didn't have any reservations.
''This is the Holy Grail,'' said John F. Day 3d, president of Strategies Unlimited, a market research firm in Mountain View, Calif. ''It potentially gives you an enormous increase in capacity.''
He is credited here with passing along, in an Automat, ''a fully assembled proximity fuse,'' which Mr. Feklisov says the Soviets used to shoot down an American U-2 spy plane in 1960.
They would thus become John Doe-Kirk and Mary Roe-Kirk.
And the Knicks didn't take the lead until halfway through the first period.
Beloved father of Stephanie, adored grandfather of Evin Ruth, Glenn and Jeffrey.
On Monday, he said he would come out only with a guarantee of diplomatic immunity, but he soon backed off on that.
Through 17 Rd2, Kasparov also had to play quietly because he had no opportunity for a quick attack.
To which Mr. Blair, solicitous of Mr. Clinton, replied, ''And I would like to make sure that we have a second term in office.''
I guess it was one of the longest nights of my life.
''Some people think we have to treat the opposition with reverence and not offend them with so much as a rose petal,'' Mr. Roque said in an interview.
Among the most appealing were Residence Patricia, a newly built chalet that was a rather long walk from the village, and the centrally situated Haus Monazit and Haus Memory.
MARILYN C. TELEKY STEVEN B. TELEKY Hollis Hills, Queens
Or How I Got Into an Argument'' was shown as part of last year's New York Film Festival.
Mr. Black tested the slides by sending a child-size dummy down them and found them in good working order, Mr. Burns said.
A crowd of 1,000 people formed and began to riot, he said.
The Capitals were down a second man because Joe Juneau accidentally nicked Gretzky's face with a high stick while the Rangers were on the power play.
We do get guys coming in from Irvington, South Orange, Montclair, but most of them are from here in Newark.
No gun or spent shell casings had been found last night, suggesting that the weapon used was a revolver, the investigator said.
The Irish-American neighbors are friendly, but Sharifa politely declines invitations to their St. Patrick's Day parties.
''I'm retired now so I spend most of my time listening to Beijing Opera.
Still, the pressure was on North Carolina (8-1, 5-1; No.
Magnetic fields could be beneficial to life not only because they imply inner heat and geologic vitality, scientists add, but because they would help shield the moons and any alien creatures from cosmic rays, the streams of highly penetrating particles that speed through space.
''Whenever you see a development like this it's a sign of the city moving in exactly the right direction.''
''It makes sense they should be under one umbrella and should be looked after by Gary.''
It makes engineered components and subsystems for the commercial aviation, military and space markets.
What's obvious is that her oversize ego masks a shrewd and complex personality, a woman who reads and rereads Virginia Woolf and Jane Austen, a woman who borrowed heavily from such television shows as ''All in the Family,'' and ''The Honeymooners'' and then moved onto entirely new television terrain.
St. Francis Hospital, a Roman Catholic hospital that was another sponsor of the surgery center, released a statement reiterating its commitment to Hartford and said it ''will continue to collaborate with other institutions to meet the health care needs of the public.''
Several higher-education institutions are based there, making the creation of a cultural district possible.
Dishes like pan-seared softshell crab with pine nuts, stuffed eggplant, and grilled calamari were freshly made and sparkling, as was a dessert that consisted of fresh peach slices inside a parcel of well-browned phyllo dough, served with vanilla ice cream.
Though their school was only across the street, he always walked them there and brought them back himself every day, they said.
The Yankees have a combined $33 million invested in those two, but this is the post-season, no place for the timid and no time for tryouts.
Orders for business software late at night were likely to be frauds, as were orders in which the E-mail name (Bsmith, say) seemed to contradict the name given for the credit card (John Doe, for example).
Her father is a vascular surgeon in New York, and her mother is the office manager for his practice.
The Senate bill stipulates that such benefits must be at least equivalent to those offered to the children of Federal employees and must include hearing and vision services.
He wears loose-fitting boxers, which make poor receptacles for pilfered goods.
''This is going to antagonize foreign carriers,'' said Albert Halprin, a former F.C.C.
They are the dancers and musicians of the American Indian Dance Theater, which is beginning a week of rehearsals there for a stage spectacle called ''Kotuwokan!''
The 7-foot Lister has averaged 6.6 points and 6.3 rebounds over his 15-year career with the Milwaukee Bucks, Golden State Warriors, Seattle SuperSonics and Celtics.
The King is offering himself, if the contending forces will have him, as a mediator between Mr. Hun Sen and the opposition represented by the Prince.
The Chaminade Music Club of Yonkers presents the Pearls, a choir from the Hawthorne School, on Wednesday at 2 P.M. at the Will Library in Yonkers.
I'm close to Bear Mountain.
The committee's conclusion: ''James Earl Ray was the assassin of Dr.
In the next few weeks, the stairwell became a shrine, with flowers, candles and handwritten eulogies arrayed against the gate on the brick sidewalk.
The food dealer started on Wooster Street in a former garage but moved to larger quarters at 453 Broome Street (at Mercer Street).
Unlike so many shows that trot out young girls with their frail bodies exposed through sheer dresses, this vision made the audience, not the models, seem potential victims.
They include: *Why do the Rangers start so slowly so often and play less than 60 minutes with consistent poise and effort?
For wildly successful newer electronic markets, Instinet in particular, the result is likely to be somewhat greater regulation, though not as much as established exchanges now face.
Howard, cool and reserved with most people, was close to his brother Kenneth, who was two years younger.
It will straighten out in a few years.''
Indeed, police detectives repeatedly circled back to the Ramseys, asking friends and former neighbors in Georgia about any history of child abuse, and searching the Ramseys' vacation home in Charlevoix, Mich., for handwriting samples.
I'm sure schoolkids were in there all the time buying pizza.''
Long Island University 104, St. Francis of Pennsylvania 86 Charles Jones had a game-high 37 points, 9 rebounds and 10 assists, and Richie Parker added a career-high 36 points to lead Long Island University in Loretto, Pa.
Double-breasted long jackets and tailcoats in gleaming red or royal blue silk with tiny patterns went over pants that were cigarette slim or wide and cropped in the traditional Chinese fashion.
''When blacks in general have achieved, you are automatically looked upon as having to serve as role models,'' said Dr. Drake, who added that she and Dr. Mahone already were informal mentors to several minority teen-age girls whose babies they had delivered.
Many of the real gems are odes to transient hotels, seedy bars and all-night diners, dwelling on half-glimpsed trysts, clandestine gropings and the loneliness of late hours -- even as the poets are eager to see life, in the words of Chase Twichell, in the lovely ''Chanel No.
The evening will begin with a Champagne reception at 6 at the Walter Reade Theater, followed by the screening at 7.
Interment Holy Rood Cemetery, Westbury.
It was the Governor who made the decision to introduce contemporary sculpture to the site.
He also told me he was divorced.
And if it were anyone else, this is where some people would tune out.
When Reed (2-1) was apprised of this fact after the game, he lowered his head and backed up slightly in his locker, his body language making it apparent that he wanted no part of this conversation; he does not want to jinx himself.
Reposing at the Frederick Funeral Home of Flushing, Northern Boulevard at 193 Street.
Mr. Lawrence even told his children that he had served in the merchant marine, family members said.
''The Government seems to be closing down political spaces that had opened for the opposition,'' Jose Miguel Vivanco, executive director of Human Rights Watch Americas, a Washington-based group, said after meeting with human rights advocates and Government officials here today.
''The early thinking was we wouldn't reach E-Z Pass Nirvana before the year 2000,'' said Harris M. Schechtman, vice president for operations at the Bridge and Tunnel Authority.
Meanwhile, the electorate has grown more divided and less supportive of public schools.
He began his art career as a maker of large sculptures of animals and has also photographed them.
But Rivera searched in a spare locker, found a jersey -- No.
Chipman is survived by his wife, Kathi; five children, and four grandchildren.
It was one thing to hear those words from the seasoned anti-Semites of Hitler's Europe but something else to hear them echoed by a leader of the second-largest religious body in the United States.
''If he doesn't own a jacket, I'll be glad to supply him with one and with a tie,'' the judge persisted, later mentioning a sports jacket or blazer.
In the end, of course, Buddy is a fictional narrator, a mouthpiece for his creator, and so the larger question becomes, what light does ''Hapworth'' shed on Mr. Salinger's conception of the Glasses and the evolution of his art?
''So it's nice science fiction,'' he commented by E-mail, ''but no real scientific basis yet.''
For women, there are black leather tunics, white viscose halter tops and white low-slung bootleg trousers, black transparent nylon T-shirts with waxed insets on the sleeves.
The cheese thing, which can clog your arteries just by reading the ingredients, is essentially a baked pasta casserole.
Those involved in softball, which enjoys wide recreational participation, say they are heartened, not discouraged, by the advent of two pro women's basketball leagues.
Trade Shift by China Is Seen China is willing to drop trade barriers in return for membership in the World Trade Organization, Administration officials say.
A movie like this makes the Japanese feel good: here they're blithe spirits, not automatons.
Matthew S. Walker, the hotel union's director of research and education, said the union sought the resolution because ''in our view there is a commonality of interests between shareholders and employees because this stock is underperforming.''
How many times has she been called upon to relive that morning?
''I hate to bang any of our viewers around, which is what we did,'' he said.
We wanted to get a stop, and would have been down by 1 point.
A former Pittsburgh Steeler, Sherman says he sees all sorts of useful parallels between Rotella's philosophy of ''playing to be great every day'' and a successful approach to conducting business.
Ray Zamagni, a Zoom spokesman, said these problems affected the entire new generation of modems, not just Zoom's product.
''What his father instigated in him,'' Rudin says, ''was the love of freedom of religion and the freedom to own property, which he couldn't own in Europe.''
''Either I stole evidence, or he is a terrorist and an assassin who is using the influence and protection of his father to make me a scapegoat and derail the prosecution of this case.
Rose Marie, pregnant, is allowed to live and, half mad, will haunt her family for years.
''It's not easy when you get off to this kind of start.
In joining Columbia, Dr. Enis also became an investor, with $45,000 in Cedars Medical Center and $15,000 more in Miami Heart Institute.
It was not until September that Ms. Reno replaced a career lawyer in charge of the campaign finance investigation with Charles LaBella, a senior prosecutor from San Diego.
They now use ''white table wine'' and ''red table wine'' to identify their less expensive blends.
He grew up in Omaha, Neb., and received a bachelor's degree in economics from Stanford University in 1967.
She did not campaign for Mr. Giuliani, she has said, because she wanted to avoid the appearance of a conflict of interest with her work.
The book is at Archivia, 944 Madison Avenue (74th Street); (212) 439-9194.
Tickets: $24; $10 for students (Anderson).
Should you ever find yourself in Bassano, you can taste it at his little grappa museum, filled with portraits of Louis Pasteur and Leonardo da Vinci and Catherine de' Medici, shelves of ancient tomes on distilling technique and old alembics, or stills.
She can still drive safely to evening concerts.
''In the National Hockey League, every shot is a good shot.
Using egg tempera on panel, she adapts the precisely limned female figure of the miniature tradition but isolates it against a bare or lightly gridded flesh-pink ground.
's fund-raiser at Christa McAuliffe Middle School.
None of the hostages were willing to divulge who gave the advance notice of the raid and instructions to hit the floor and remain calm.
Against the Patriots, they had 17 rushes for 42 yards.
''After graduation, we'll be old ladies.''
''There are no ash police,'' she said.
Baseball has its fear of a duster.
and was still expressing astonishment over how it materialized at the last minute.
The lab agreed and didn't do it, and then didn't tell the county.
''This only accentuates a trend,'' he says, ''to mythologize Marian Anderson as a symbol, to distance her from us as a singer whose art we know less and less about as the years go by.
Investigators are now concentrating their efforts on analysis of the retrieved pieces being used to reconstruct the center portion of the plane in a hangar in Calverton.
Darger was born in Chicago in 1892.
In case anyone thinks that Smith, 46, is some kind of overnight sensation, he reminds you that he has been at this for 23 years -- including 12 as a college assistant and the last six as a head coach.
And so, by metonymy, is the character, vermin to the core, whose odious lips it recently touched.
Brush baguette slices on both sides with olive oil.
''I came with a heavy machine to clean up the yard.
At breakfast one could choose between a full Continental breakfast at the Calliope Bar and Grille on the upper deck (which also offered light lunches such as chili or hot dogs), or a hearty breakfast, from quiche to lox and bagels, in the Lewis and Clark Dining Room.
''USEC's willingness last year to nail down the terms for delivery of the first 150 tons shows that an independent enrichment company can put national security first,'' said one former Administration official.
Not that intramural fistfights are always good for a team, but there is little competition for jobs on the Rangers.
They added a sixth run in the fourth inning and had runners at first and second and one out when Mendoza replaced Cone.
Belo owns or operates 21 stations.
The Flagstar Companies, a restaurant operator, said today that it had filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection from its creditors in a Federal bankruptcy court in South Carolina.
Teamster officials predict that the strike will largely shut down U.P.S..
Halibut this fresh isn't available locally, and even if it were, I would rather eat Mr. Jehan's version.
game, worked her second game last night uneventfully.
Yesterday, the Mets signed what they believe is an 18-karat pitcher from South Korea.
Fortitude had lost nine races in a row before exploding in the homestretch, and he won yesterday while wearing bar shoes to protect his feet.
The American Government has demanded that the Russians return the I.B.M.
Still, he's bullish on real estate investment trusts, banks and European stock markets like those of Germany, France and England.
Then, in August last year, he began a five-year contract as principal conductor -- and not, it was emphasized, as music director, the title held by Mr. Barenboim and Mr. Chung.
Johnson, 30, called Liberty games in the Women's National Basketball Association on radio last summer.
The Planning Department, for one, is updating a proposal for the roadways from the late 1980's that calls for the city to turn the byways of the circle into a true traffic circle.
Airlines require that bicycles be packed without pedals and with the handlebars parallel to the frame, and common sense suggests that a bike be well-crated.
With this book, their revolution may still be quiet, but their glory is no longer silent.
Mr. Golub said the investigation has not yet revealed how the students got into the room.
He said the board, which used to provide mainly repair help, now offers an array of services, including computer installation and testing and hardware and software training for school faculty members.
The spokesman for the American Astronomical Society, Dr. Stephen P. Maran, of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration's Goddard Space Flight Center, warns students about dismal job prospects.
It makes my job a lot easier.''
$(And on the southern rim of the canyon on Friday, the Interior Secretary, Bruce Babbitt, announced a plan to cut about 80 percent of the 1.5 million cars that enter the park each year by using a light-rail system or alternative-fuel buses.$) Yet financing for the kind of changes that Yosemite's caretakers would like to make has not necessarily become more available as the naturalist ambitions of the Park Service have grown.
Another, by World City Corporation of Manhattan, would make Bayonne the summer home of the world's largest ocean liner, which the company wants to build.
I said, 'We don't operate that way.'
She worked part time as a word processor and applied decals to salt and pepper shakers in a ceramics factory.
When asked about that today, Cassell asked anyone to name the best true point guards in the league.
Yesterday they confirmed that they expect their fourth child in December.
''That was my big thrill,'' she said.
But if darkness overwhelmed ''EZ Streets,'' here it is merely an accent, tacked onto a series that briskly moves into the bright halls of justice.
Since 37,000 American troops and their dependents are based in South Korea, this is a matter of shared concern with Washington.
This might be the case with Fedorov, a member of Detroit's ''Russian Five,'' who was signed during the final years of the Soviet Union.
The accompanying recipe for tomato-meat sauce is based on one that my mother got from an Italian neighbor in Waterbury, Conn., in the 1930's.
''I monitor the newspapers regularly and I have not seen a consistent presentation of 80-20 developments being available to public application,'' said Phyllis Spiro, deputy director of the Open Housing Center, a nonprofit fair-housing group.
One standard explanation is that even though racial categories are not meaningful in a scientific way, many people still believe in them, and use them to justify their racist beliefs and actions.
The productivity growth rate of American workers -- measuring how much more they produce in an hour on the job -- rose at an annual rate of only six-tenths of a percent in the second quarter, the Labor Department reported yesterday.
Without doubt, there is no more eccentric story to be found on-screen right now that ''Oscar and Lucinda,'' in which love, glass, Christianity and gambling somehow collide.
His 18 touchdown passes surpassed the total of his first three seasons (17).
But the Johnny Mercer Award they are to receive on Tuesday at the Sheraton New York Hotel from the Songwriters Hall of Fame has special meaning, particularly for Mr. Bergman.
But home health care and real infirmity had arrived around the same time, and late that night, Rose's mind conflated them into one malevolent force.
Detroit did not score until 28 seconds remained in the third quarter when Jason Hanson's 28-yard field goal made it 20-3.
He goes out and takes the ball and throws it.''
''This is an awesome new conventional weapon,'' Mr. Dicks said.
ADT will promote AT&T's long-distance services to ADT's customers and employees.
But he still felt that his best outing of the year came on July 2, when he went seven innings in a 2-0 loss to Greg Maddux and the Atlanta Braves.
The conservatory was designed to look as if it was built at the same time as the rest of the building, which is on the State and National Registers of Historic Places, said Elaine Clements Zopes, museum director.
DENIS PAYRE, a partner in Business Objects, a software company.
But if that is true, why was Jonathan planning to wear a shredded Marilyn Manson T-shirt, black cutoffs, black combat boots and black lipstick on the first day of class?
''They have shed some of their national quirks to come together under a Hispanic banner.''
One of Brown's goals will be to keep the football out of the hands of Sanders, the Dallas cornerback.
Climb hard in a gym for an hour or two and your hands and forearms are blitzed, your legs are sore and your upper body longs for the nearest masseuse.
''Just take this out of it.
Thursday night at the fights wasn't much different than Wednesday night at the fights, other than everyone staying chained to their benches.
''And I am working to be seen; to get my name out there.
Georgia O'Keeffe stares at Stieglitz, whose camera made her image famous, from the window of her car.
With the assembly chamber in an uproar, the leader of the Union of French Democracy, Francois Bayrou, led a walkout of his fellow deputies, saying he was ''stunned'' that the Prime Minister had expressed ''not a word of consideration or pity'' for the victims of Communism.
Mr. Pataki will be able to claim that he delivered tax cuts to the city, too.
Costas Simitis, Greece's Prime Minister, has guaranteed that the Government will make up any shortfall in Athens's $1.6 billion Olympic budget.
Also a low ratio of teachers to pupils is not necessarily a predictor of success, the ratings indicated.
Most of us know we need more human bonding, not less, in this age of technology.
If the point is that he is so displaced that he has no core, then one wonders why the author gives him so many highly dramatic chances to transcend himself.
In return, the pilots received assurances that US Airways would begin to grow again after years of downsizing.
In another matter affecting cigarette makers, The Associated Press reported yesterday that the Federal agency that regulates advertisements proposed using a new way of testing tar and nicotine levels in cigarettes that would show a range of levels rather than a single measurement.
New York Magazine filed suit in Federal court yesterday to try to stop transit officials from removing a bus advertisement in which the magazine calls itself ''possibly the only good thing in New York Rudy hasn't taken credit for.''
The President, whose administration has been marked by corruption and a crumbling economy, was expected to win a fifth term narrowly with about 40 percent of the vote because the anti-incumbent vote is so splintered, political experts said.
It was, as ''Childe Hassam: East Hampton Summers,'' the exhibition that opened on Aug. 9 and runs through Oct. 12 at East Hampton's Guild Hall, amply demonstrates, a match made in heaven.
But in Mexico City, officials said that was the amount that had moved through the accounts from 1994 to January 1997.
I would ask my stepdaughter, who was now bent on making a humpback whale.
The program started years ago, after the principal of the high school, Robert Fager, learned that some students had been using cocaine at a senior prom away from the school.
That seat is filled by a vote of the other Nevada appointees.
The Host Marriott Corporation said yesterday that it had acquired the Ritz-Carlton, Marina del Rey, for about $56.6 million.
The company from Taiwan, in its American debut, made vast universes appear to form and dissolve in ''The Back of Beyond.''
Democrats were no more persuaded than they had ever been that capital gains tax cuts do the economy any good.
Mr. Marineau, who is an avid hiker and skier in Santa Fe, N.M., where he has a home, ''is a prime-time player who wanted to be more than a milkman at Dean Foods,'' said John M. McMillin, a securities analyst at Prudential Securities.
The diary entry, headed simply ''Rio,'' is accompanied by a photograph of a laughing, dark-haired sophisticate.
It was the same stuff.
Jesse Jackson or the directors of the major civil rights groups was that America was continuing to fulfill the dire predictions made by the Kerner Commission report.
NEW YORK METS -- Sent RHP Andy Zwirchitz to the Atlanta Braves to complete the Greg McMichael trade.
''For me the lesson is that you do great work for your clients,'' he said, ''and the phone's going to ring.''
The reconfiguration of the jury, coming on the original jury's fourth day of deliberations, means that no verdict will likely be forthcoming until some time next week when the jury begins meeting anew.
The new criteria, which lower the level of blood sugar considered normal, and call for testing all adults 45 and older, are expected to detect two million of the hidden cases.
Mr. Auer was ousted in 1995 when he did not produce the desired growth.
Her lyrics, though, often sound as if they were written first in Japanese.
Fee, including breakfast, $45; members, $35.
He ruffed the second spade lead and led a club to the king, losing to the ace.
Doris Kaye, a distant relative who sent $100, said that Mrs. Werner had never considered herself an underdog.
/ Thou, I hear, a pleasant rogue art,'' after seeing ''The Rake's Progress'' in 1736.
Haruhiko Kimura, a senior manager at the Sanwa Bank Ltd., said that the possibility of large-scale defaults in the short term was minimal.
That is when ABC stepped in.
IRENE E. PARISI Westfield, N.J., Sept. 17, 1997
Mr. Kishaba, president of the Ryukyu-American Historical Research Society, said he hoped to find the crown on his visit here and turn it over to the Government of Okinawa.
''Switchback'' is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian).
She described him as a diligent worker and dedicated family man who saved his money and in 1992 bought the home in St. Albans, where he lived with Ms. Lalor, her sister, Avril, and their mother, Curneita.
Interment in Fort Lauderdale, FL.
Quote marks become capital N's.
In the 31 previous Ryder Cups, no team has trailed by more than 2 points going into singles play and won.
Suggested admission: $8; $6 for students and the elderly; $4.50 for children; free for members.
PROHIBITION 13 Years That Changed America A&E, tomorrow night at 8 Written by Marius Brill; directed by Clive Maltby; music by Rick Wentworth; produced by Atlantic Productions for BBC-TV and A&E Network; Anthony Geffen, executive producer; Charlotte Moore, producer; Edward Behr, series consultant; Michael Katz, A&E executive producer; Amy Briamonte, A&E, supervising producer; Ed Asner, narrator.
''At Waco and Ruby Ridge we had a very competent and expert hostage response team, but there weren't any hostages to rescue.
The amendment's chief Republican sponsor, Senator Orrin G. Hatch of Utah, who heads the Judiciary Committee, said the changes suggested by the two Senators would open ''big loopholes'' he could never accept.
He was eager enough to sell that his real estate agent's glossy brochure said ''seller will entertain offers between $1.2 million and $1.6 million,'' yet the house drew no buyers -- despite its tennis court, swimming pool, putting green, rose garden, elevator and citrus grove.
Together, Jefferson and Walker Counties accounted for 62 percent of Alabama's coal supply, said Andrew Blumenfeld, a senior consultant at Resource Data International, which is a data base and consulting company for the coal and electric utility industries.
The prosecutors said that the man, Deric Frank, 23, kidnapped his fiancee, Shaneika Price, outside the office where she worked in Stamford on the morning of March 11.
Many replicate famous holes of regulation courses.
Kovalev's goal came only days after he was benched in consecutive games for ineffective play.
The English-language Jerusalem Post reported the release of the names on an inside page, with a note that the list would appear in Friday's paper.
My soldier adjusted his weapon, a gun just like the ones I'd gazed at initially with fear, then with equanimity, then with gratitude.
The Tigers became the first team to repeat since Syracuse in 1990 and 1991.
In cooler, wealthier north Teheran, near the base of the Elburz Mountains, residents have long had leafy areas to flock to, while those who can afford it have been able to escape the city and its prying eyes on weekends.
Now that it is built, will they come?
And Gary Stevens continued to be the hottest jockey in racing when he won the Pimlico Special aboard Gentlemen yesterday, one week after winning the Kentucky Derby with Silver Charm.
A close examination of the letter indicated that it was most likely a forgery.
The disparity points up the difference between being a majority on the island and a minority on the mainland.
When his infant son grows big enough to bounce off the walls of their Upper West side apartment, will the literary lawyer consider returning to his roots in suburbia?
Not only Murrell had fumbled; his team had nearly blown a 36-14 lead.
Tonight I was not good in my last play.
True North is the world's No.
The town of Hahira, Ga., population 367, has one traffic light, one gas station and two first-round picks in baseball's annual draft of amateur players.
Anyone who scoffs at the value of 62 cents should talk to Muhammad Yunus.
He was born in 1937.
Upper East Side, May 20 -- Seven residences will be included on a self-guided tour, 6 to 9 P.M. Tickets, $75, in advance only; United Cerebral Palsy of New York, 105 Madison Avenue.
I wish I didn't have to make a change.
Tony ballots will be mailed this week to 763 journalists and people who work in the theater.
Mr. Trainer lived in Mount Kisco, N.Y., for 50 years.
1 Tennessee (6-1) Tennessee's running game can make up for a rare passing lapse by Peyton Manning.
Rest in peace, little brother.
After years of making action and adventure films for boys of all ages, studio executives are concluding that a new audience has emerged that is changing all the rules.
PATRICIA IRELAND President National Organization for Women Washington, July 10, 1997
Their peers around the state still have nearly a month of classes to sit through, but schoolchildren in Milltown will start their summer break at the end of this week.
Then they might be in a position to generate multiple offers.
Gutter sealant is available in cartridges at well-stocked home centers.
Mr. Krauth, an entrepreneur with his own high-tech audio business, was held last night on charges of rape, sodomy and sex abuse.
''Most people don't even know where Searingtown is or anything about it,'' said Michael Affrunti, a resident for 25 years.
Most details of the deal were never disclosed.
There are plans in the works for sneaker and sunglasses lines.
''And I tell them the way they should make the decision is the following: If they want another child and they would really like to bias the odds in a safe technique that neither will risk giving the woman a problem in the pregnancy or increase the odds of having a child with some defect or another, and if they will accept whatever they get, and it won't disturb them terribly if it doesn't work, then I say go for it, because the prices are reasonable and the success rate is pretty good.''
Among these spots is a funeral home, which Ms. Pedro took on as a client after meeting the proprietor at a wake there.
But as the 12 horses turned for home, Rumpipumpy began to fly.
In San Diego, Sam Zell's Equity Office Properties outbid 31 prospective buyers for the Smith Barney Building, paying $36 million, or $193 a square foot, the highest rate in eight years, according to Property Information Exchange, a real estate research firm in New York.
Loving mother of Marilyn and Barry, son-in-law Bruce, daughter-in-law Gabi.
''Debt was a horror in the 19th century,'' said Robert Sobel, a financial historian at Hofstra University.
Shortly after Ms. Messinger's comments, Randy L. Levine, Deputy Mayor for Economic Development, flanked by Robert R. Kiley, president of the New York City Partnership and Chamber of Commerce, and several other business leaders in front of City Hall, defended the Giuliani administration's economic policies.
The last major change in the Federal tax agency's structure took place in January 1952, when President Harry S. Truman replaced hundreds of patronage positions in management and tax collection with Civil Service jobs.
It seems like a surefire formula: mix the fast-paced humor of ''The Simpsons'' with the juvenile idiocy of ''Beavis and Butt-head.''
The line will be carried by Bergdorf Goodman and Jimmy's in New York City, Stanley Korshak in Dallas and Maxfield in Los Angeles, specialty stores known for their affluent customers.
But seeing the same disorientation after flights to and from Latin America, most of which is in approximately the same time zone as Washington, and after subsequent focus group studies, the researchers realized psychological disorder probably had more to do with stress caused by separation from family, as well as language and cultural differences.
Mr. Levine said in an interview that an affiliation with Munich would have no immediate effect on his full schedule at the Met, where he has conducted since 1971 and now leads about 50 or 60 of the season's 208 performances a year, the rest already turned over to different guest conductors.
On the other hand, I wonder if, between the two men's religions, Messiaen's unashamed combination of delicacy and vulgarity might not be the truer and more direct.
He emerges from the bullying experiences stronger and a hero in his own right.
''We choose a King and Queen, as well as a Prince and Princess from area high schools and middle schools,''said Joan Pruzinsky, Executive Director of the Barnum Festival, ''and our Tom Thumb and Lavinia Warren from area elementary schools.
DESPITE its dynamic history, sculpture plays a wallflower role in contemporary art.
Mr. Tishman said it had been a thrill to work with Noguchi.
ROVENSKY-Josephine P. July 17, 1997 in NYC.
Mostly, he said, collectors of the tomb art like its variety of human and animal figures and its distinctive portraits.
The vote was 22,387, or 79.5 percent, in favor of the measure and 5,784, or 20.5 percent, opposed.
But once the taste is acquired, the relationship will develop that lasts a lifetime.
Safe rooms may be most reminiscent of fallout shelters of the 1960's, when Americans stockpiled canned goods and built bunkers in their basements as ''survival insurance'' against the Red Menace.
They endorsed the new standards, which might help them compete with Southern and Midwestern utilities that have been operating with fewer environmental constraints.
''It was the ability to make something last for one more go-round,'' said Maynard Forbes, the owner of a five and dime in West Concord, Mass., and one of Mr. Ginsburg's loyal customers.
Kreizler's second case, set exactly 100 years ago, explores another species of moral turpitude through a Victorian lens.
At one point Mr. Vallone told the family, ''On behalf of New York, we're very, very sorry.''
In one recent video, ''10-16,'' she filmed adults lip-synching to the soundtrack of voices of children between 10 and 16.
Tickets, $300, from (888) 466-5722.
Talking About the Relationship Like most things concerning dogs, the debate over day care is really about conflicting human conceptions of what is good for a dog.
When a teacher explained, for example, that there was no budget for after-school care, one parent said: ''Don't feel bad.
French Fries, Belgian Style For frites (pronounced freet), or french-fried potatoes like those sold at street stands in Belgium, with mayonnaise, not ketchup, there is Pommes Frites, 123 Second Avenue (Seventh Street).
Officials of the Italian Cycling Federation announced that blood tests revealed the 34-year-old rider had exceeded its limit for the hematocrit level -- the number of red cells, expressed as a percentage.
Not when the chairs stack like acrobats.
BRADLEY - Named Dirk Welch part-time assistant softball coach.
pickup factory in Pontiac, Mich., have been on strike since April 22, fighting G.M.
Barbarism is alive and thriving in the Georgia prison system, and at least some of the madness is coming from the people in charge.
''This is an extraordinary array showing the unusually wide and encyclopedic interest on the part of Sam and Livy in the world around them,'' a beaming John Vincent Boyer, executive director of the 19-room Victorian mansion-museum, said yesterday, surrounded by tables laden with the books.
Where convenience is concerned, bigger is not always better; during off-peak daytime hours, the wait for a train can be two hours.
The drug indictment, handed down last year, portrayed Mr. Gatien's two clubs as virtual supermarkets for drugs.
Dinner-and-show packages: $27 on Fridays and Saturdays; $22 on Thursdays.
Then again, it's not a rich town: her father ran a consortium of technical schools, her mother is an artist and both instilled a Lutheran commitment to good works.
I'm not upset about it.
Denise Lynne Strait, a daughter of Shirley and A. Marvin Strait of Colorado Springs, was married there last evening to Paul Peter Hsi, a son of Peter Hsi of Honolulu and the late Priscilla Hsi.
The producers include Havoc of Mobb Deep and RZA of the Wu-Tang Clan.
Expected dates for the release of major economic indicators this week.
The bill passed on a vote of 227 to 199, after an attempt to strip the anti-sampling language failed.
Gay people raised under these conditions are barred from fulfilling their creative and loving potential.
That strategy was to license characters from Japanese television shows, financially supporting the creation of those programs when necessary.
Referring to his team's executives, Turner added: ''If you're hot, you hold onto the dice.
Crew had argued at the meeting, which was not open to the public, that he did not believe that the new law violated the rights of voters, minority or otherwise.
(+) 4 46 THE ZONE, by Barry Sears with Bill Lawren.
Admission is $6, $3 for children 4 to 12 and people 62 and older.
Then he repeatedly slashed Sara's throat, killing her.
As romantic farces go, this one never falters - Sunday at 2:30 P.M. on the Family Channel.
The psychic had another vision of Boris: ''He is meant to be the poster child for airline regulations.
The Irish held the ball for 35 minutes 44 seconds, 11:28 longer than the Wolverines.
She said she understood that Mr. Simmons had escorted no one to the prom, but was there as a friend of several promgoers.
When the clown catches the apple in his mouth, there is no applause.
He watched fax pages with the latest news-agency reports tumble to the floor.
From the start, she worked with Miss Parkinson on fine points of movement, performance and stamina that divide a brilliant performance from a passable one.
''But the competition is tough.
Landanger-Camus had sales of $87.9 million in the fiscal year ended Aug. 31.
The fact that Judy and Roberta are playing together, and it's 30 years later, let's you know that you're dealing with the real thing.''
But there is much speculation about whether Lalas will start against Mexico.
There does not appear to be any Giant who thinks that Kanell, who will make his first N.F.L.
But it was unclear yesterday just what had happened to the $445,000 that the Government said Mr. Rodriguez had stolen, or whether he would ever be able to repay it.
''The difference was on special teams,'' Parcells said.
Shammgod sparked a 10-0 run that gave the Friars a 61-51 lead, and it proved too great for the Mocs to overcome.
Environmental spending runs about $6 billion a year, much of it for maintenance.
The Elora Mill Inn, a tourist landmark in Southern Ontario, also upset my preconceptions.
Ms. Howard was not bashful about discussing the limits of happy.
He previously served in the Foreign Ministry, reaching the rank of Deputy Minister.
But if its leaders are careless, they could do taxpayers irreparable harm.
But one of its top elected officials thinks he has the solution: Why not just do away with the city?
Those who married were often discharged.''
Sands Hotel and Casino Indiana Avenue and Brighton Park.
The threat of a strike over wages and working conditions by the nationwide railway had caused the two regional commuter railroads to develop contingency plans for major disruptions for thousands of area commuters.
One of my favorites is Galata, on a side street off Istiklal Caddesi, the city's main pedestrian promenade.
Newton's theory explained all but 43 seconds of this by taking into account the gravity of other planets.
WINE LIST: Big, deep and filled with impressive and expensive wines; for less expensive bottles, ask for the Wollensky's Grill list.
But Mr. Smith's support, combined with the expected support of all eight Democrats on the committee, now gives Mr. Lugar enough votes to call a hearing of the committee over the chairman's objections.
''But we lost in court.
Doctors at Henry Ford Medical Center in Detroit said he was treated for hypertension.
Mrs. Robinson, 52, was the first woman to be elected President of Ireland.
As Jane Campion's ''Portrait of a Lady'' illustrated, James's fiction lends itself to revealingly symbolic interpretation.
He has sung a ''sound sculpture'' inspired by a round trip on the E train to Queens, introduced an opera about a secret agent who has forgotten whom he's spying on, and improvised vocalizations in breath sounds ranging from gurgles to clucks to a syrupy baritone.
Hong Kong's impending change from British to Chinese Communist rule has led to an exodus of Chinese art, with residents sending their collections overseas out of fear that China may prevent the export of items deemed to be cultural patrimony.
Stocks were trading higher here today, after a decline on Monday.
Lauren Stephanie Ehrenberg, the daughter of Paula Solon and the stepdaughter of Alexander Solon of Roslyn Estates, L.I., was married last evening to Barry Krouk, a son of Nina and Neil Krouk of Jamesburg, N.J.
Over the past two years we have been evaluating a Robert Wood Johnson Foundation national initiative to address the health and safety needs of urban youth.
''We're also looking at coaches whose teams are in the playoffs, but I won't talk to them until the playoffs are over.''
5 Times) vanquished a longtime nemesis, rolling past mistake-prone Colorado for its first victory over the Buffs since 1984.
leads in coolness, in calm and maybe in confidence in this regional.
Parcells is an egomaniac and a control freak.
Mr. Scott, a health care lawyer originally from Kansas, was picked out of obscurity by Richard Rainwater, the Fort Worth financier, to head the company.
''There is not enough evidence to prosecute the case,'' Haines said.
Dr. Santulli was president of the American Pediatric Surgical Association, the first president of the New York Pediatric Surgical Society, and a member of numerous other medical organizations, including the American Surgical Association, the New York Surgical Society, the British Association of Pediatric Surgeons, and the American College of Surgeons.
For the past 30 years, our nation's spent $5 trillion trying to erase poverty.
Current law allows workers the flexibility for a compressed work schedule and does not limit how many hours may be worked in a day.
In the 57 years since Mayor Fiorello La Guardia laid their cornerstone to the strains of a brass band, Vladeck Houses on the Lower East Side have embodied the promise of public housing.
Thus, his vetoes did not address the spending he opposes.
Her sister, Nancy Hessinger, and her brother Hugh Adams both reside in Florida.
Some managed care executives questioned Prudential's timing.
''I had a chance,'' said Tschetter, who played in the threesome in front of King, Robbins and Fruhwirth.
Point-of-service plans are the fastest-growing sector in health insurance.
(AP) NEW YORK/REGION 25-29 Plan to Dump Sewage Into East River Halted New York City officials dropped plans to dump 500 million gallons of raw sewage into the East River during repairs to the city's sewage treatment system.
One is tempted to ascribe the appeal of the two plays to their theatrical representations of polished prevaricators, who have become so prevalent in political and other spheres of contemporary life.
The car-rental offices are also being investigated to see whether they imposed excessive fees on young drivers, Mr. Vacco said.
''But all during this period I felt guilty,'' Mr. Griffey said.
But in these odd times people forget general principles and freak out.''
Then this opened, and we like it, and now it'll be gone,'' she said.
Do they enjoy his concerts?
But, she said, she would never call him a legend.
''He said, 'Look, I know you came from a horribly mistreated, oppressed minority in the House where every day you had to battle for your very existence,' '' Lott recalls. ''
This organization, named in his honor, is dedicated to fostering international scholarly exchange in our field.
Today, artists can stay home and survive.
''Every year there seems to be one problem,'' Campbell said today after the team practiced in Playland Ice Casino.
''And they said no sixth-round draft pick was going to make the team, but I did.''
The Marlins' seven-run inning in Game 3 led him to recall how a laundry's posting of the Yankees' 18-4 rout of the Giants in the 1936 World Series made him feel so sorry ''that I became a Giants fan that day, honest to Pete.''
A New York Post poll found the 69-year-old former Mayor to be more than 20 points behind his successor.
A light clicked on, and some aggression followed.
''I think Spanglish is the future.
That, she says, would make the expensive premiums more feasible for more people.
''I'm not certain that a blue color has much to do with youthfulness,'' Mr. Balkind said.
''The fears of the Latinos are sensible, not hysterical,'' said Jennifer Miller, an artist and circus performer who has lived in Southside for 12 years.
In a career in which many of his clients had, in fact, done whatever heinous acts they were accused of, Mr. Homans lost his share of cases.
The hormone experiment has been suspended indefinitely after rangers at the park noticed that the cows with implants were giving off signs that they were in heat, had become separated from their herds and were constantly harassed for sex by randy bulls.
At 5:23, Graves finished a slick passing play by tipping the puck past Senator goalie Ron Tugnutt.
The virus takes one to three weeks to incubate, then begins with flu-like symptoms.
Griffey, now a father of two, never forgets the decisions his parents made when they sent him and his younger brother, Craig, home to Cincinnati during his father's summer tours here rather than watch the boys squirm in discomfort at the Stadium.
He hopes that when his girlfriend, who was arrested with him, graduates from her treatment program upstate they will be able to get their son, now 2 years old, out of foster care.
The fish was nearly 2 inches over the 28-inch limit.
It's just that no one did.
Reebok International Ltd., the apparel and athletic equipment maker, lowered its earnings estimates yesterday for the current year, citing slower retail sales of athletic footwear.
Mr. Crescenzi pointed out that the decline in the Japanese stock market had meant that Japanese banks could not draw on that capital to write off loans.
The family suggests contributions to Bard College, Annandale-On-Hudson, NY, 12504 or to Temple Emanu-el, Lynbrook, New York 11563.
Swathed in an aura that mixes reserve, rebuke and conditioned graciousness, Ms. Colin gingerly makes her way down the stairs to confront her audience.
In both cases, investigators said, the coffee-can bombs were primitive but similar enough to appear to have been fashioned by the same hands.
Mr. Campbell is as smooth on the stump as Mr. Arrington is rough-hewn.
One is Milea Truck Sales, one of the East Coast's largest GMC truck dealers, which arrived in 1981 from Brooklyn.
At Continental and Northwest, the tune is the same: it's pay-back time.
Brokers in markets with many co-op apartments report increased interest.
Even the Xerox Corporation acknowledges that the Hewlett-Packard Company's name is as inextricably linked to printers, at least in the lower-end market for machines that sell for less than $15,000, as its name has been to copiers.
But he said that the legal profession ''has announced that certain patterns of behavior will no longer be tolerated.''
Defensemen skate well and add to attack.
The idea is to give them time to learn properly and not destroy the stones.
During the course of the three-way negotiations, the United States sent specialists to Georgia to improve the security of the reactors.
''Not, like, thrift shop bums, but, you know, real bums.''
Despite his gaudy record at Florida State, Kanell was benched when he threw three interceptions in a loss to Miami in his junior season.
(The Government is still reviewing his petition.)
Johnson reacted by spiking the ball.
The renovation, which started in July and is scheduled to be completed in 1999, will rehabilitate mechanical systems that deliver books from library stacks, increase the room's seating capacity to 600 seats from 499 , and provide electronic work stations for readers' laptop computers at three-quarters of the 42 library tables.
He has refused to say what service he performed or how much he was paid.
The ultimate outcome is that too many of them die by proxy.
''But there has to come a point at which you say, justify the detention or release him,'' said Nicholas Rizza, an official with Amnesty International U.S.A, which has not taken a position on the case.
With a huge number of supplements on the market, that standard means little government oversight, if any.
These causes are part of living in Douglaston, said Julia Schoeck, a resident for 36 years and a community activist.
Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston.
Giuliani has said it in every imaginable way, as loud and clear as he can: he does not respect our students' educational futures,'' she said, adding, ''What the incumbent has demonstrated time and again is that children and their education are not a priority for him.''
Fitness, more than slow play, was the main reason he got involved in xtreme golf, Larson said.
''The crisis will come quickly and deeply,'' Joseph E. Connor, Under Secretary General for Administration and Management, said today, He said he conveyed that message last week to Senator Rod Grams, Republican of Minnesota, who has been a critic of the United Nations.
''Mourning's left knee will be immobilized for the next two weeks, and then he will begin physical therapy.''
Helpless in the hold of ''a variety of passions,'' Mr. Giamatti plays the two faces of Marlowe with equal dexterity.
If they seem too heavy, divide the load or, if it cannot be divided, ask someone to help you share the load.
The new company, TCI Ventures, is an oddball, if high-profile collection of investments that Tele-Communications Inc. has made over the years in cable-related businesses.
The Yankees and Adidas sued Major League Baseball in Federal court yesterday for interfering with the implementation of the team's controversial 10-year, $95 million sponsorship that it signed with the footwear company two months ago.
Howard W. McCall Jr., a former president of Chemical Bank and its parent, the Chemical Banking Corporation, died at his home in Darien, Conn., on Monday after a long illness, said Kenneth Herz, a spokesman for his former employer.
Sorenstam, the defending champion, had a 68 to tie King at 205, 11 strokes under par.
The Board of Governors and members of Fresh Meadow Country Club record with deep sorrow the passing of our former President and longtime member.
Shares of Advanced Micro -- the semiconductor concern that competes with Intel -- are up nearly 48 percent this year.
And against a balanced budget amendment, and so on.
Mr. Davidson also said the railroad was taking steps to fix the problems without Government intervention.
He was a direct descendant of Wolphert Gerritsen van Couwenhoven whose family settled in Nieuw Amsterdam in 1630.
''We hope to to make some changes in Stafford Township around 2001 or 2002.''
Zhitnik beat Byron Dafoe with a slap shot between the pads after taking a pass in the slot from Satan.
For several years, Shaarey Tefiloh had no daily minyan, the quorum of 10 men required for public worship.
From Guernsey Cow to Ice Cream Berkshire Ice Cream, in West Stockbridge, Mass., is now selling its rich, old-fashioned product in Manhattan.
Just when someone thinks about casting off the 16-year-old Kournikova as a player as thin on talent as the pinups she graces, she rips a winner down the line.
Mr. Daschle voted against the amendment in 1995 and 1996 but supported a version in 1994.
Even the most modest of investors said they were not panicking.
The setting is prettily bucolic, with antique farm tools, a low ceiling, candlelight, a decent noise level and, weather permitting, windows that open wide to the street, creating a sidewalk cafe effect.
The Reds sent the game to extra innings when Reggie Sanders homered off Beck (2-1) leading off the bottom of the ninth.
School openings and dismissals are staggered to maintain some order.
Mr. Tallon of the United Hospital Fund said that the changes in price and services were so significant that state officials -- and people nationwide looking to emulate Child Health Plus -- would need to watch very closely to see how consumers respond.
I try to be positive.
Even though local districts were forced to use the regulations in preparing budgets for 1997-98, the State Board of Education refused earlier this month to approve the regulations and ordered the Whitman Administration to change them for the 1998-99 school year.
In the case of the French church, Pope John Paul's encouragement to his followers to prepare for the new millennium by confronting past mistakes has clearly contributed to the frankness displayed today.
He has a 95.2 rating and five 300-yard efforts against the Colts, an early candidate for the most disappointing team of the year.
He also said that India, as by far the largest nation in the region, can afford to be generous with its neighbors, several of which have long resented domineering attitudes that they believe have inspired India in the past.
The maximum punishment, three years in prison and a $4,000 fine, compares with five years and an unlimited fine in Germany and six years and $77,000 in Spain.
Mr. Wynne was walking by and intervened.
The show is augmented by succulents like those favored by the original owners of Montgomery Place, but because of the parts painted institutional beige, it is not enhanced by them or, for that matter, by a pile of ceramic cushions and the Chinese pots, which are roughly the size and shape of bongo drums.
Advanced Technology's shares rose $1.625, to $20.25.
''We know personnel -- that team does not have a soft spot,'' Moss said.
The launching team at the Kennedy center is evaluating what would be required to turn Columbia around for a repeat mission, he said.
But his name comes up so often at the hearings that the Republican majority can hardly be seen to do a thorough job without calling him.
The chefs do not get paid, but they are provided with transportation and with rooms at the Righa Royal Hotel.
1 in the nation, won its fourth Eastern States championship in five years.
British Airways has voluntarily suspended trans-Atlantic flights with a new model of the Boeing 777 because of repeated problems with the model's engines, which are the most powerful in the world.
Back then, the party decided what could be printed.
The indictment also charged Robert Breed, 29, a broker at First United Equities; Howard Boyar, 34, a broker at GKN Securities, who resigned Nov. 12, and Vincent M. Napolitano, 29, who the authorities say ran a securities business out of an East Side apartment.
And if nothing else, at least Calipari and General Manager John Nash showed that the new Nets are not afraid to take chances.
The first is a 7 P.M. dinner concert in Greenwich; the encore programs are at 5 P.M. on Saturday at the Lockwood-Mathews Mansion-Museum in Norwalk, and at 3 P.M. next Sunday in First Congregational Church in Washington (860) 868-0522.
One is the 1994 Louis Martini, the current exemplar of a line that goes back to the 1950's.
In May 1995, Broadcasting and Cable magazine asked Amos Hostetter, president of Continental Cablevision, if he intended to push for the introduction of high-definition programming on cable.
The committee set a deadline of Jan. 21, the day after President Clinton's inauguration, for the full House to conclude all floor action on the matter.
''Any time you can get a rest at this time of the year, it's a huge bonus,'' Mark Messier said after Friday night's 3-2 overtime victory in Miami Arena.
And right in the middle of it is Norman, the swaggering, resilient Aussie, who is very much at home and in the zone in his first American start of the year.
''Big movements in asset markets don't tend to happen unless all the actors move from one side of the ship to the other,'' said Peter Fisher, head of market intervention at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
And while call provisions on the two are similar, the new security has a provision allowing it to be immediately paid off if Congress changes the tax law in a way that would take away the tax break for that security.
The won, which has fallen about 40 percent this month alone, fell by its maximum 10 percent daily limit Friday soon after trading opened, though it recovered a bit to close at 1,710 to the dollar, compared with Thursday's close of 1,719.80.
The son-father contest ups the game's stakes astronomically: Stephen and Ash have both been Carl's gambling mentors and are in contention for him, whether it be in the form of closeness or control.
She hadn't really expected to be the one to take the traditional winner's dip into the lake surrounding the 18th green at Mission Hills Country Club.
Calcavecchia, who managed to get in only eight holes in Thursday's rain-delayed first round, played 28 yesterday.
Tara and her mother, Pat, live in Michigan, while her father, Jack, lives in Houston, where he is an oil executive.
Other municipalities have enacted ordinances ranging from Clifton's outright ban on all body-piercing and tattoo parlors, which has not been challenged, to Bound Brook's restrictive health standards for both crafts, which includes a fine of $100 to $1,000 for a practitioner who does either of these things to anyone under 18 without the parent's permission.
WITH: Jordan Chan (Louie), Yasuko Tomita (Aggie), Law Kar Ying (Emma), Karen Mok (Jenny), Lau Sui Ming (Mr. Chiu) and Lo Koon Lan (Chika).
Scott Nason, the airline's chief information officer, tracing the past and future peregrination of this one aircraft on his console, guesses that the pattern of destinations and layovers has grown so tangled and involved that it will never repeat itself.
Every time a new corporation buys the Garden, every year or so, the Garden sends out letters to loyal ticket-holders and announces, with precious little explanation or apology, that prices have indeed taken another precipitous leap, but if you don't like it, there is a long waiting list.
Moreover, Korean banks have deep-rooted problems.
A former Mayor and party chief of Shanghai, where he battled an entrenched bureaucracy and began a stunning economic transformation, Mr. Zhu moved to Beijing in 1993 to take the seemingly impossible task of bringing order to China's economy.
Sweden is also the home of the Cullberg Ballet in Stockholm, which presents dramatic pieces that draw on both ballet and modern-dance techniques, and classical companies in Malmo and Gothenburg.
Approximate nutritional analysis per tablespoon: 8 calories, 0 grams fat, 0 milligrams cholesterol, 3 milligrams sodium, 0 grams protein, 2 grams carbohydrate.
''We want a government that can give us jobs because to stay in the world without a job is horrible.
He said that the police questioned her without a lawyer present, and that she still maintains she was raped.
Dec. 22 at 7 P.M. Festival of Nine Lessons and Carols.
So too can one thought be locked inside another, and a multitude of thoughts spring from a small impression.
As Rangers, they already wear red, white and blue uniforms, sometimes with the crowned head of the Statue of Liberty on their chests.
Dear father of Sharon Siegel, Robert Portnoy and Susan Portnoy.
Harry Insabella, who did not take part directly in the robbery, pleaded guilty in April to conspiracy, receiving stolen property and perjury, after the authorities agreed to drop felony murder charges against him, an assistant Somerset County prosecutor said.
What would they do without this?''
Among those who found a quiet park bench one recent evening were a young couple who freely admitted to being unmarried and declined only to provide their last names.
The authorities in the southern Italian port of Bari said a naval aircraft and a warship were ordered today to patrol the waters where the boat sank on Friday, when 34 survivors and the bodies of three women and one man were recovered.
Ms. Kingsley said she replied: ''I'll tell you I don't know.
It has also shown that technique is more important than size and strength.
Mr. Pradilla argued that a strong lift for the stock market was coming from oversees investors and from Americans who had invested abroad.
I asked Sheik Nayef to tell me what Sharia has to say about suicide bombing.
Finally, at 25, he became Prince Wilhelm's court agent.
The system that Crew inherited and that chancellors have been trying to regain control of for years dates back to the 1960's.
Normally a good game is dictated by your starting pitcher.''
Although Roberto Baggio is expected to make an appearance, Gianfranco Zola is most likely to lead Italy's attack in Georgia, where the Italians want the maximum points, which would leave them needing just a tie against England in Rome next month to qualify for France.
and coming up with outlandish answers.
The right not to be forced to die in unendurable suffering and agony involves a constellation of interests -- interests that have been recognized in this Court's previous cases -- each one of which is, in and of itself, among the most profound that may be held by a human being and each of which is of constitutional dimension.
The initial drama was Whitaker's third-round head butt, straight to De La Hoya's right cheekbone.
The Treasury's schedule of financings this week is confined to today's regular weekly auction of three- and six-month bills.
But Senator Fred Thompson, the Tennessee Republican heading the Senate's inquiry, is not due to start his hearings until July.
The finale, a recital by students follows in Memorial Chapel at Wesleyan University at 8 that evening.
After Mr. Clinton agreed at the White House meeting that Mr. Huang should turn his energies to fund-raising, he directed Mr. Huang to Mr. Ickes, who was responsible for most of the nuts and bolts of the campaign.
Turkish Split-Pea Soup With Mint and Paprika Total time: Overnight soaking; 1 hour cooking 8ounces split peas 2tablespoons unsalted butter 1onion thinly sliced 1carrot peeled and thinly sliced 1bay leaf 5to 6 cups chicken stock 1/2pound spinach washed and chopped 3teaspoons Hungarian paprika Milk for thinning 1teaspoon coarse sea salt Freshly ground pepper to taste 3tablespoons chopped mint to garnish.
When he joined the PGA Tour, his father told him, ''Do what Tom Kite does,'' meaning work hard with class.
The suit sought the return of a $22.1 million payment that TLC Beatrice made to Mr. Lewis several months before he died of a brain tumor in January 1993.
A wealthy Democrat, rebuffed in his bid for an important European embassy when President Clinton took office, put it this way: ''Nowadays, you give, you ask and you hope.''
Mr. Oldman has also directed his own film, ''Nil by Mouth,'' which will be shown here in competition on Thursday.
The former special prosecutor, whose zealous investigations led to the imprisonment on murder charges of Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of former President Carlos Salinas de Gortari, is now wanted himself.
Robinson never shed his identification as the representative of his race, nor did he ever want to; with an earnest zeal he personified the ritualized angst of racial assimilation.
Investors, jubilant over reports that reduced fears of inflation, went on a buying spree yesterday, causing sharp rallies in the stock and bond markets.
Flanked on one end by a liquor store and on the other by a Roman Catholic church, Pine Street is composed mostly of modest brick apartment buildings built by Italian laborers in roughly the same period as the houses on Upper Mountain Avenue.
It's a miracle that this small, passionately focused, nearly year-round repertory company can put on such a production at all.
Dame C. V. Wedgwood, a specialist in 17th-century history whose vivid narratives told the story of Britain with the common man in mind, died on Sunday at St. Thomas's Hospital in London.
In doing so, she undermined public trust in the integrity of the Federal law enforcement apparatus.
When the beaver supply ran out, things turned nasty, Dr. Kraft said.
It's like boys playing in a sandbox, only the toys are bigger.''
The conference was sponsored by the American Academy of Pediatrics, National Institutes of Health and Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York.
Defending his legislative record, Mr. Henry said he had written several significant bills.
''In practice this week many of the veterans were busting their butts, even harder than normal,'' Meggett said.
Plenty of Senate hearings are mind-numbingly dull, but not these.
With her, he was barking orders and deflecting questions.
The midfielder spoke little English and had never set foot in this country, but Mason's father was a retired serviceman born in Philadelphia.
Last August, Congress passed legislation that allows workers to keep their health insurance if they lose or change jobs, and forbids insurers from denying coverage to people with pre-existing conditions.
In his own time, William Blake (1757-1827) was known mostly as an engraver who wrote obscure poetry.
Ceil and Irving Rosen MATIS-Dr. Jacob D. Dearest friend, you will always be remembered.
Recently, two homeless encampments reappeared on the west embankment between 42d and 43d Streets.
There is still hope that sensible House Republicans will insist on a broad, bipartisan mandate that addresses abuses in both parties.
Pedophiles and maybe even prisoners trade pornography and tips on kidnapping, while trying to seduce children in electronic chat-rooms.
It merits a visit just for the poularde de Houdan -- guinea fowl in two servings, at $44, starting with the breast poached in a truffle sauce, followed by the leg roasted in its own juices.
'' Mr. Berry said, referring to Betty Brown Casey, who provided the $18 million to buy the old department store.
In his oral argument on Friday, Mr. Barr accused the F.C.C.
''There can only be a sense of pain that has come of all these circumstances, and I'm sure that he and Vicky and their children will find a way to put these very, very tough and difficult times in the past.''
Restating his intention to bring classical music into the lives of young people, he said: ''It's more important than a choice or career objective.
The chairman's response was strongly skeptical.
Of the Hindemith, Mr. Somary wrote in the program, ''The delightful, not too stringent contemporary sounds of the inner movements are scored for three soloists, chorus and strings.''
The report, ''Approaching Death: Improving Care at the End of Life,'' is available from National Academy Press, 1-800-624-6242.
And the remarks about the weapons constituted just a couple of sentences in a long essay about the overall situation in North Korea.
''But we'll change their minds,'' she said.
CHIP SHOTS BETSY KING, the winner of the tournament in 1990 and 1991 and the most recent player to be admitted in the L.P.G.A.
The new issuance of private junk bonds is reaching levels we haven't seen since the mid-80's.
He is a painter, too, you know, and there didn't seem to be room for both of us in Germany.''
(Billy) Suddenly at age 26 on August 10, 1997.
But the police said she had persuaded her grandmother, who was the children's legal guardian, to let her keep the children for the weekend.
''I understand that very directly.
The attrition factor, as predictable as October's chill and just as impossible to avoid, has become serious.
Other than a run-scoring single by Derek Jeter (who had three hits) in the third, Neagle controlled the Yankees, who thought they were seeing double after his fellow left-hander, Tom Glavine, had shut them out for nine innings Monday night.
The spun-off company will assume the Marriott International name.
He said in an interview that Mr. Bellomo had ''been taken off the streets for 10 years without the Government going through a 6-month trial.''
But as one character says later, ''We've become sheep, and I don't trust the shepherds,'' so there is a growing resistance movement.
Another Internet threat is the direct sale of music through a consumer's computer onto a blank CD.
The boy, who has not been charged, appeared regularly with his father at meetings with drug dealers and, at least once, acted as a courier for a heroin sale, Robert A. Mintz, an assistant United States attorney, said.
At Paine Webber, these buyers include young professionals, athletes and entrepreneurs seeking tax shelters and future income, said William J. Jester Jr., a managing director and head of the municipal bond department.
Championship at Winged Foot Golf Club in Mamaroneck, N.Y. .
In Buffalo, a lake-effect storm blew east from Lake Erie on Friday and ended early yesterday afternoon, leaving more than 17 inches of snow on the runways of Greater Buffalo International Airport.
Two lamb dishes were also well-seasoned, though differed considerably in the quantity and quality of the meat served.
Only when General Abacha snubbed the world by executing the opposition figure Ken Saro-Wiwa and eight others on the eve of a Commonwealth summit meeting did an enraged Mr. Mandela demand sanctions.
Since the Tutsi-dominated Presidential Guard killed a Hutu President in 1993, the Hutu have been in rebellion and the army has been suppressing them.
The new budget bill would establish seven new Medicare benefits to cover the costs of preventive health care services, including mammography, Pap smears and screening for colon cancer, prostate cancer and osteoporosis.
But it could have used a few more serving lads and wenches the day we stopped by.
In addition, all coins that are thrown into the fountains at the mall in October, November and December will go to Unicef.
Such is the dizzying route taken by Rebecca Solnit in A BOOK OF MIGRATIONS: Some Passages in Ireland (Verso, $25).
None of the score of victims whose pictures are featured at the demonstrations had any criminal histories.
Mr. Perelman, through holding companies, owns 80 percent of the stock in Marvel, the comic book and trading card company that is now in Chapter 11 bankruptcy-law proceedings.
And they evolved with wind and sun, so they do not need a wind screen, which would ruin the view.
The main pollution you see now is runoff from the oil from cars.
He also interrogated prisoners, and began believing that Communism was a greater threat to world security than most leaders realized -- an opinion that would influence the rest of his life.
Mets officials said they were far from making final the club's official position on realignment.
If some came, fine; if not, so be it.
In any event, race is clearly an issue in the trial, though one that is so contentious that even some residents of Kennedy Heights, where nearly everyone is African-American, have begun to question whether bringing it so prominently into the case was a good idea.
The official said, after a pause: ''I think it's pretty obvious.
Although Villa did sell his war to Hollywood and did adhere to his contract, which required him to fight his battles in the daytime so they could be filmed, some of the facts in the above paragraph are incorrect.
The report, ''Breaking the Social Contract: The Fiscal Crisis in Higher Education,'' calls for a radical restructuring of universities, including an effort to overhaul university governance to limit the power of individual departments, redefining and often reducing the ambitions of different institutions and a sharing of resources between institutions.
The mess hall and the yard were no better.
Scientists assessed the children's exposure to the magnetic fields that power lines produce, measuring the fields in the children's residences, past and present, and where the mothers lived when they were pregnant.
''Great,'' the Redskin quarterback said.
Islamic law and tradition call for strict punishment of any Muslim who converts to another faith, and any attempt to induce a Muslim to convert is illegal.
Mr. Niemira, the Wall Street economist, put it this way: ''Although blue-collar employment is unlikely to garner a substantially larger share of total employment than it already has, its worst days may be over.''
Throughout, he played a major part in rebuilding and sustaining Jewish communities in Europe, and he helped establish programs for Jews in Israel and Muslim countries.
Dinner, appetizers $1.25 to $7.95; entrees $7.95 to $29.95.
But I recommend an early departure, particularly if you're traveling on a weekday, as I was; I began on a Friday, leaving about 7:30 A.M., which made me about an hour too lazy.)
THE INSTANT SLEEPER Bright-eyed until he realizes that someone has boarded the bus.
He went to Fordham and worked in city government.
And that was indeed the case.
Catherine Harriet Sandler, the daughter of Dr. Lucy Freeman Sandler and Dr. Irving Sandler of New York, was married last evening to Tom Shane Bussey, the son of Andrea Larsen and John H. Bussey, both of Portland, Ore. Millard L. Midonick, a retired judge of New York County Surrogate's Court, officiated at Artists Space, an exhibition gallery in New York.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended down 32.51 points, or five-tenths of 1 percent, at 6,976.48 after racing up 265 points since the start of the week.
A lean, intense man who blends in with the determined morning throng simultaneously walking and making serial cell-phone calls, Mr. Davis is not afraid of leitmotif in defending the White House: ''Abraham Lincoln, when he ran for re-election, had his whole campaign organization in the Lincoln Bedroom.
But for those who might want their money back after learning that Leonard was damaged goods, this is the risk of pay-per-view boxing.
If the American Congress could retain laws after the Supreme Court struck them down, freedoms would come and go with the political winds.
Contact between caseworkers and the children was infrequent and in many instances nonexistent.
''I'm fortunate to have enough players who are capable,'' Torre said.
The other choked and stopped breathing briefly, the researchers said.
Whereas with this film, you have to assign moral weight to these people's actions.
The Steelers re-signed place-kicker Norm Johnson after discovering that Chris Jacke, the former Packer, will be out four to six weeks with a hip injury, and they released quarterback Jim Miller, their opening-day starter last year.
''I've got to get my heart rate down to Ernie's,'' said Faxon, jokingly.
According to shredded billing documents bearing the watermark of the Rose Law Firm, Hillary Clinton immediately saw that El Nino might save the Whitewater investment.
You need not call the Psychic Friends Network to be convinced that there is such a thing as reincarnation.
''Today,'' said Mr. Adamson of United Space, ''we fly 7 to 8 flights a year.
But Democratic leaders in the House and the Senate have argued against making that a deadline.
If I had a child who was 2 or 3 and his weight was off the chart, I'd be alarmed, and try to modify it.
Trico Marine Services Inc., Houma, La., 4.8 million shares.
This includes an on-line reservations system that allows travelers to book flights, hotels and rental cars from their personal computers, using a list of options that ranks the best deal for the company and insures compliance with corporate policy on costs and other travel concerns.
All told, their responses represented more than 1,000 classes citywide.
official in the Reagan Administration in charge of air quality, led a group that took over the mill from the USX Corporation.
Employing such hyperbole succeeds only in spurring these characters on to further violence.
He should also think about toning down the relentless use of portamento and scooped attacks.
I get tired because I'm not in the best shape yet.''
''That time, the 2-3 worked on them.
But these plans are important because America continues to rely on its formidable nuclear arsenal to deter potential nuclear, biological and chemical attack.
While each of them discussed individual plans to deal with various issues, many of their responses to questions showed that they were in complete agreement with each other, and many of their proposed solutions to problems were short on specifics.
Other common signs include frequent physical complaints, like stomachaches and headaches, excessive worrying or guilt over minor mistakes, sleep disturbances and undue fatigue.
''It looks better that way,'' says Megara.
''If that's what's good for him,'' Tyson said.
Then, in the words of Annie Elkins, the poet, she ''seized the boiling pot, run with it through the door, and when it was blazing hot threw the steaming kettle, pudding and all, down the hill at the British.''
But within blocks of the offices where Gov.
Several brokers who left A. R. Baron, a securities firm that is now defunct, went on to work at GKN.
The Jets' JOHN HALL, who is tied for third in the league in scoring with 21 points, is the first rookie in league history to kick 50-yard field goals in his first two games.
But his mere presence tells you all you need to know.
With her strokes shaky all match, Graf lost eight of the first nine points before recovering to beat the American, 6-3, 3-6, 6-1, and advance to the third round.
Pittsburgh dominated the football game from the second quarter on, especially on the offensive side of the football.''
At Edgewood, which had a ground-breaking ceremony in late October, the parents, teachers and administrators who worked to get the project underway expressed delight to see the work begun.
Dr. Karenga's seven candles match seven principles he believed necessary for black Americans to survive in America with their self-esteem intact: unity, self-determination, collective work and responsibility, cooperative economics, purpose, creativity and faith.
Quoting from one of several statements that the police said Mr. Timmendequas gave them after they had focused on him as a suspect, the prosecutor read what, according to the police, were Mr. Timmendequas's own words.
Its supporters say actual savings could be greater.
They rushed to seal off the module and fired rockets to stabilize the space station.
Under Mr. Szyc's high-wage, high-employment managerial policies, the shipyard, which is 60 percent state-owned and 40 percent worker-owned, never had a chance in the free-market era.
Later, my father was committed to an insane asylum.
Yesterday, Mr. Rodriguez would not answer questions about his own disappearance or that of Mr. King.
''The main focus will be his relationship with Lee.
In lieu of flowers contributions may be made to Camp Dora Golding, UJA-Federation of Jewish Philanthropies.
Mr. Fortier testified that he had frequently used methamphetamine and that he had taken it several times with Mr. McVeigh.
Yet this day in Edison, a suburban township of some 93,000 people, was much like any other as far as the police here and in similar but smaller communities around the state are concerned.
The enrollment was 30,000 students in 1974, but has quadrupled since and now represents about 13 percent of the city's 1.1 million students.
Inventory includes pantyhose, nightgowns, pajamas, slips and camisoles -- all for sizes 14 to 54.
Ruth W. Messinger, the Manhattan Borough President, who is also running for mayor, said Mr. Giuliani had done little to cure the city's long-term budget problems, noting that the future projected deficits remained large.
The trading pit in the firm's fifth-floor offices on Old Country Road in Garden City was a ''stark symbol'' of the daily environment faced by the plaintiffs, the suit asserted.
WHEELCHAIR ACCESS Everything on one level.
FRIDAY The Commerce Department reports on personal income and spending for October.
Would he appear at court in sackcloth and ashes and full of confessions of self-loathing?
''All that is voice-over, and voice-over isn't as strong as what people are saying in front of the camera,'' Brian responded.
In four and a third innings, the Seattle bullpen was charged with six runs, nine hits and four walks.
In New England, there are new developments in the long-running war between Maine and New Hampshire over the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard.
''They take a poll and see what it says.''
''It's sort of serendipitous when this comes on the ballot just as events converge to make people think the system is dysfunctional,'' said Gerald Benjamin, a political science professor at the State University at New Paltz, who has written extensively on the idea of a convention.
On Tuesday, German steelworkers will take to the streets in Frankfurt to protest two big banks' backing for Krupp A.G.'s intended combination with another huge steelmaker, Thyssen A.G. Today, Krupp withdrew a hostile bid for its rival, and the two companies said they had made progress toward a less sweeping plan melding their steelmaking operations.
Hoyt won the United States men's title in 1962, the junior men's title in 1961 and the novice men's title in 1959.
The decision came in response to a motion by the plaintiffs for summary judgment, meaning that the panel believed that the evidence was so overwhelming that there was no need for a trial.
He also addressed the police officers in the audience, from the Long Branch officers sitting in the pews to the dozens -- the uniformed patrolmen, the plainclothes detectives, the bagpipers in kilts -- sitting on folding metal chairs in the basement, watching the Mass on a television monitor.
''I would like to have seen savings of between 500 million and 600 million francs.''
But Judas Priest fans are already fascinated.
''My leisure suit was in the cleaner's that day.''
''We have not been executing as we should,'' he said.
The soldiers have kept a low profile, patching up their wretched living quarters in looted Albanian Army barracks and visiting the melange of competing local authorities.
While many aren't as deeply invested as Mr. Biggs's plumber, many now have retirement money in defined-contribution plans, like 401(k)'s, rather than in traditional pension plans, and would thus feel pain if stocks fell sharply.
Throughout Africa, there was elation at the prospect that diamonds and minerals plundered by Europeans would finally enrich local people.
It also received the jury prize for best documentary at the Leipzig Film Festival.
Mindful of these problems, the Toyota Comedy Festival is sponsoring a weekend just for families, where the jokes are clean, the only cross-dressing is done by clowns and the performers are as likely to toss off grapefruits and cream pies as one-liners.
Obviously I've played well in the past, and that helps too.
We extend our heartfelt condolences to the entire family.
Mr. Russo said he would seek to have many supporters at the hearing to praise his stewardship.
Norfolk Southern and CSX expect to file a joint merger application early in June with the Surface Transportation Board, the Federal regulatory agency that must approve all railroad mergers.
The older the passengers were, the more they tended to recite testimonials to Mr. Deng's ''greatness'' in the way that all Chinese learn by rote from Communist Party texts in grade school, where tracts about party heroes and their selfless contributions to the masses trip off the tongue like nursery rhymes.
Accordingly, she and her husband, Jay Neitz, a vision scientist at the college, are developing a new two-part color vision test.
What is more, as a result of that arrangement and because of later actions by Mr. Barbour, some $740,000 of Mr. Young's $2.1 million collateral ended up in the account of the Republican National Committee in 1996 and was funneled into last year's Congressional elections.
Kids need to be able to go out and get a taste -- a real taste -- of what the world, the real world, is like.
Maybe it's because Messinger is not that popular and doesn't have a lot of money.''
For herself, though, Ms. Brown makes do without a dishwasher and drives a 1983 Buick.
It's good legerdemain, bad art.
CART World Series champion Al Unser Jr., who has a year left on his contract with the team owned by the entrepreneur Roger Penske.
Both structures display leafy Corinthian pilasters.
But since the revolution, the chance to play in public has been constrained by a long list of restrictions, including those that forbid women from appearing unless they are properly covered, meaning at minimum a tightly bound scarf and long raincoat.
The fifth-seeded Gustafsson reached today's final with a 6-2, 6-4 victory over Kenneth Carlsen of Denmark in the other semifinal at the International Tennis Center in Beijing.
Sunday at 8 P.M.; tickets are $37 to $62 (Pareles).
He was already an outstanding competitor in ski jumping, in which the skier races down a long slide at 60 miles an hour or faster and then flies into space, only a few feet above a steep hill.
''I just came in to see if the music is too loud,'' she says cheerfully.
Title 2 of the modified bill seeks to limit the role of independent expenditures in political campaigns.
A ferocious fire that officials believe was deliberately set swept through a warehouse yesterday that holds important records for thousands of companies and government agencies.
ITALIAN family-style dining has made its mark on Long Island.
But somewhere within that two-week period, that you're away, you'll get an invitation and you'll say, ''Gee, I'm so glad I brought this.''
made its displeasure official, accusing Reynolds of violating Federal laws by promoting lethal and addictive products to those not even old enough to buy them.
But Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani said that the Fire Department's ''phenomenal'' three-minute response time meant that ''a fire that could have been life threatening was an inconvenience with some injuries, none of them life threatening and most sustained by firefighters.''
Mr. Stamboulidis did not say why they were false, and he and other prosecutors told reporters that all their arguments would be presented at hearings before Judge Block.
Unofficially, she doesn't know the meaning of the word.
Mr. Garment dismisses himself as variously a ''verbal manic-digressive'' and ''Chicken Little on speed.''
But Mr. Smith isn't finished.
45 years of dedication to the Hearst Corporation.
Over the next 12 months, Mr. O'Neill said he expected the yen to appreciate 5 to 6 percent against the dollar.
Neither the White House nor the Senate is likely to find that acceptable, leading to a stalemate that would keep the funds locked up until midyear.
''We had about seven or eight names on that list of untouchables and this young man was on that list,'' Watson said of Armas, whose father, Tony Armas, hit 43 home runs for Boston in 1984.
''He's always working on behalf of the other jockeys,'' said Allan R. Dragone, former chairman of the New York Racing Association.
The participants slept at home in their own beds and kept records for three nights.
One reason, perhaps, that Harlem street life had such a powerful impact on Mrs. Petry, was that it was so far removed from her own genteel upbringing.
Although not as brassy as Trump Towers, its Fifth Avenue cousin, the new Trump International Hotel and Tower, which was scheduled to open Wednesday on Columbus Cir .
Pour the sauce on top.
A lingering question in the debate is whether such a ban would be constitutional.
If the relationship were sexual before she turned 16, it would be statutory rape under Massachusetts law.
But the story is about you, not him, she was told.
Bocce Cafe, 478 Green Street (415) 981-2044, is open daily for lunch and dinner.
The results are similar for other tracking companies.
*A solar waste-water demonstration project, $600,000.
The fungi, which overwinter in cankers (areas of dead bark tissue) formed on twigs and branches, produce spores that are carried to leaves and buds by spring moisture.
''My driving force is in trying to make a difference,'' the 32-year-old Yahn said.
There are many reasons for local governments to be wary of these towers.
That means that Savarese and Briggs will be at the head of that line of young heavyweight contenders to meet Lewis, if they can both win.
''Lasik can be more satisfactory to patients'' than the current eye surgery laser, said an F.D.A.
Irving, our true friend and selfless Jewish professional leader, will be sorely missed.
Art Garfunkel will perform, and Deborah Norville, the host of the ''Inside Edition'' syndicated television show, will be among the honorees.
The viewer seems high above, as if in an airplane.
Mr. Gable went on to win an Olympic gold medal and has been the coach at Iowa for 21 years.
But even for those who met him, he remained something of an enigma, especially since he was careful to avoid offering specific details about how he might manage economic and political change.
's, really are the wave of the future, stock analysts say.
Sold out; returns may be available the day of the performance (Bernard Holland).
Will I be less of a woman?
Steve Smith had 25 points as visiting Atlanta won for the 11th time in 13 games to remain tied with the Knicks for the third Eastern Conference playoff spot.
Macy Egerton, a spokeswoman for Deutsche Morgan Grenfell, blamed high marketing costs and an overestimated demand.
''I think the print people are over the place,'' she said.
At today's hearing, Mr. Grossman cross-examined a Westhampton detective, Edwin Hamor, who told the court how a series of witnesses identified Mr. Chronis in a lineup as one of a group of white men who assaulted Mr. Daniels, who is black.
The health maintenance organization, Inter Valley Health Plan Inc. of Pomona, is considering an appeal on the ground that ''the medical facts of the case don't support the decision,'' said Mark Covington, the company's president.
The law includes in that category any conviction for selling drugs, even if it is a first offense and no prison sentence is imposed.
Tickets, $8 each event, at the Renaissance School, 35-59 81st Street (near 37th Avenue), on June 14; at St. Mark's Church, corner of 34th Avenue and 82d Street, on June 15.
Several economists note that with the United States economy poised to hum along at least through next spring and some of the lowest unemployment rates in decades, the Japanese trade surplus is not a hot-button political issue in the United States.
At times, electric vehicle safety has been a political issue.
In February, Mr. Baluch's American bosses turned to him to make a quick undercover payment in what they considered a modest but potentially useful operation.
Hugh Pearson, a columnist at The Village Voice who was dismissed last winter, has filed a lawsuit against The Voice alleging breach of contract and intentional infliction of emotional distress.
''No expense was considered too great for the final effect.''
On behalf of the Oklahoma grand jury, Mr. Macy's office asked for access to F.B.I.
The top occupations for Pakistani immigrants listed in the 1990 census were taxi driver, truck driver and construction worker.
There are environments that still look askance upon a strong statement of personal dress.
I have never seen a Hong Kong film that dealt with this issue.''
Since his retirement he has been a resident of Deerfield Beach Florida.
in 1957 retiring in 1963.
A consummate man of the theatre and the last of the great impresarios, Sir Rudolf served our company for close to a quarter of a century, guiding the Metropolitan to new heights of artistic achievements.
Whites have long been a majority on the board, and white members have historically voted with Hispanic members, in a group that has been criticized as the Slam Dunk Gang.
When the deal was announced last week, the White House said there would be ''an excellent improvement'' in Medicare to help low-income people.
Marilyn Ondrasik, the head of the Bridgeport Child Advocacy Coalition, which organized this morning's event, called it ''shortsighted'' to use Federal aid to supplant state spending on social service programs.
Deprived of any written materials of note, and offered instead a raft of trivia, I begin to cavil and to worry unnecessarily.
Very narrow rings are often evidence of disease or harsh weather and are symptoms of weak timber.
Rios, one of the most gifted shot makers on tour, has a reputation for folding when adversity strikes, but he has now won seven five-set matches in a row.
''We will be held hostage to a national crisis, and we need to insure that we do everything we can to get out of that position and minimize the impact.''
By shooting clean, Aidarov was able to cross the finish line first.
Richard Coffey leads Connecticut Choral Artists in an exploration of Christmas in the Old World at St. James's Episcopal Church, Hartford, and again tomorrow evening at 7:30 at First Congregational, Simsbury.
crowed the jubilant president of the Queens Historical Society after the Landmarks Preservation Commission voted unanimously Tuesday morning to make the Moore-JacksonCemetery a city landmark.
Her 3-point play with 5:33 remaining brought the Wildcats within 52-51.
The mainstream companies may be hipper than one might think.
Is such an old design going to meet modern safety standards?
Trump Plaza Boardwalk at Mississippi Avenue.
Prices for gasoline contracts surged on the New York Mercantile Exchange yesterday after an industry report showed that inventories declined more than expected last week, as vacationing motorists had their busiest week of the year.
Sooner or later, though, like the young man in ''Madeleine's Ghost,'' everyone comes back to New Orleans, if only to test the memory of their senses.
FRIEDMAN-Mary Louise, on February 25, 1997.
Cycle of Awareness: The Critical Factors To be sure, other perceived injustices in the world have long generated their own movements, from opposition to Indonesia's occupation of East Timor to the detention of Mrs. Aung San Suu Kyi.
The new Long Island chapter of the Sommelier Society of America will hold its first chapter meetings at Carltun on the Park and Sagpond Vineyards on Tuesday and Wednesday.
''If we win even one year,'' he said, ''then everything we went through for three years will be forgotten.''
It elicited a feisty and prompt response from Schools Chancellor Rudy Crew, who accused her of ''sordid duplicity.''
Among her friends, she added, class rank is not even a topic of discussion.
''But I was having fun.
Already highly successful, she wanted the lead in ''The Divorcee,'' but no one thought she could play a siren, not even Irving Thalberg, her husband and one of the chief muckety-mucks at MGM.
Three times this month, the Syrian Government has bristled at statements from the State Department, including one that advised Syria to reconsider its accusation that Israel was responsible for an explosion on a Damascus bus that caused many casualties, and another registering strong disapproval of a deal under which South Africa could sell Syria some $600 million worth of upgrades for its main battle tanks.
At Spectacolor, Mr. Stonbely said: ''We don't want to sell.
Talking on the air with the country singer Dwight Yoakam last month, Mr. Letterman said he was ''too lazy to change his presets'' on his radio and had become ''addicted to that country music'' on Y-107.
As a lifelong Yankee fan, and someone who has attended more than 100 Yankee games at Yankee Stadium, I must agree with Chass that a baseball game between the team with arguably the best player in baseball (Ken Griffey Jr.) and the world champions should be attracting more than 21,000 fans.
I finished first, but I was disqualified because I drifted out of my lane on the last turn, and they said I blocked Jan.
And when you work 16 or 17 hours a day, you've barely got time to think.
When the league's summer season comes to a close, Lifetime's sports programming will continue.
Mrs. Whitman had announced that the agreement called for Mirage to serve as the developer and accept all responsibility for completing the project, including any excess costs.
''The troops are here because they were called for by the Albanian Government,'' he said.
Besides, this responsibility should not be shifted to parents.
Mr. Reed said that by focusing on the grisly procedure itself -- and on the potential viability of a fetus -- abortion foes undercut the primacy of the woman and made her secondary to the fetus.
The prosecutor would not say who the new targets might be, but he said there could be an indictment by the first week of May.
The two and three-family houses will sell for $155,000 to $230,000.
Technology analysts at Goldman, Sachs & Company said in a report that while the economies of the United States and Europe remain healthy, ''the current strength of the U.S. dollar and Asian situation will likely alter trading patterns over the near term, tempering U.S.
In the space of a dozen pages, she moves from a few quick sentences about bullying in Japanese schools to a description of a devastating earthquake, from an account of her visit to the local library to one of the mobile bath that visits her grandmother, from a description of washing laundry by hand in a tub to memories of the baby across the street who died.
Three road races last year had at least 50,000 finishers apiece: the Lilac Bloomsday 12K Run in Spokane, Wash., with 56,156; the Examiner Bay to Breakers, a 12-kilometer race in San Francisco, 53,030, and the Peachtree, with an estimated 50,000.
Robin Schwalb's ''Sammy and Rosie Get Laid to Rest'' (a title borrowed in part from a 1987 film), is a schematic interpretation of the artist's childhood home and a memorial to her late parents.
Of those, 53 officers were disciplined.
Quality retailing and so-called destination stores are being sought for downtown.
As with other Treasuries, the new bonds will be auctioned quarterly, with the next offering in April.
''Disabled people almost totally sacrifice spontaneity,'' she said.
Rents on Park Avenue might run around $100 to $150 a square foot, one half to two thirds the cost of comparable space on Madison Avenue, said Kate D. Coburn, director of retail services at Cushman & Wakefield.
For the last five years, Mostly Mozart's planners have been searching for ways to liven up the festival, to capture the excitement that surrounded it in its early days, when it was fresh and trendy, in its dressed-down way.
Investigators raided the Tokyo headquarters of Yamaichi on July 30.
''Initially, the vast majority of the subscribers will not take digital.''
She was born in Cambridge, MA, daughter of Hugh Bancroft and Mary Agnes Cogon.
They are amaranths, related to Joseph's coat, love-lies-bleeding and other amaranths that gardeners grow on purpose.
The New Jersey Transit drivers, Patrick Flynn Sr. of Warwick, N.Y., Edward Bailey of Lanoka Harbor and Frank Burkhart of Bordentown, winners of the state competition, will go to the American Public Transit Association's Bus Operators' Roadeo in Chicago in September.
The reasons for having a hysterectomy vary widely and are accorded varying degrees of legitimacy.
The problem is like finding one's way in Manhattan without a map.
Ward was never one of them.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 113.10 points, or 1.47 percent, erasing last week's entire 77-point drop in a single session.
Adhering to the conditions will mean closing insolvent financial institutions and companies, putting people out of work, and slowing growth in a nation that has become accustomed to perpetual boom.
He expects domestic rates to rise by at least 5 percent to 7 percent annually over the next two years.
During the banking merger mania of the 1990's, for example, some people have profited by snapping up bank stocks or the shares of mutual funds that specialize in banking.
A central issue in this large assembly of photographs is how the cross, a universally resonant symbol, is currently treated.
For Minary's service, he did receive a $100,000 bequest from Paley's $500 million estate, but it was far from an easy road.
Financial terms were not disclosed.
10 Florida (18-5, 8-1 Southeastern Conference) to victory at Kentucky (7-16, 0-10).
By measuring the time it takes the echo to return to the skin surface, the instrument determines the thickness of the intervening fat.
President Clinton, who is coming to Bosnia on Monday for a brief visit with some of the 8,500 American soldiers here, has called for an extension of the peacekeeping mission to prevent a resumption of the war and to build on the handful of tentative resettlement programs, like the one here.
''The power of being an artist is not having your face on the cover of Interview magazine or your work shown at the Whitney,'' he said, ''but that someone you can't even imagine 100 years later looks at what you've done and it means something to him.''
Throughout his memory-souvenier assemblages Mr. Buchman displays a sensitivity to the gestures and attitudes of his sources.
Wash and remove the leaves from the oregano, and sprinkle over tomato slices.
Inspired by the President's recent dog-and-pony show about volunteerism, he wants ''to donate crowbars and wire cutters to open the hood of cars whose alarms blare outside my window at all hours.''
''He was putting the ball where he wanted to.''
''It was unbelievable,'' Frost said.
He lived a monastic life, shunning relationships with women, and encouraged his musicians to do the same.
The up-and-down air fares went back up today and this time they appeared likely to stay up for a while.
''But I felt, in my mind, I'd get it back.''
One, over Scottie Pippen, jolted the fans from a slumber.
Panels on the roofs turn sunlight into electricity; rainwater is quietly filtered for drinking and heated for showers.
Trans World Airlines said that its auditors had included a qualification in the carrier's annual report regarding its ''ability to continue as a going concern.''
For Christopher Coleman, the Decorator and Design Building showrooms seem last resources.
Besides tonight's game against the Colorado Rockies, games on Sunday, Tuesday and Wednesday are among those that might be blacked out.
''It is kind of like getting Al Capone on income tax evasion,'' said Mr. Korb, a former Assistant Secretary of Defense.
*Governor Whitman's plan does not now have majority support in the five-member Senate Commerce Committee or the seven-member Assembly Insurance Committee.
Some wires are hung so loosely and so low that I can touch them.
PHYLLIS NAGY A native New York who, as she had admitted, can't get arrested here.
If foreign ownership rises to 45 percent, Lufthansa can sell new shares, excluding current shareholders from the sale.
Adam Curry of the Universal Life Church officiated.
Following the Feb. 11 announcement by the Caldor Corporation that it would close the store in May because of poor performance, owners, managers and workers at a half-dozen nearby businesses were already reporting mediocre sales last week.
The Marlins' stated purpose in signing such players as Alex Fernandez, Moises Alou and Bobby Bonilla was to thrust the team onto a higher plateau of capability and lure fans back to the park, where their numbers had dwindled since the expansion season of 1993.
The population today is more than 260 million.
But owners of booting companies who were also at the hearing denied the harassment charges.
At the other end of the hall from St. Etienne is the Fischbach Gallery, which has evolved over the years into a mecca of Realist painting.
Her mother is a communications consultant in Menlo Park.
Luxury: The New York Palace, 455 Madison Avenue at 50th Street, has had a massive, much-needed renovation.
In addition, Mr. Moore said consumers in Western countries, accustomed to glossy paint, might not like the panels' matte finish.
The fund, with $295 million in assets, had 45 percent of those assets in midsize and smaller companies, meaning those with market caps of less than $5 billion, as of October.
Asked if the film had changed his life, Mr. Gooding said over the phone from London, where he is promoting the movie: ''Changed my life?
In addition to the housing authority, the indictment said, goods were stolen from the city's Board of Education, the New Community Corporation, a nonprofit housing and training agency, and eight businesses.
''There has never been a moment in modern history that the people made clearer that they want a chance to find a political formula other than the one being given them by the two parties,'' Mr. Cuomo said.
''They have a right to audit us one way or another.
Ms. Viemeister, who owns Shoofly on 465 Amsterdam Avenue, between 82d and 83d Streets, recently opened a Shoofly in TriBeCa, at 42 Hudson Street between Duane and Thomas Streets.
But investigators say allegiance to his family took a back seat to business.
The site is currently zoned to permit the building of 1.1 million square feet of office space.
Mr. Brandt falsely testified in Milwaukee that he had obtained a master's degree from Harvard University and master's and doctorate degrees in international economic development from the University of Chicago.
''That is a finding that is true in retrospect,'' said Kenneth A. Mooney, the director of signaling.
Israel must vigorously protect its security, but not by the use of torture.
Among the missing weapons may be tons of a deadly nerve gas, VX, and biological agents like anthrax and botulinum toxin, or installations to make them.
Another lawyer who has handled high-profile brutality cases, James I. Meyerson, said he considered Mr. Neufeld and Mr. Scheck to be DNA experts -- that was their contribution to the Simpson case -- far more than ''experienced police misconduct litigators.''
Walter Alston, the pastor of a nearby church, Metropolitan Baptist, said parishioners were invited to use his church while Bethesda was rebuilt.
Largely as a result of his efforts, a game preserve for rhinos was established in Kenya and tough new anti-poaching operations were established in Zimbabwe and Namibia.
This month it won a key victory: The State Court of Appeals gave the city the right to regulate vendors wherever they caused congestion or created a nuisance anywhere in the five boroughs.
Mr. Bernstein recalled the conversation differently, contending that he said he knew of nothing wrong with Mr. Jett's trading and that he suggested to Mr. Finkelstein that he speak with Mr. Cerullo.
''It's the same story with calcium,'' she said.
Almost immediately, State Department officials delivered an angry protest to the Mexican Ambassador over the apparently vast breach in his country's defenses against drug trafficking.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the American Cancer Society.
FLUSHING Queens Reinterprets Classical Music The Queens Symphony Orchestra is showing that classical music does not come only come from old Europe.
Normally the denizens of ''E.R.,'' the NBC medical thriller and most-watched show on television, don't stray far from the hospital emergency room where they conduct business.
Greyhound's Airline Greyhound, meanwhile, has a tie-in with Airtran, formerly Valujet.
''We sat and talked for about three hours after it was done,'' Fleisher said.
Ed Mullane, Ford Dealers Alliance
They exchanged obligatory high-fives while Gordon thanked his sponsors as if reading from a shopping list.
Ansel Adams's black and white photographs have been engraved so large into the national consciousness, I feared the reality of color would be faded by comparison.
Jeeves had taken immediate exception to Wilfred and Wilfred to Jeeves.
The lidocaine syringe was then filled by placing it in the metal cup.
''Traveler'' is exactly the kind of small, good, thoroughly likable film that action monsters like ''Speed 2'' blow out of the water.
has obtained in the case.
But it requires the full force of all government agencies to handle it, and it's not as simple as it sounds.''
The company has remained on the offensive, issuing statements attacking the comments in the original article as ''simply false,'' like an assertion by The Leader that Corning had vastly overestimated demand for its product and that the company was facing competition overseas from a manufacturer that was matching the quality of Corning's product.
Baseball American League BOSTON RED SOX -- Placed 1B Mo Vaughn on the 15-day disabled list.
''I want to be able to hold up a national magazine two or three years from now and have New York City lead America in massive reductions in drug abuse,'' Mayor Giuliani said.
Two young actors with soaring reputations have written themselves a smart and touching screenplay, then seen it directed with style, shrewdness and clarity by Gus Van Sant.
Texaco stock rose $1.375 yesterday, to $108.375.
Kenneth Bowersox of the Navy.
An informal survey of Manhattan drug stores, however, revealed that New Yorkers have shied from home testing.
''Any time that the Democrat is able to get back to the larger issue of choice,'' said Geoffrey Garin, a Democratic pollster who has advised Mr. Beyer, ''the issue works to the Democrat's advantage.''
Dumbarton Oaks, 1703 32d Street, N.W., (202)339-6401.
Her girlfriends elbow her playfully, and Eden Dodd giggles about her sweet indecision.
Think Barbie and Big Macs, rap music and all-terrain vehicles.
Copies of the report may be obtained from Public Agenda, 6 East 39th Street, New York, N.Y. 10016, for $12.50 each.
For starters, his payroll might already be at its limit.
Few regret the old days as much as Prince Manucher Farmanfarmaian, who is 80 this year, who has led an eventful life inside and outside his native Iran, and who once knew the sweets of power and plenty.
Like NVC Arts' recent ''Art of Singing: Golden Voices of the Century,'' both of the new VAI releases present Mr. Vickers in Florestan's dungeon scene ''Gott!
Both Brown and Williams played under Smith and regarded him as a second father.
As far back as Jacob and Esau, Romulus and Remus, good and evil twins have provided a vehicle for examining dual natures and human identity.
One partner, James B. McDougal, turned on the Clintons after his conviction and agreed to be a cooperating prosecution witness.
The incident happened outside the dressing rooms at Marine Midland Arena in Buffalo.
It will continue to make electronic typewriters, electronic word processors and ribbon cartridges for the equipment, as well as develop new products.
Remove the chicken and drain on a paper towel, pouring off as much oil as possible.
Allow to marinate until it is time to cook.
He added: ''Believe me, this was a little less than perfect.
Thomas K. Graf, President Stephen D. Barkin, Membership Chair Jerrold D. Fuchs, Programming Chair
Faced with lagging performance in the PBHG funds, many shareholders have turned tail and run since the beginning of February.
Adding to the pressure is Mr. Altfest's overall view of stocks for 1997.
And in its early archival scenes showing the building and marketing of Levittown, ''Wonderland,'' which was produced and directed by John O'Hagan, seems to be a serious documentary about housing and suburbia.
The Native American Church counts its total membership at 250,000 people in 50 tribes, or at least 1 of 10 Indians.
record Mr. Noble established in 1983.
That was evident during the campaign, when many of the Tory candidates for Parliament made statements of outright opposition to Britain's giving up the pound and joining the proposed common European currency.
Address questions to Garden Q.& A., The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York 10036, or to gardening@nytimes.com for E-mail.
In the American Basketball League, the Columbus Quest took the title series from the Richmond Rage.
Odelein, who came into tonight's game with one goal this season, departed for home with two, after providing the backhanded game-winner off a Gilmour pass 11 minutes 5 seconds into the final period, as the Devils defeated the Islanders, 5-3, at Nassau Coliseum.
'' So what does it mean now to declare oneself a Universalist?
Moving an appliance across an uneven floor or up a flight of stairs is more difficult because you can't slide it.
Kelsey Theater, 1200 Old Trenton Road, West Windsor.
It could be accomplished by a variety of means, Mr. Platt wrote.
''Things definitely have changed,'' said Mark Plotkin, a political analyst for WAMU, a local public radio station, and a defender of home rule rights for District citizens.
Ms. Harrington said she was surprised that school officials would reach a deal without consulting the parents who have opposed replacing the passes.
While still elegantly French, it features a surprising number of surf and turf items (one starter, three out of eight entrees).
Devoted father of Morton and Joan and Murray and Caren.
Yet, the most significant series in the Heat's history starts tomorrow.
HOURS -- Lunch: Tuesdays through Fridays, 11:30 A.M. to 2:30 P.M. Dinner: Tuesdays through Thursdays, 5 to 10 P.M.; Fridays and Saturdays, to 11 P.M.; Sunday, 4 to 9 P.M. RESERVATIONS -- Recommended.
Following WW II, she left Hungary to join her mother and brothers in America.
For quiet, he said, double- or triple-glazed windows are important, as well as higher-priced machinery for the air-conditioning systems.
Many scientists believe that the culprit is the abnormal production of certain proteins and/or a deficiency of certain neurotransmitters.
The two Presidents also issued a statement promising to push for ratification of the Chemical Weapons Convention before it comes into force on April 29.
Hebron abruptly fell quiet today after the Palestinian Authority deployed 200 policemen on its end of the narrow Shalala Street, the site of duels between Palestinian youths and Israeli soldiers virtually daily for a month.
Stroller man grabs her wrist.
Violists are not alone in their problems.
Technological religion is partly responsible for the great expectations raised with each new stock offering by a technology company.
Her mother is a French teacher at St. Ann's School in Brooklyn Heights.
The freshman Tim Thomas and his teammate Jason Lawson -- two-thirds of a formidable front line -- each scored 19 points (Lawson getting 17 after intermission) as the Wildcats came from behind to defeat the Pirates, 88-67, before a capacity crowd of 6,592 at duPont Pavilion.
Month after month, the former superstar bond trader at Kidder, Peabody & Company has tediously sorted through 429 boxes of documents, computer records and tapes, trying to refute accusations that he engineered an astounding $339 million in phony profits.
But since becoming Speaker in 1995, he has spoken only rarely from the floor.
The health of a multimillion-dollar enterprise depended upon the decisions of teen-agers.
After last week's defeat, Aikman and Switzer had a conversation that may have been heated.
''A lot of the drivers do not understand the implications of this vote,'' he said, ''and as usual, the union did a lot of misrepresentation of the issues.
We are with the partners and relatives of the Andrea Gail's crew as they wait for news in Gloucester.
The data indicate that both large and small orders put downward pressure on the market on Monday.
But they're class knockoffs, man.''
Each has awakened to stories laden with anonymous quotes from unknown assailants wielding hatchets.
The hero enters a labyrinth on a quest.
's endorsement is most welcome,'' he said.
The committee, which reviewed 17 names at a meeting on Monday, bypassed several CUNY presidents, including Allen L. Sessoms of Queens College, Kurt R. Schmeller of Queensborough Community College and Gerald W. Lynch of John Jay College of Criminal Justice.
But Beebe's career otherwise was fairly nondescript.
''They aren't going to add fuel to the fire,'' Mr. Steinberg of Merrill Lynch said.
The cause was cancer, said David H. Manning, a spokesman for the City University of New York, where Dr. Bard was a psychology professor before his retirement in 1986.
LYNDON B. JOHNSON (1963-69): Kennedy's successor brought regional style to the Oval Office: Texan.
He also worked on the formation of the European American Bank in 1974 and was a director of that bank.
Scientists have found other examples of imprinted genes, but none quite this dramatic.
Bartlett paused reflectively when asked about the future of South Africa after Mandela.
The results of those tests will determine whether Nascar allows the 46-year-old driver to rejoin the Winston Cup circuit at its next race Saturday night in Richmond.
The A.C.L.U., founded in 1920, has been a litigant in most of what became landmark civil liberties cases, from the Scopes ''monkey trial'' over the teaching of evolution in 1925 to its victory last year in the Supreme Court decision in Romer v. Evans, involving equal rights for lesbians and gay men.
And the Twinlab Corporation in Ronkonkoma, N.Y., which manufactures and markets vitamins, minerals, nutraceuticals, sports nutrition products, herbs and herbal teas, has named Hanft Byrne Raboy & Partners in New York to handle its consolidated account, with billings estimated at $12 million.
Auto Makers Offering Rebates as Sales Slump The car industry saw a sales decline of 3.8 percent in September, as two of the Big Three auto makers reported their monthly results yesterday.
's electronic bulletin board, which has no standards for listings.
He is the first black to be Sergeant Major of the Army.
The chemical turned up in grain purchased from an independent supplier.
With the Series even at two games apiece, Meyer relieved Johnny Podres in the third inning, with the Yanks leading, 2-1, the bases loaded and two out.
''It's always a balancing act between breadth of coverage and cost,'' Governor Pataki said.
Sept. 5 is celebrated as Ganesha's birthday.
WITH years of economic growth and restructuring under their belts, many companies are sitting on mountains of cash.
Certainly his situation is brighter than the one Parcells or Belichick will face with the Jets, who have a core of players but who have known little success.
HISTORY ON ICE Having made it big in animated films, the tale of Pocahontas and John Smith has been reincarated once more.
His insights have been really moving,'' Mr. Watts said.
Loving great-grandfather of Danielle Feder and Jamie Eisenberg.
One big potential market for the pallet wood is oak flooring, Mr. Muchnick said.
HE was one of 180 witnesses who testified during a seven-month grand jury investigation, which concluded that the tale of Tawana Brawley was a hoax.
But it is believed to be the first contract to grant a player the right to use the club's logo in advertisements or television commercials.
But Valentine hit only .261 in 1974, and he asked to play winter ball in the Dominican Republic for Lasorda.
The brown crumbs it wears like a jacket have the earthy essence of portobello mushrooms and are strengthened with red wine.
It was an unusual move, considering that Airbus really needed to sway just one person, Harry Alger, Delta's executive vice president for operations.
The objective should be based on the principle of inclusion, in keeping with Israel's founding spirit as a homeland for all Jews, observant and non-observant alike.
''You could have the same demographics in New York or L.A., and it wouldn't mix,'' said Bonnie Clearwater, director of the revitalized Museum of Contemporary Art in North Miami, who has lived in all three cities.
The freight train's engineer was released.
The most expensive of these, at $1,950, includes an electronic yaw control (which enhances the car's stability in emergency situations), xenon high-intensity-discharge headlamps and a rain sensor that adjusts the wipers' speed to match the rainfall.
A triple-decker of rare roast beef, turkey and Swiss cheese layered with coleslaw and Russian dressing defies eating at one setting, especially if you are distracted by the side of good potato salad.
(On Saturday, he also wrote an op-ed essay for The New York Times that presaged his television commentary.)
The Mayor said yesterday that he wanted $125 million to go to a reading program for elementary school students and $25 million to restore some arts programs, and he said he would provide $22.7 million for technical support and staff development as more classrooms are equipped with computers.
Beloved wife of the late Thomas.
Ms. Elfman gets a lot of mileage out of squealing, making little chipmunk faces and flaunting Dharma's retro-chic wardrobe and supposedly wacky lack of convention.
And this, they said with rising enthusiasm, might just be the place to look for extraterrestrial life.
They did that by borrowing the currency -- called the baht -- and selling baht for dollars or other currencies.
Federal law requires a five-year minimum sentence for people caught selling five or more grams of crack, while someone convicted of trafficking powder cocaine would receive the same sentence only if 500 grams or more were involved.
''Seven other guys were also late because of the traffic,'' Bulls Coach Phil Jackson said, ''but Dennis was exaggeratedly late.
Intel's chief operating officer, Craig R. Barrett, also said that all employees would be eligible to receive stock options in April.
Hours: 11:30 A.M.-2 P.M. Monday through Thursday.
Michael McKee, the rent law campaign manager for the New York State Tenants and Neighbors Coalition, had warned the Democratic mayoral candidate of his objections before she first held a press conference outlining her proposal that any changes in the rent system be decided by a voter referendum, the candidate's aides said.
''We've always been painted together.
Mother and son are modern-day nomads, having been turned away from New York City shelters 10 times in the last four months.
''I love skating and I want to make sure this year that people know it,'' Lipinski said.
On May 29, 1996, Tommaso McPhee was born.
Mr. Timmendequas, 35, faces murder, kidnapping, rape and sodomy charges.
''We need to help the defense.
Indonesia's natural resources will not last forever.
But many companies have failed to integrate this knowledge into their document management policies.
''If you don't know much about scouting, you miss how much these young men have to do,'' said Ms. Burke, who recently attended the ceremony during which Mr. Stewart received his Eagle Scout badge.
There are even rival organ trios like the ones that flourished in the 50's and 60's.
This hole's rickety, primitive feeling matches most closely the handmade exuberance of old-fashioned courses.
The next year, President John F. Kennedy recruited her as the first woman to become Public Housing Administrator.
The case will be argued in April, in time for a decision before the current term ends in early summer.
Yet after Christiansen's 21 Qf2, the black position was uncomfortably passive and facing a soon-to-materialize pawn avalanche against the king.
Earnings from net interest -- what the bank earns on loans minus the interest it pays for funds -- rose 22 percent, to $513 million.
And those G-rated family entertainment movies built around children, like ''Home Alone'' and ''Honey, I Shrunk the Kids,'' make no pretense at scratching beneath the surface of photogenic tykes.
And the replay clearly showed that David Segui had touched home plate with his left hand before Pratt tagged him.
Recipes for coarser, less sweet ricotta cakes like the Tuscan crostata di ricotta and the Neapolitan pastiera have been around for centuries, according to Matt Sartwell, a resident scholar at the Kitchen Arts and Letters store in Manhattan.
The movie should follow a book.''
''He once found a tree and put it in his Volkswagen Beetle,'' she said.
But today, in a much less confrontational world, a rising and aggrieved China is pressing to be treated by the United States with the same respect as the Soviet Union was, and President Clinton and his advisers did their best over the last few days to oblige.
In 1997, more than 11 of every 20 New Yorkers are immigrants or the children of immigrants.
The sexual habits of the two species couldn't be more different, and they don't much resemble those of human begins.
''They're watching closely to see what happens with this,'' Mr. Caucig said.
From a high of about $290 a square foot, the average value of Class A Manhattan office buildings fell to about $100 in 1993, he said.
Get ready for ''the air wars, when they blast the enemy so the foot soldiers can pour in and win the war,'' as Mr. Doria put it.
Shares of the Rational Software Corporation fell 42 percent yesterday on fears that its plan, announced yesterday, to buy the Pure Atria Corporation, a rival software company, would reduce per-share earnings.
For the species that once thrived in your area, call a native-plant society or nursery specializing in native plants.
Mr. Ray's original confession still stands in the opinion of every judge who has heard him out.
''We have great expectations,'' she said.
En principe, was the treatment for insect bites the same for animals as for humans?
He emphasized, though, that officials could alert law enforcement officials about people suspected of engaging in a fraudulent marriage to evade immigration laws, such as an illegal immigrant who married a citizen solely to stay in the country.
He said he wanted his son to go to a trade school in Rokycany.
''Ordinary food for people who were definitely not ordinary and who had come to a place that was run by someone extraordinary,'' was the way Mr. Strauss, the lawyer and old political pro, described the restaurant and its owner upon learning today of Mr. Zeibert's death.
Radiotelescopes are put in valleys because their rocky flanks block interference from radio waves.
While the peaks are clear, easily tallied goals, I was coming to appreciate the trails themselves more, the process.
The first Federal fisheries laboratory was established in this former whaling and farming village in 1875, largely because it offered a good deep-water harbor and frequent trains to Boston, said Mary Lou Smith, a town historian.
The fresh and vibrant Vietnamese fare that the kitchen churns out is a steady lure at this bright and amiable little spot.
He said he turned the room over to Raul and was nowhere near the motel when Dr. King was killed by a bullet fired from a bathroom window.
Critics also complained that no report of Mr. Lynch's findings was ever made public in his reviews at Bausch & Lomb and Mattel.
''He was handsome, she was gorgeous; they fitted each other's little roles and simply haven't grown out of them,'' she said.
Nowhere before had he encountered a princess unhappy enough to throw herself down a flight of stairs while pregnant.
She, however, reversed herself under intensive questioning by the trustees and said that some students were no longer being required to pass the test.
''We assert that of the 73 teachers who were asking for their jobs back in 1991, only 1 accepted our offer, and he was rehired,'' Mr. Ognibene said.
On Nov. 11, at the age of 47, Milburn was found dead in a railroad car filled with a scalding bleach solution at the paper plant where he had worked outside Baton Rouge for the last nine years.
''Flamingos are long-lived birds that have survived for 50 years in zoos,'' Dr. Conway said.
The Partners in London won for best billboard, promoting the New York flagship of the Warner Brothers Store chain owned by Time Warner Inc. And the Dallas office of TL Partnership, owned by Omnicom, won for best radio campaign, for spots for Aquafina bottled water, a product of the Pepsi-Cola Company unit of Pepsico Inc. Jupiter Drawing Room took top honors in the competition with four gold world medals, three in print and one for radio.
It is always a balanced, elegant wine with a long, very unmerlot-like finish.
Where applicable, Evert sizes up the similarities, and the contrasts, in their games.
from infected blood ranges from almost 100 percent for the recipient of an infected blood transfusion to about 1 in 150 for a person using infected intravenous drug paraphernalia.
They sincerely believed in Communism and they genuinely wanted progress for China, including some kind of democracy.
The 3DO Company said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its hardware systems business to the Samsung Electronics Company, a unit of the Samsung Group of South Korea, for $20 million in cash.
The gem of the merchant ship narrative.
said Thomas F. Mathews, an art history professor at New York University who wrote an essay for the catalogue.
The bride, 29, is an assistant in radio sales and commercial scheduling at WLTW-FM in New York.
But in a telephone interview, Dr. Berenson said genetics combined with life-style factors probably explained the findings.
I was delighted to see the article on the Chevrolet Corvair $(''The Poor Man's Classic Car,'' April 6$).
The rallies received scant attention, but they turned out to be part of an unusual -- and unusually sophisticated -- mobilization effort that was pivotal in the teamsters' winning most of what they sought in their 15-day strike against U.P.S.
Plenty of time for the Patriots to finish in the second half what they had started.
Today, the author does most of his writing in downtown Garden City, in one of several book-lined rooms in his office suite.
Space Is The Place The Lives and Times of Sun Ra.
''Which is why I believe that a mayor must speak out, that what the city must do is act, to investigate the whole wrongdoing, to get to the bottom of why acts like this occur.''
Excluding charges and gains from investments, Equitable earned $132.1 million, or 66 cents a share, in the most recent quarter, up 21.4 percent from $108.8 million, or 55 cents, in the quarter a year earlier.
He is survived by his wife, Martha; a daughter, Sylvia Crouter of Dubois, Wyo.
About 700 buildings were damaged, he added.
''It turned out that the Vail hospital was steering the Mexican women, the Medicaid cases, over the pass to us.''
The Bosnian Croats refused, for example, to permit polls to open in the center of Zepce and Tesanj, which once had Muslim majorities.
This is a thinking man's actor; those who saw his Fool in ''King Lear'' describe him as the most philosophical Fool of all.
increase staffing levels, purchase more tools and reach an agreement on vacation time and plant operating rules and policies.
''God alone knows that if this had been possible within the bounds of the Constitution, I would have done it without any hesitation,'' Mr. Leghari said in his broadcast on Sunday night, referring to a proposed delay of as long as two years.
HORNETS 96, CAVALIERS 88 David Wesley scored 6 of his 20 points in the final 3:36 to help Charlotte to a victory over Cleveland, which lost Shawn Kemp and Brevin Knight for long stretches with injuries.
It's the most innocuous business, and they're reacting like it would be an apocalypse.''
The outcome gave idle Duke the regular-season A.C.C.
But their accounts have changed repeatedly, and dramatically, in the months since.
Anyone who has ever been enticed by a greengrocer's sign promising ''melons, 99 cents,'' then discovered with dismay at the register that the price was per pound and not per melon, will grasp the consequences of changing the unit price of a commodity.
Then he found the even earlier music of Charley Patton, Johnson's mentor, who first took blues to juke joints and weekend fish fries through the Delta, singing songs like ''It Won't Be Long,'' ''Lord I'm Discouraged'' and ''Screamin' and Hollerin' the Blues.''
Then, he just woke up one day and felt it.
The game is important enough that Van Gundy brought Houston, who has played poorly for much of the last month, into his office after practice to make sure his mind was clear and focused.
While it includes a sculpture of Roosevelt sitting in a special chair he sometimes used in public, with two small wheels visible on close scrutiny, there is no statue that shows him in a regular wheelchair, and that omission has bought complaints from many people with disabilities.
The body, too, accumulates fat, especially a pad of fat between the shoulder blades that causes a round-shouldered appearance.
Mr. Arbatov is no democrat.
''It makes an enormous difference to have this kind of cooperation, rather than competitiveness, between institutions at Lincoln Center,'' said Matthew Epstein, Ms. Graham's manager at Columbia Artists Management.
The equipment is all in fine working shape.
Then Williams, who earlier had collected two singles off Bowers batting left-handed, knocked his opposite-field solo shot to right batting from the right side against the left-hander Swindell.
In the pew with Mr. Sharpton -- who received the loudest ovation among the guests who were introduced -- were another Democratic mayoral aspirant, Ruth W. Messinger; Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi, and some of Mr. Flake's Congressional colleagues: Thomas J. Manton, Charles B. Rangel and Edolphus Towns.
Robert Libkind, a spokesman for Conrail, said that some of the issues were ''still under negotiation,'' although a news release from Conrail last Friday said that the company had taken action on bonuses for employees who stay with the company during the transition, and on severance packages.
At Euroweek, one of Euromoney's publications, editorial and advertising staff all sit in the same office, as they used to at Euromoney, said Padriac Fallon, the company's chairman.
To our dear friend Mary, our friends Paul and Caroline Cronson, and the entire family, we extend our deepest sympathy.
Cardinals 14, Phillies 7 Ray Lankford hit a grand slam to cap a nine-run seventh inning as St. Louis beat Philadelphia at Busch Stadium.
Father-inlaw of Janice, Mark and Barry Miller.
Mr. Reyes had been indicted on murder and trafficking charges.
Israel's extradition request said that Mr. Abu Marzook played a direct role in several terror attacks and, as head of the Hamas political arm, had raised money that was used by Hamas guerrillas.
Her love of her family and of life will leave a legacy to her surviving family members.
''There's no question that he was arrested the second time because of the meeting with Shattuck,'' said Tong Yi, Mr. Wei's assistant at the time, who was later jailed for 18 months before being allowed to go to the United States, where she is now a political-science student at Columbia University.
''I will do all in my power to assure that Jim McGreevey is elected governor in 2001,'' he said.
One of the defenders will be allowed to go outside the lane, if the defender so chooses.
Buhner's hit was just the Mariners' third of the game and it made a winner of Randy Johnson (5-1), who gave up six hits in eight innings with one walk, three strikeouts and two hit batsmen.
''Based on the projected decrease, they cut our staff,'' Consul General Brooke C. Holmes acknowledged.
''It's real unfortunate,'' he said, ''that they leave the suggestion that one party to a case cares more about the subject matter than the other guy does.''
Though the Nobel Prizes for science are considerably less arbitrary than many other kinds of awards, they can be influenced by factors other than merit.
Jean has no idea what she wants to do with her life.
The legislation was split into two separate bills.
''After all we went through, she died of something that is usually cured so quickly and easily.''
More important, I saved our axle by discovering a waist-deep pothole in an ankle-deep stream.
''Why do we pass all these laws when nobody follows them?''
Today, Mr. Swartz said, new ideas immediately become commodities.
A law-enforcement official said yesterday that among Mr. Cunanan's belongings was a membership card from the West Side Club, a private establishment on the second floor of a Chelsea office building that provides a sauna, a handful of Nautilus machines, private rooms and, most important, a meeting place for men, some of whom are openly gay.
A 14-year-old girl was raped by two men Friday, prosecutors said, after she met at least one of them at a mall in Paramus earlier in the week.
Athens has a great desire to be that city.
Never in the 62-year history of Burnett -- the world's 12th-largest agency with billings estimated at $5.8 billion -- have senior managers resigned or been forced out.
Thus the Madison Avenue boutique.
Those figures do not include the write-offs, which will equal $2.25 to $2.40 a share, the company said.
Box 368, Friesland, Wis. 53935, (414) 326-4220; free catalogue.
Reiterating what other Japanese monetary officials have said, he warned that they would take action if deemed appropriate.
to place your briefcase (or your bag of snakes) on the seat beside you.
I also have to tell them what I plan to accomplish for them so that I can keep receiving my employment.
In Bedford-Stuyvesant yesterday, people carried newspapers with Mr. Arthur's picture, recounting when they had last seen him.
IN 1995, desperate for extra money, Dr. Israel Levavi, a Los Angeles internist, went to work for a brief period at a weight loss clinic that was run by a chiropractor and overseen by an infectious disease specialist.
That is precisely what he values most highly in the medium.
''The last thing I remembered about the area was gangs,'' he said.
Officer Volpe's neighbors had trouble digesting the news that he was under investigation for such a barbaric act.
On my way to catch a bus to the Clarion, my host at the B & B passed by in her car and gave me a lift, dropping me off near the 178-foot Washington Monument, a column with the first President clad as Cincinnatus.
Unlike restricting illegal immigration, which had bipartisan support, the campaign to cut legal immigration faced stiff resistance from an unusual alliance of high-technology companies, grass-roots immigration groups and civil-liberties organizations.
''The Invasion of the Killer Clams''?.
Well, if you want the four-one-one on all the latest slang, you gotta read this book.
The document was intended only for circulation among senior Chinese officials but was smuggled out of the country after the Tiananmen Square demonstrations of 1989.
In the territory served by Boston Edison, which includes Boston and about 40 surrounding towns, rates will fall by 15 percent since the proceeds from the sale of the plants will be used to provide an additional 5 percent rate cut.
So you invented it but did not collect any of the huge funds that have subsequently flowed in?
The expansion Diamondbacks, who traded 6 of the 35 players they drafted, added third baseman Travis Fryman and center fielder Devon White to the roster, which began with the signing of shortstop Jay Bell on Monday.
Seven months after Mr. McDowell's arrest, Detective Giorgio even arrested a man suspected of being his accomplice.
Most of the development cost of Thymitaq is borne by Agouron's corporate partner on the drug, Roche, but the companies will share profits equally.
In 1991, the California State Supreme Court upheld the measure and ruled that its lifetime ban was constitutional.
It is served with a choice of toppings, like roast pork ($6.50) and crab meat in tomato sauce ($11.50).
Who else might wear the pale green one-button trapeze pants suit or the fuchsia tent blouse?
I am unaware of one.''
said that an allegedly fraudulent time-share operation doing business as Gold Crown Express and Worldwide Vacation Services most recently operated out of North Myrtle Beach, S.C.
No matter; we couldn't have gone out the door without it.
Mr. Cosby's wife of 33 years, Camille, issued a statement yesterday saying that his affair many years ago was ''not important'' to her now and that they are ''a united couple.''
The statement also said the team president, Carmen Policy, would become a minority owner of the team and replace Mr. DeBartolo as the team's representative to the National Football League.
Images of the burning Hindenburg are called to mind whenever critics assail proposals for using hydrogen fuel in automobiles.
He wanted to be like Mike, and some scouts believed he could be.
It was meant to inhabit a world between DKNY and the Donna Karan designer collection by being less mass-oriented than DKNY and less rarefied than Donna Karan.
Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani's re-election campaign has been suspended from the city program that gives candidates public funds after regulators accused the campaign of accepting a total of more than $300,000 in illegal contributions.
Both Senators told constituents during the Congressional recess this week that they were undecided about how to vote.
Mr. Babbitt testified that he was never involved in discussions about the casino.
Like many of his colleagues, he spent long years in Israeli jails as a member of Mr. Arafat's outlawed Fatah faction, but emerged to become a member of the Palestinian delegation to the Middle East peace conference in Madrid in 1991.
At the same time, he was developing advanced formal ideas.
Az Hakim returned a kickoff 85 yards for a touchdown and caught scoring passes of 40 and 47 yards.
Notably, the smoke from Indonesia's fires has mainly been drifting northward, so the main island of Java has been less affected.
''Once you've seen a show, you presumably know the story and you ital almost ital recall the ending,'' she says.
For many, that meant they could walk, or walk without shuffling; the implications for reduced falls are obvious.
If there was ever a convincing case for keeping everything about the intelligence budget secret, it ended with the disintegration of the Soviet Union.
Bon, 1-2-11 Ryusen, Taito-ku, Tokyo; 03-3872-0375.
''Ultimately, that's where we parted ways.
''It wasn't a particularly passionate speech,'' he recalled.
Then he found high adventure and a more lucrative calling by carrying out safecracking jobs from Edinburgh to London's West End with explosives he and his accomplices stole from mines and quarries in Wales.
was obvious: ''I think their endorsement will be a very good boost to our business,'' he said.
''It moves the ball forward,'' said Jon Ash, managing director of Global Aviation Associates, a consulting firm in Washington.
But some Communist Party officials said today that the presence of Mr. Zhao, the former Communist Party chief and heir apparent until he was purged by Mr. Deng in 1989, would create a distraction that the party's leaders could not tolerate.
But now, people can find out where their money goes in greater detail than ever before.
Delta, for example, wants to increase its service to Russia by routing Moscow-bound passengers through Vienna on Austrian Airlines, with which it has a code-sharing agreement.
They want to take Kim, 24, to the performance because they consider the Gallaudet dancers worth seeing regardless of their deafness.
and ''I hate niggers'' on the bare chests of two white undergraduates and dropped them off at a nearby black college.
''Fund-raising is based on personal connections and tapping into certain circuits,'' said Len Conway, a vice president of the Westhampton Beach Performing Arts Center.
And Mr. Frondo mashes his potatoes not with onion and garlic, but with more unusual ingredients like wasabi mustard.
''Somebody once said I was a primitive,'' he said.
BELL-James Milton, M.D., L.F.A.P.A., F.A.C.P., Col. USA (Ret.
In a large pink granite portrait statue in the show she wears the accouterments of a male king -- a false beard, a short kilt -- but an inscription refers to her as the daughter of the sun god.
The brainchild of Alvin Mitchell, a condo developer, the project came about after his plans fell through for a new residential condo development in the city's scenic north.
A World War II veteran, US Army Air Force, who strived to live with love and care.
''Everyone here was talking about what was happening elsewhere.''
They were very fit, attractive Andalusians with short backs and strong legs.
No one will be my entourage.
While the rise in the funds rate had largely been expected, the hawkish tone of the Fed's announcement had not.
Mr. Ozawa's comments came after an extraordinary year in which five prominent musicians and faculty administrators, including the artistic director, Leon Fleisher, and the faculty chairman, Gilbert Kalish, resigned from the program.
16 2 *THE GRILLING SEASON, by Diane Mott Davidson.
Adrian Noble, artistic chief of the Royal Shakespeare Company, called Mr. Billington a fine critic but not a very good director.
Administration officials and people who had been briefed described the plan's outlines, but cautioned that important elements had still not been decided by Mr. Clinton.
He has commissions from the Metropolitan Opera and the New York Philharmonic.
''That's him,'' she says to her husband, who murders the man.
Sarunas Jasikevicius also had 21.
That night, our first meal in Dominica was an all-you-can-eat affair featuring grilled chicken and tuna in the Papillote restaurant.
The nation's largest advertiser, the General Motors Corporation, has teamed up with Sony in a novel effort to gently advertise cars to moviegoers in Southfield, a suburb of Detroit.
Tips are a rarity, he says.
A game lodge guide may earn $150 a month plus room and board, a quarter of what a bank job would pay.
Still, the GS combines outstanding sports-car performance with luxury sedan comfort and practicality at a competitive price.
The basic allegation was evidently that Mr. Netanyahu appointed an Attorney General last January under pressure from a key member of his coalition who hoped in return to secure a plea bargain in a corruption trial.
A tireless drumbeater for Campbell, the peripatetic, Australian-born Mr. Johnson ''was an incredible leader and spokesman for the company, very outspoken and high profile,'' Ms. Ghez said, adding, ''He's a hard act to follow.''
That bullishness is echoed, cautiously, by bank officials.
''But I don't think you can in this day and age.''
Miss Clinton has been to New York at least twice since her father became President.
The men were taken to the sheriff's department, but were released after declining to comment, Mr. Schwartz said.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Juvenile Diabetes Foundation.
Immunization with the hepatitis A vaccine is needed to provide long-term protection.
''It is gratifying,'' Mr. Mansfield said, ''to see that a large segment of the media, including The San Jose Mercury News itself, has taken a serious and objective look at how this story was constructed and reported.''
Nielsen's system, which was built in stages from the 1950's through the 1990's, has long had difficulty hewing to its own requirements for accurate statistical sampling.
Ms. Evans was buying the crabs to take them her sister, Vicki, who had recently moved to Boston and missed Mr. Johnson's fare.
Chilled Moroccan Carrot Soup Total time: 30 minutes, plus chilling 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil 1/2 cup chopped onion 1 tablespoon ground cumin 1 teaspoon paprika 1 pound carrots, peeled and cut in small chunks Juice of 1 lemon Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste Cilantro sprigs for garnish.
Not only is the show's format unusual -- no game show has ever docked a host's pay for poor performance -- it is one of the raciest since ''The Newlywed Game.''
Turn the heat down to 350 degrees and continue to bake for 30 to 40 more minutes, until filling has set.
We had left the macadam miles back to lurch along a deeply rutted back road made almost impassable by recent storms.
At 184 State Street in downtown Brooklyn, a law student who rented a studio apartment in 1994 for $625 a month ''used the court system as a bank -- for free credit,'' Mr. Rosenberg said, suggesting that the court system forced the owner to advance housing cost-free and try to collect later.
This was primarily a New York City-Westchester County crowd.
Finally, at a meeting held in Hartford in 1650, Dutch officials agreed to forfeit their claim to Connecticut.
* NETCOM ON-LINE COMMUNICATION SERVICES INC., San Jose, Calif., named Dan Yost to the newly created posts of president and chief operating officer.
For a while after World War II, cereals made from seaweed meal were popular in Ireland.
Saturday at 10 P.M. Tickets: $10.
Arriving at Florida State a year ago, he finished second in the A.C.C.
''Things are a little different here, but Coach Van Gundy has a good philosophy of how to play him.
Mr. Camp retired after 20 years with the Sanitation Department and works two bartending jobs to make ends meet.
Daphne Glorian, the owner of Clos Erasmus, a vineyard in Gratallopf, Catalonia, Spain, was married on Friday to Eric Solomon, the owner of Eric Solomon/European Cellars, a specialty wine importing company in New York.
''I think I can still beat any heavyweight.
''He enjoyed playing and he was good at it,'' Robinson wrote in ''I Never Had It Made,'' his 1972 autobiography, ''but he was exposed to cruel experiences, not so much by the youngsters as by their parents.''
Mr. Singer did not return calls.
Featuring stories about Indian tribes told by museum staff members.
She managed to get through the tough, initial period with some help from two part-time Selectmen, both Republicans.
''Such programs must serve a compelling governmental interest and must be narrowly tailored to serve that interest,'' Mr. Lee said.
His delegation promised Mr. Kabila help for his ravaged country, and one factor that contributed to the outcome of the meeting was an offer from the American team, which included a C.I.A.
Directed by Peter Cattaneo (R, 90 minutes).
In 1990, the family pledged $15 million to Lincoln Center to help build the 29-story Samuel B. and David Rose building, named in honor of Mr. Rose's father and uncle and the home of the Film Society of Lincoln Center, the New York Philharmonic archive, the Chamber Music Society, and Lincoln Center Inc., the administrative body of the center itself.
But even to do so, in those circumstances, was wrong.''
''It's the end of civilization as we know it!''
''He was so disillusioned,'' Mami said.
June 12-22: ''Fiddler on the Roof.''
It is pure rice sake, junmai, and may be produced in the industrial fashion or by traditional methods, honjozo.
''The issue at trial is not what Tyson did,'' Mr. Wells said, ''but rather what Mike Espy intended and understood.
The only good thing about being here is the big comfortable chairs we get to sit in.''
Beloved sister of Norman and Norma Caplan.
These days, the block is dotted with fast-food restaurants, a check-cashing store and colorful signs and awnings that advertise everything from shoes to girdles.
But on the tee of the 410-yard first hole in yesterday's first round at Augusta National, his game clicked out.
But her 30 percent income-tax cut, which we opposed, has damaged the state's fiscal health because it was largely financed by a raid on the state pension systems.
let things make you TOUGH like me.''
Cherished brother of Dorothy Nowak and Alvin Berkman.
I've always left my decorations up a long time, but then three years ago I just didn't have time to take them down.
His trainer, Gary Capuano, agreed that the Captain was rehearsing at full speed, and said: ''He ran the half-mile one day in 46 1/5 at Bowie before we came over to Churchill.
That's how Federal prosecutors described what they said was a carefully choreographed criminal operation in which three Brooklyn auto body shops are accused of stealing $450,000 by stripping down stolen cars and then installing the parts taken in the same cars.
Reaching beyond the value of names and the importance of being encouraged, supported and connected, Ms. LeRoy said, ''It's a hard thing.
Basic services, even water and sanitation, have all but collapsed.
A plan by the Republicans to derail sampling earlier this year was put aside because it was stalling emergency flood relief for Midwestern states.
Said Glavine: ''The fact they beat us, I'm sure, gives them confidence coming in here.
And while an earlier ruling by Justice Hickman had left unclear whether Ms. Brawley could testify, the new ruling stated specifically that she could be called.
said it had killed 96 Government troops.
As an amateur, he remembered his coach, Carter Morgan, telling people, ''This will be the best man out of the South, not John Tate,'' and telling him, ''Everybody might be bigger and stronger, but no one has an advantage over you,'' then tapping his chest.
It can be doubled or tripled to serve a crowd, or reduced for a cozy twosome.
Two are New York City laws that would not be affected if the state allowed its laws to expire.
Third baseman Naehring was placed on the 15-day disabled list because of strained ligaments to his right elbow after making an off-balance throw June 23.
''We're not looking to just bring in yuppies,'' said Jim DeLaune, the city's economic development director.
Ms. Bussell could bring out the tilted leg extensions as Ms. Yoshida could not, but the latter was lyrical while Ms. Bussell was more passionate.
'' What Johnson accomplished this season -- 1,120 yards on 300 carries -- has been nothing short of amazing.
Although many local residents suspect that the heavy output of chicken manure is somehow implicated in the fish disease outbreaks, they are often gentle in their criticism of their neighboring farmers.
Under the Senate's rules, other members of the committee can theoretically circumvent the chairman's objections, but that is considered highly unlikely.
Ideally, the funds Mr. Lim seeks would be used to make short-term loans to South Korean banks to repay depositors and lenders and avert a series of bank runs and defaults.
*For ''less hazardous tobacco products,'' F.D.A.
Finally, we packed a dozen cartons and drove the papers home.
Jacor declined to disclose the length of the rights.
Mr. Clinton has since stated that he opposes an amendment, arguing instead for balancing the budget by 2002.
Players who do well in their rookie seasons typically have great instincts for the game, have advanced knowledge of offenses and defenses and are physically gifted athletes.
Smith poked the ball away from Hardaway at half court, picked up the loose ball and layed it in to put the Hawks ahead for good, 93-92.
Holly Dailey of Harwinton would not agree.
I like to think of 'em as customers.''
It will not release its first live-action feature film until next fall, when ''The Peacemaker,'' a thriller, reaches theaters in September.
Running backs and offensive linemen just bounce off him.
I don't even qualify that as an affair.''
and besting 14 other teen-agers.
The study found that over all, Mr. Giuliani has relied heavily on corporations for his fund-raising, collecting $3.2 million from them.
He went to the Library of Congress in 1989.
But he also argued it was imperative that NATO forge a NATO-Russia charter that will provide a framework for involving Russia in some NATO decision-making and therefore calm Moscow's concerns.
''But they do seem out of place.''
''I was worried about me getting busted, as in me,'' he said.
We extend our deepest sympathy to his wife, Diane, and to his son, Jason, as well as to the rest of his family.
Specifically, he says, the use of rubber bullets and the many other signs of Israeli self-examination are the products of an escape from the ''master narrative of the nation.''
''I just don't think it will work,'' he said.
''It immediately reduces my restlessness and nervousness,'' she said.
Mr. Gibaud said about 1,100 jobs were created last year, mostly in telemarketing, and he predicted that an additional 1,100 jobs would materialize the next two years.
''Before we played Green Bay, there was talk of us going 0-16,'' Infante told reporters last week.
Though the President had set the stage for the privatization with weeks of commercials aimed at gathering popular support for selling off the company, valued at $10 billion, the opposition he met signaled an increasingly difficult battle over privatization.
Nypa, he said, has installed one-third of the replacement phones for which it has received requests.
Another resident and a firefighter were treated at the scene for smoke inhalation and a second firefighter was taken to Jacobi Medical Center with minor injuries.
They had an influx of new people, and the schools were bursting at the seams in terms of classroom size.
''Malcontent, troublemaker,'' would have been as accurate.
Is he concerned about the Smith-to-Toronto rumors?
''I know my mom would have been at the game.
Would any programmer, even the most self-hating, write code that instructed a computer -- or permitted the computer to instruct itself -- to note when the words ''malfunctioning'' and ''disconnecting'' occur in the same conversation, and then to kill the nearest human being?
''Imagine if they banned bald heads.''
While there has been some improvement, like the arrival of a Starbucks coffee house and a six-screen Cineplex Odeon theater, the downtown is hardly the thriving community that officials had anticipated.
Residents of Hamlet at Wind Watch will be eligible for a social membership in the clubhouse complex on a hill overlooking the golf course.
He added that he had heard birds in the space above his apartment, leading him to believe there were holes big enough for them to enter the cockloft.
An evening devoted to Mr. Herman's show tunes is nothing new.
Without limitations imposed by the Commerce Clause, these inconsistent regulatory schemes could paralyze the development of the Internet altogether.''
Condo and Villa Authority, 305 North Pontiac Trail, Walled Lake, Mich. 48390; (810) 669-7500, (800) 831-5512; fax (810) 669-7506.
He added: ''Robin's able to move from big comedies to interesting roles in smaller films that tap into other sides of his talent.
It would weigh you down and give you a neck ache.''
''There's not a more definitive diagnosis,'' Phillips said, after speaking with Dr. John Olichney, the team internist.
Several other ministry officials received less stern warnings.
Mr. Rubenstein said he did not know the amount of the hospital bill.
The Clinton-haters' most lurid hyperbole may have tainted genuine stories to the point where the public lumps them all together as shrill partisan sniping and tunes them out.
None of the Democratic events is open to the press; Inaugural affairs like these are attended by politicians and monied donors as a sort of thank-you.
Mr. Rabin also stripped almost all settlements of special economic status as development areas, which gave settlers various economic benefits including subsidies for housing and education.
The future of the Tony Awards show as a network special is still in some doubt because the existing deal with CBS concluded with this year's show.
At the same time, I've tried to be aware of the commercial viability of things.''
As the situation unfolded, the school staff was so discreet that some students were apparently oblivious to the drama playing out around them.
not only because it is a bad and outdated theory, but principally because Freud was untrustworthy, demented, mendacious.''
Besides the direct costs, companies that lose or settle discrimination cases often have to revamp their hiring, pay, job assignment and promotion practices, usually under years of outside supervision.
The value of the merger was not disclosed, but the two companies have a combined market value of $180 million.
The warm quesadilla is stuffed with a thin layer of smooth, velvety, garlic-laden filling and enhanced by its accompanying avocado, salsa, cheddar cheese and sour cream.
Many university administrators credit U.S. News with being careful, diligent and flexible enough to make its rankings as fair as possible.
''We hit it off, but over the years we have become good friends,'' Mr. Moll said.
During a news conference at the Saints' practice facility today, Ditka was read Brown's comments.
Mr. Price, 43, is accused of violating Mr. Rosenbaum's rights by inciting the attack on him: first by allegedly exhorting the crowd at the car-accident scene to retaliate against Hasidim, and then, about 15 minutes later and five blocks from the accident scene, by allegedly directing a group of people to attack Mr. Rosenbaum there.
Nan-Chang Chien's ''158,'' perhaps a little foursquare in its forward progress, did have the most telling combination of Asian instruments; the mesh of different-size cymbals had a wonderful snarling indeterminacy of pitch.
still offers a strong network of 37,000 doctors, many of them from the region's best teaching hospitals.
After months of searching, the library discovered eight of the compositions, all copyrighted by Armstrong.
''Now the floor moves again, and they are being told they can't even apply for suspension of deportation, which once more makes them victims of poorly applied immigration laws.''
If changes already under way do not meet the 2003 goals, most of the burden of reducing emissions will fall on the utilities.
''We need to play 0-0 as long as we can.
Some mortar rounds landed in the center of the city, and small-arms fire could be heard, but there was no clear indication who was firing at whom.
Begin with a plate of fried calamari matched with aioli sauce; steamed mussels in charmoula broth with linguica sausage; or one of the crusty wood-oven pizzas topped with caramelized onions and fresh goat cheese.
For those to have any marketable value, she added, they had to be registered with the S.E.C.
He did not find his groove in time to make a difference.
''This is a rehearsal space.
Yesterday, issues of networking stocks, which have been among the hardest hit this year, were beaten down again.
''I never really felt like it was an emotional thing, like I was down and really needed to have things go my way.
''It is an election year and the environment is an apple pie issue,'' said David P. Rebovic, a political science professor at Rider University.
The former manager was always the Dodger most likely to be hung in effigy here, but now that he is retired, the torch has been passed.
In ''The Castration of Oedipus: Feminism, Psychoanalysis and the Will to Power'' (New York University, 1996), J. C. Smith and Carla Ferstman argue that Oedipus' relentless pursuit of answers to life's riddles is typically male.
She plunged into the crowds as she strolled up Chestnut Street to a rally in this small town in Union County, dominated by crucial swing voters who do not consider themselves Republicans or Democrats.
The judge dismissed similar claims by the state in 1995.
In another song from ''Jubilee,'' a love-starved princess talks herself into having a crazy fling with a Noel Coward-like playwright.
Lou Piniella saw it in his morning newspaper and said, ''They can have a cheeseburger before they pitch.''
In a 1941 settlement, the society and the Government agreed to a set of fairness standards.
Leyland lashed out at those perceptions last week.
Wednesday, 7 to 9:30 P.M. Peter Ecklund, trumpeter, with Marty Grosz, guitarist and singer.
We don't run the docks for profit, but we make sure they pay for themselves.''
He said that, during the first I.R.A.
In ''Airplane Sighting,'' a pencil drawing unrelieved by color, two men and a barking dog run to keep up with a passing plane seen hanging in the air like a cross turned sideways.
While these plans promise a local economic boost, they also conflict with the plans of another local constituency: youngsters who use the lots for baseball leagues.
TRAUM-Maxine R. October 12, 1997.
The winner could keep its postmark, and Granville plans on keeping its name on the water tower if it wins.
Rep. Timothy J. Roemer, Democrat of Indiana, and his wife, Sally.
Despite the network advertisements in which they are celebrated, the stars do not make the serious decisions.
Before Nagy tossed seven and one-third scoreless innings against the Orioles in that game, which the Indians won, 1-0, in 11 innings to march into the World Series, he had a 6.35 earned run average in the A.L.C.S.
I think it's an ego-based concept, that the world is thinking about you.
A prolific author and friend and mentor to many.
Seoul's notorious traffic jams have eased a bit as people take mass transit.
The basket of assorted breads alone qualifies as an appetizer; among the official ones are a sublime Napoleon of sweet plantains with Cuban braised pork and chimichurri sauce ($10).
It was a charred book, extolling the beauty of Scandinavia.
Clients include the Conde Nast Publications unit of Advance Publications, the Meredith Corporation and the United States Postal Service.
The Dow Jones industrial average plunged almost 270 points on Friday, before recovering some lost ground and closing at 7,756.29, down 90.21 points for the day, on extremely heavy volume.
Like other communities, Paterson has also started a civilian police academy for residents to learn about police procedures and problems.
But commitments from the parties in the region are not worth much unless the enforcing powers are prepared to use force if necessary.
In the past two seasons, the Yankees have always seemed to have the other team not only outmanned but also surrounded, even when Manager Joe Torre is down two or three players, as he was during the internal exiles of the now departed Mariano Duncan and Mark Whiten.
They are throwing players who are either big-ticket items, or on the verge of becoming that, on the market, hoping to get, in return, unpolished gems who will make them look smart down the road.
Many distilleries were shut and vineyards cut down.
The Bulls, who shot 33 percent Thursday, hit at a 53 percent clip against Sacramento.
Workers are devising retaliatory measures.
Billings were estimated at $25 million.
Grant ordered all overhead wires buried, had become darkened by a thick web of airborne telephone and telegraph conduits.
On United States airlines' domestic flights over two years in the late 80's, there were 2,322 in-flight emergencies, or about three a day.
I prefer to stay out there.
Virgilio Barco, an American-educated former President of Colombia whose dream of combatting rampant poverty with land reform and other ambitious social measures was sidetracked by an American-backed civil war with powerful drug barons, died Tuesday at a hospital in Bogota.
KAPLAN-Myron, 84, of Boca Raton, Florida on June 15.
''I was the nerd, skinny guy as a kid,'' he said.
was the source of the assistance, although there must have been suspicions.
Power is in the air.
But first ''The Sweet Hereafter,'' which will be shown at the New York Film Festival as its centerpiece selection at 8:45 P.M. tomorrow and 4:30 Sunday, must delve into this community's deep pain.
''This is supposed to be the summer doldrums, but everyone is playing the game,'' said Mr. Wachtel at Prudential.
That should give the Senate pause as it takes up the issue shortly.
But this one you'll notice: it's haunting, and can touch you the way the sight of a dismal figure on the street can unexpectedly pierce your armor of indifference to beggars.
CHRIS COLLINS Atlanta, June 27, 1997
I think boys do read them, but if I had to venture a guess I would say it's 60 to 40 for girls.''
Mr. Ceppos and other editors involved in the series have since refused to be interviewed.
The eldest child, a 12-year-old, called 911 to report the shootings, which occurred at 2:20 A.M. at the couple's apartment at 4723 Church Avenue, the police said.
''Perhaps one of the problems that the royal family face is that there are expectations on them that they may not necessarily be the best placed to meet.''
When a Davey Johnson or a Lou Piniella is named as a team's manager, he doesn't have to establish his credibility.
The eye-for-an-eye ethos of Oz is aided by corrupt guards.
Jim Skipper, a former Cardinals assistant, will be the offensive coordinator and running backs coach.
This store, a direct outlet for National Tree Company, is open from Oct. 1 to Jan. 1; its hours are Mondays through Fridays, 9:30 A.M. to 9 P.M.; Saturdays, 9:30 A.M. to 6 P.M.; Sundays, 10 A.M. to 6 P.M. MICHAEL'S TREE AND TRIM COMPANY -- 297 Palisade Avenue, Cliffside Park.
So busy are some birding sites in Cape May County that the observatory is holding some of its 400 yearly field trips in Cumberland and Salem Counties.
Regions, Alabama's second-largest bank in terms of assets, said it would acquire Palfed, based in Aiken, S.C., for $27.375 a share, or a total of $144.5 million, based on Monday's close.
And Republicans in the House, still smarting from Democratic attacks last year on their proposals to slow the growth in Medicare, proved deeply suspicious that Democrats would similarly attack them for cutting Social Security benefits.
Kevin Nannery's guilty plea to charges of violating civil rights and perjury.
But in southern France, near Marseille, truckers were still blocking traffic this evening, the police said.
The three-year contracts of nearly all 32 local school superintendents expire at the end of June, and until the Justice Department issues its ruling, the old law remains in force, meaning local school boards would retain their hiring power.
Barbecued free-range chicken ($14) is also a winner, as are side dishes of sauteed broccoli rape and sweet corn, grilled on the cob.
Mr. Seay said the Transit Authority anticipates that after the usual jump in ridership when the summer ends, the schedule will be adjusted again.
These Immortal Lines Suggest a Little Lust SOME Goethe scholars -- even those who don't agree with all the theories developed in the newly published ''Caresses of the Tiger: an Erotic Goethe Biography,'' by Karl Hugo Pruys -- have detected a powerful homoerotic subcurrent in the following lines near the end of the drama ''Faust.''
By the time she came back to skiing a year later, in 1990, she was hungry for competition.
Wife of the late Dr. George Sheehan.
Unlike the other four funds on the list, Torray owns recognizable stocks like AT&T, Philip Morris, Kimberly Clark and Citicorp.
After turning 26 on Wednesday, Kwiatkowski is still hoping for the big payoff -- a berth in the Winter Games.
So when Captain Bodgit was acquired by the Team Valor syndicate in February and it was decided to replace his previous rider, the inexperienced Frank Douglas, it was Solis who was chosen.
The plan would rely on tax credits and research subsidies to spur conservation of energy in the next few years and would give American companies extra credit for moving more quickly than required to cut emissions.
Wolf society has many parallels with the human kind, and holds a natural fascination for youngsters interested in learning how animals get along with one another and with people.
It's not exactly the stuff that tragedies are made of.
The room was full of Don Nelson castoffs and critics, each either feeling shipped off or pushed away by him at one time or another, and each of them was an All-Star.
Mr. Spano promised a 15 percent cut in the county's share of property taxes through attrition of county employees and efficient technology, a pledge no government professionals took very seriously.
It was to have been a grand swath of trees and songbirds and beachfront promenades, a ribbon of green on the gray, dreary southwestern fringe of Brooklyn.
We are just an easy-going group.''
(The Canadian Broadcasting Company records all the performances, and Mr. Levasseur's record label, Victo, releases about eight disks of this music each year, thereby strengthening Victoriaville's significance as an imprimatur.)
Rebecca Shulman, who devoted a lifetime to Jewish and Israeli causes, most of all through Hadassah, the Women's Zionist Organization of America, died on Sunday at her home on the Upper West Side of Manhattan.
Asked why she surrounded herself with them, she replied that former apartheid leaders also murdered children.
Saks Fifth Avenue has wood-and-silver bangles by Dominique Aurientis ($200).
In a televised interview on CNN last week, Ms. Messinger praised Mr. Giuliani's response to the incident, saying it had been ''right on target,'' and cautioned against allowing politics to enter the inquiry.
''Joe first came into contact with Mr. Huang through a longtime friend who introduced them at an event,'' Mr. O'Connor said.
In their view, neither heeded warnings about the Rwandan genocide or did anything to stop it.
For Mr. Myers, dealing with the industry is dancing with the devil.
''We lost a few of our friends at the beginning of my career because they thought it was stupid for me to record in English and they didn't believe in it,'' she said.
In the 1980's, a time when opulence was in season, Adnan Khashoggi, the Saudi arms merchant, installed Wagner bathroom fixtures on his yacht.
Fraschilla and his coaching counterparts shared the Garden floor with show dogs from the Westminster Kennel Club and children attending a ''Sesame Street'' production.
The surplus was 1.016 trillion yen ($8.99 billion) in April.
She was the one who kept us -- my two sisters and me -- from starving.
What happens around the bar, however, is a lot harder to swallow.
They press a button to be heard, which can be a challenge during music lessons.
A No-Hitter for Ordonez Shortstop Rey Ordonez is mired in a slump, his last hit having been a sixth-inning double on Sept. 3 against Toronto.
In addition, the state is completing the widening of the intersection of Route 46 and North Beverwyck Road in front of the site, which was a community concern in the first project.
He said it wouldn't make much difference because on such a hot day, my shoes would dry out quickly.''
Key selections like ''The Banjo Player,'' ''Farmer's Nooning'' and ''Dance of the Haymakers'' demonstrate Mount's efforts to build great pictorial statements, on a level with the Old Masters, but using the rural life of his surroundings as subject matter.
Divorce cases will completely overwhelm the system.''
''It's a step in the right direction.''
Brooks Brothers had been an unhip haberdashery for so long that even in the 1950 musical ''Guys and Dolls,'' Sky Masterson dismissed the ideal man of his love interest as ''a Scarsdale Galahad, a breakfast-eating, Brooks Brothers type.''
She spoke little English when she joined the Marriott staff at $4.25 an hour 15 years ago, having gleaned a few phrases from watching cartoons on television.
''I never even heard of the other guy before.
Reposing Sinatra Funeral Home, 601 Yonkers Ave, Yonkers, N.Y. Tuesday and Wednesday 2 to 4 and 7 to 9PM.
''It's a strange idea,'' Ms. Wisse said recently from Cambridge.
When reporters inquired about the 23 employees of the D.N.C.
The attack, which took place on June 10, 1992, killed Sgt.
Sometimes you never get it.''
Oddly enough, the doctors who got the most calls were among the least likely to say they deserved to be paid for them.
Who is supplying them remains a mystery, though it appears some of the money for the weapons has come from confiscated coffee and gold, Goma businessmen say.
Steve Young has tender ribs and could be limited.
It is the most striking example of the city's demanding better services from the private medical centers that staff its public hospitals.
Mr. Tuttle said Cyber Freeway, which has attracted ''a few thousand customers'' since opening in December, would begin charging new subscribers a one-time $29.95 fee once the service attracts 20,000 users.
Beloved wife of the late James.
''You don't have to anesthetize a pea pod.''
But isn't it true that many doctors don't want to report people to the D.M.V.?
And Mr. Kricfalusi's is not exactly an original business plan.
FREEHOLD SUMMER CONCERT SERIES Through Aug. 21.
Forty percent of the university's construction program was financed through borrowing.
Long criticized for harboring Nazi war criminals, Argentina is now winning praise from some Jewish groups for its efforts to track down Nazis who came here after World War II and to locate stolen assets they may have brought with them.
''We've realized it's a big, big challenge, so we're going to go at it slowly because we want to do it correctly.
Crawfish, freshwater crustaceans that are used in jambalaya, etouffee and all manner of other Creole dishes, used to come almost exclusively from Louisiana.
She will read from her work ''Landlady From Bangkok.''
The outcome will be critical to global economic growth in the next century -- and to the political consolidation of the independent states of the former Soviet Union, relations between Russia and the West and the role of Iran in the region's economy.
It is probably homemade and is at least 60 years old, said Honey Wolters, an owner of Ruby Beets, where the price is $100.
Because of the efforts of Mr. Serpico and many others, the department is far less corrupt than it was in the early 70's.
Information for the Philharmonic concerts: (212) 721-6500.
Mr. Ekeus said that lingering questions about chemical weapons stocks remain.
The Jewish residents of Jadowia were rounded up by the Nazis and carted away to the death camps, as were three million other Polish Jews.
''The board's position,'' said Randi Weingarten, executive assistant to Ms. Feldman, ''is that they were not going to allow people to retire when they want to.''
But Dr. Kessler and others do envision a day when the agency might take full advantage of the power Judge Osteen bestowed upon it, particularly as scientists discover ways to reduce nicotine levels without harming current smokers.
Under the new format, a horse's name would be randomly selected and the trainer or owner would pick their own post position from those remaining.
When I came here 28 years ago, it was 85 percent full-timers and 15 percent part-timers.
Francesco Rutelli, Rome's Mayor, said 1990 World Cup organizers were part of an old regime that was caught in a widespread public works scandal from which Italy is trying to emerge.
Mr. Berks says he did it that way because the man had lousy teeth.
Just two years ago, the state received 74 grants totaling almost $3 million two years ago, according to the endowment.
Another twist unseals an opening in the top cover with the filled chamber in order to empty the pre-measured spice.
A very tall, gentle-looking man with a dreamy smile that some attributed to his bouts of mental illness, Mr. Green had a big, shambling frame, large feet and a deceptive look of stiffness.
Some also came from growing fears that the industry, in order to get a final deal, will have to take a much deeper hit than it initially negotiated.
He said his babies and a tonic from the bark of pine trees that grow in the south of France are what invigorate him.
She had to play a tambourine in one number, wave an Italian flag in another.
''It proved to be a small but important step toward a responsible press,'' Mr. Sears writes.
Your loss is my loss.''
''They have done it under pressures that have been difficult.
A day after the commando raid, Mr. Fujimori returned to the house with Government cameras rolling and was photographed near the headless, armless body of a dead rebel.
Other indexes are also rewriting the record books.
3 Columbia/HCA Officials Are Indicted in Inquiry A Federal grand jury has indicted three executives responsible for obtaining reimbursement from the Government for hospitals owned by Columbia/HCA Healthcare.
So you're bringing that back to challenge the present company?
Soon all three were in custody and, according to the police official, they have implicated one another.
President Clinton has never been considered particularly close to labor.
The field hockey team presented football players with a card of encouragement and placed black tape, their version of an armband, over their socks during a recent match.
President Clinton plans to try to win support for the first truly national performance tests in schools, and Congressional Republicans will try to stop him.
I belong in this courtroom,' '' Mr. Klausner said.
He was a young man then.
''Because you know it could have looked like starting Dave was the mandate for me being hired.
Pace of Home Resales Slows Sales of existing homes fell slightly in November, snapping a string of three months in which sales rose to records, the National Association of Realtors said in a monthly report.
He refused to vote, and many others apparently did the same.
''I was looking for neighborhood first, and convenience to transportation,'' he said.
It may not be surprising that young architects who teach (in this case, at the Columbia architecture school) are intellectually daring.
One baseball executive said he was told today that Barr and McIlvaine, who confirmed the meeting with Wilpon, will be dismissed.
Only two of the 10 apartments sold.
''My contemporaries had mommy-and-me and the priceless feeling that there were endless possibilities available to their perfect bundles,'' Ms. Hoffman said.
The purchase of First Interstate was one of the few hostile takeovers in the banking industry.
This is particularly true for the Hubble Space Telescope, orbiting d Earth.
The dome helps create the illusion not only that some of the fantastic objects and creatures reach out into the audience but that they surround the viewer.
Yvette Green, who had not seen her half-sister for years, took the girl into her home after Ms. Simmons's death and petitioned to become her guardian.
Returning to Adelphi in 1973, he served first as acting business dean, then as dean of the Center for Banking and Money Management and finally as dean of special programs, a euphemism for persuading Adelphi alumni and others to be as generous as he was.
His cohorts here are Victor Vasarely and Nicholas Krushenick.
''Nixon,'' though, is music that adores enthusiasm, and this taste of the score, coming nearly 10 years after the premiere, sharpened the feeling that a full-scale production is overdue.
And as usual, they'll be turning up on the schedule again and again (but ''It's a Wonderful Life'' is now only on NBC).
Acting President Ruben Zackhiras of the Marshall Islands, which heads the economic forum, noted ''shock and dismay among forum countries'' and ''damage to Australia's standing in the forum community.''
On other markets, wheat prices rose and soybeans fell.
Sees February Sales Decline General Motors estimated that its sales dropped by 7 percent or 8 percent in February compared with the corresponding 1996 month, a result of slow introductions of a number of redesigned models.
''It can look okay on the surface but when you look deeper you find high staff turnover and untrained people.''
All of this is ''conveyed with passionate enthusiasm,'' Alvin M. Josephy Jr. said in the Book Review in 1996.
On Tuesday the company increased the size and the price range for the offering from 2.5 million shares at a range of $12 to $14, a sign of healthy demand.
The biggest surprise may be on Nantucket and Martha's Vineyard, where prices of summer rentals seem to have stayed pretty much the same as last year -- with a few notable exceptions at the top end.
Last year, the Flying Dutchmen lost their first-round match to Harvard, 15-12.
But with the dollar's recovery, a dollar fetched 114.81 yen in late trading today in New York.
Hicks, Muse plans to have Lin Television keep its name, its headquarters and its management.
Finally, Dr. Toaff reaches the uterus.
The menu says Bread and Beyond, but it takes some doing to get beyond the bread.
The several elements of the plan appear worthwhile as ways of subsidizing the increasingly outrageous costs of production.
Unfortunately, the ability of the United States to conduct such negotiations has been curtailed by Congress's failure to grant fast-track authority to President Clinton.
''At Augusta, it was like a driving range, bombs away on driving,'' Woods said.
By January, Swissair plans to have lotto, keno, and video slots in all 16 of its MD-11 planes and 5 of its Boeing 747's.
And all that will count tonight is that the team that is able to win one in a row will capture the 1997 World Series.
Minnesota exceeded its average of 14.3 turnovers a game by halftime.
Even if it had been sunny, there would have been no view at all from that small clearing ringed by trees.
''Anywhere from half to three-quarters of the closing of the gender gap was a result of men's real wages falling, so women's wages came closer.
The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, the financial services company, said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its insurance operations in Britain to the Canada Life Assurance Company of Toronto.
INTERIOR DESIGN TALK Murray Bartlett Douglas, senior vice president and third-generation member of the family-owned Manhattan firm of Brunschwig & Fils, will speak on ''Good Design Is Forever'' at the Bartow-Pell Mansion Museum in Pelham Bay Park, the Bronx, on Thursday at 10:30 A.M.
''HANA-BI'' (Japan), directed by Takeshi Kitano.
White Sox 14, Reds 6 Pinch-hitter Harold Baines had a three-run homer and Ray Durham followed with a solo shot in a pivotal fifth inning for visiting Chicago.
Certainly not mindless budget cutting.
While readers will probably quibble with some of the choices (why Vikram Seth but not V. S. Naipaul?
There is ''a tension between the two goals of safety and trade,'' said Mickey Kantor, President Clinton's first trade representative, who helped push global trade to the top of Mr. Clinton's agenda.
''He shouts and screams and jumps up and down.''
ARCO, which is based in Los Angeles, said it had a first-quarter profit of $483 million, or $2.95 a share, compared with $370 million, or $2.26 a share, a year earlier.
B7 Mets Swept in Series The Detroit Tigers hit three homers in a 9-7 victory over the Mets, completing a three-game sweep in which they outscored the Mets, 31-13.
Mothers are simply told they are H.I.V.
It was his most specific statement on the subject since becoming Governor, and placed him in the middle ground on the issue of repealing rent laws.
Devoted mother of Ina Lax, Richard Schoenfeld and Susan Carbone.
About 400 firefighters battled the flames on the ground.
asked Mayor Debbie Jaramillo of Santa Fe, a Hispanic Democrat who plans to challenge Mr. Redmond in next year's election.
The first person to earn that reward was a tall, graceful Bulgarian named Pavilina Stojanova, who beat Annie Kremer of Luxembourg, 6-2, 6-3.
Besides, Torre wants the 23-year-old prized prospect to play every day, so he is ticketed for Class AAA Columbus.
A letter from Norman Blankman on Nov. 23 states that the cost of the I.B.M.
'' The year before he won, Steve Lawrence came in second.
Walking for a few minutes along the shore, I found my eye constantly turning to the other shore, relishing its changing image, at one moment a near reflection, at another strikingly singular.
Pupunu, who can always be cut during training camp if he is unimpressive, becomes a no-risk gamble.
There are six in Manhattan and a handful more within a 50-mile radius: plywood or (if you're lucky) fiberglass walls, from 20 to 50 feet high, with movable hand holds that can be changed to create new routes.
Did the delays irritate Pettitte?
That freed senators from the risk of hearing the arguments voiced by the other side.
Robert Frowick, the United States diplomat who heads the Bosnia mission of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, estimated overall turnout could be as high as 70 percent.
Because it is the seller who pays these taxes, the new law could make it more likely that sellers as well as buyers will press their lawyers and lenders to work out an assignment.
Should one still get 90 percent of the purse for that?
The four-bedroom colonial will cost around $290,000.
He said the stronger enforcement by building inspectors was essential.
A Loan Becomes a Gift Seventy-three portraits of Georgia O'Keeffe taken by her husband, the photographer Alfred Stieglitz, have been given to the Metropolitan Museum of Art by the Georgia O'Keeffe Foundation and Jennifer and Joseph Duke, supporters of the museum.
''It keeps me more in the game,'' he said.
Can anything really justify yet another gratuitous reference to the Mayor's cross-dressing appearance on ''Saturday Night Live,'' or another description of his eye-popping and completely over-the-top sagging bosom?
He said he had 80 long-range missiles; the U.N. inspectors found more than 800.
Today, the suspect goes on trial in Trenton.
But if it's used properly it won't adversely affect the animal.''
France, it is said, is hard to reform, preferring upheaval to gradual change.
These would form the brick-by-brick foundation of law that ultimately would support his arguments in Brown v. Board of Education and replace the edifice of racial separation that had a cornerstone laid by the Supreme Court in the 1896 case of Plessy v. Ferguson.
Marcia Lippman's photographs of Lori Belilove and her Isadora Duncan group are as much about the dancing as the dancers.
Still, I don't think I'm being excessively old-fashioned in hoping for exhibitions that mitigate some of that fragmentation and haphazardness by offering a coherent perspective on contemporary practice in the arts.
Executives at Pontiac-GMC in Warren, Mich., did not return calls.
''Do you remember when you used the wet bag I was undressed and my pants were pulled to my ankles?''
They are minus-19 in the takeaway/giveaway differential for the season but plus-7 in their six victories.
The Tuesday gathering has become part of the 6-mile route that he has been taking daily for 10 years.
And while analysts were pleased with the announcement, most said the cuts were necessary but not at all sufficient.
The San Antonio police have ruled his death a suicide.
''She loved dance, but she could separate,'' said her mother.
This is how rest becomes the long and dreamless sleep.
Several sorts of bulb plantings survive for years and the only need for the coming season might be to add a few more bulbs.
Last year Dr. Sandy Macara, the medical association's president, compared the health service to the Titanic, and said it would need billions more pounds in Government financing to keep it from sinking.
A recent alternative, Redux, from Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories, alters brain chemicals to trick the body into feeling full.
Everything has been decorated in Cote d'Azur meets Ikea style, with bright Adirondack chairs, mattress-ticking striped couches, faux-Miros printed on cloth as bed headboards.
A: We actually made up hats that say ''Teshhead.''
His father, Hieu Van Nguyen, 57, has applied for admission to Briar Cliff in the fall.
Last month, Eric, now Dr. Freeman, a senior resident in orthopedic surgery, decided it was time to put it back in.
So here is another 100 rubles' bribe.''
The presence of Hamas is a card in the Authority's hand.
By October or November, Ms. McGrath said, MTV hopes to have at least one or two regular daily shows broadcasting live from the studio each day, with one probably in the late afternoon and the other perhaps at 10 each night.
The new House will have 227 Republicans, 207 Democrats and one independent.
He notes that constitutional framers like James Madison, anticipating such patterns, required ''secular rationality as a basis for communication,'' relegated religions to the private sphere and yet suffused the body politic with enough Judeo-Christian universalism to give it a moral mission.
''I had seen where there were conflicts between some of the single women I knew and their sons, how a man comes into their lives and begins to kind of take over, and there is resentment from the children,'' she said.
Wednesdays through Fridays, 10 A.M. to 4 P.M.; Saturdays and Sundays, 2 to 5 P.M. 705 Kinderkamack Road, Oradell.
Carefully ladle in the custard and bake until just set, about 40 minutes.
For the last two years, Mr. Stranger, 48, had been managing partner at Bozell Worldwide in Costa Mesa, Calif., a unit of Bozell, Jacobs, Kenyon & Eckhardt.
The Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and the Potomac Electric Company canceled their $3.8 billion purchase agreement because regulators asked for too much in rate cuts from them.
The panel of three judges said Virginia ''subordinated traditional districting principles, such as compactness, communities of interest, and respect for cities and counties, to accomplish its goal of a safe black district.''
Mr. Miele recalled that after he helped Mr. Young, a friend since the 1960's, to present an alternative to sewers at a co-op meeting around 1985, the general manager then, Joseph Stehn, and his assistant, Arty Lighthall, invited him and his brother to lunch.
Are the chronically hapless Jets really coming back?
WITH: Robert Jason Jackson (Son), Mike Hodge (Father), Andrea Frierson-Toney (Mother) and Brenda Pressley (Daughter).
''We believe the Court of Appeals will ultimately have to rule on this and that it will rule that the county acted improperly,'' said Carmine DiBattista, Region 3 president of the Civil Service Employees Association, which brought the lawsuit.
Heat tablespoon of oil in a large, nonstick skillet over medium-high heat.
Mr. Callaway, who is 61, took a cryptic overview that seemed to delight his regular, dollar-a-day customers, that convinced them he was a natural philosopher.
The Argosy Book Store stands indomitably, an oasis of calm and mustiness, amid the skyscrapers and bustle of 59th Street between Lexington and Park Avenues.
Miss Tebaldi, speaking in 1979, was particularly indignant: ''Those who have taken our place are victims of a form of recklessness that is very close to madness.
He tried newspaper work in Passaic, N.J., and a lucrative advertising job in Manhattan and hated both.
The development of large projects in New York City is almost always a tempestuous affair, a process that often moves from the boardroom to the drafting room to the courtroom.
''You really can't have a tax-subsidized entity as a competitor.''
There were baseball games on the lawn, with Robinson often joining in; swimming in the lake in the rear during the summer and hockey when it froze in the winter.
But the union has done more research and this year sought an additional $155 million for hundreds of other properties.
That same day he holed a pitching wedge from 97 yards for a birdie on the second.
He would be perfectly happy, he said, if a peacekeeping mission turned into a combat one.
Whether the programs make sense for them may depend partly on their incomes.
Nonetheless, as the rest of women's fashion has evolved for the working woman over the last two decades, with many designers even offering clothing for large-size or petite women, maternity wear has not progressed very far.
Chile, which made its transition to democracy from military rule in 1990, also promoted the reconsideration, expressing an interest in buying 18 to 24 F-16's.
Price range: Lunch, entrees $3.75 to $7.75.
I want to win, 35-12.''
Memorial contributions may be made to the West Michigan Cancer Center, 200 North Park Street, Kalamazoo, MI.
Just 10 days ago, researchers in Atlanta announced the first successful pregnancy in this country using an egg that had been frozen, and one consequence of this will be that women will be able to freeze their eggs when they are young for use later, when they are older and their eggs are of poorer quality.
The latest killings of civilians took place in Beni-Slimane, about 40 miles south of Algiers, the daily newspaper Le Soir d'Algerie said.
But no Israeli vehicle was passing by, and the casualties were all Palestinian, including several people riding in a taxi.
Tonight was one of those nights that the Yankees proved how impressive a team they can be, while winning for the 11th time in the last 14 games.
These definitions cover only the acts of accepting or receiving something from a person officially on behalf of a candidate, campaign, a political party, or a partisan political group.
In addition to the $930 million fund, he runs a few small institutional accounts at Gabelli, but his focus is on Gabelli Growth, which, he says is the largest holding in both his personal retirement and his nonretirement accounts.
Everyone wants to reproduce that success, even just once.
It was a case that originated in the small Brooklyn neighborhood of Crown Heights, but it had ramifications all the way to Washington, one that even put his boss, Attorney General Janet Reno, on the spot.
was almost certain to approve the irradiation of red meat because decades of studies had shown that irradiation of meat was safe and effective in killing most bacteria.
The same can be said of white suburban kids, and though it's difficult to measure how dramatic a drop there is, I can tell you this: two young sports fans, one 17, the other 8, were left in my home the other night watching the Knicks-Toronto preseason game.
Among the six contenders are Andrea Jung, the 38-year-old head of global marketing and new business who is the brains behind the company's product and marketing overhaul, and Christina A.
He found that 70 percent of those who had the gene died of their strokes, compared with only 20 percent of those without the gene.
If convicted on the charges related to the two deaths, Mr. Kaczynski could face a death sentence in each case.
Of Yzerman's goal, Murray said: ''We gave up a real soft goal.
CLEVELAND INDIANS - Purchased the contract of INF Jeff Manto from Buffalo of the American Association.
But Mr. Zuendt, the retiring president, defends the breakneck schedule.
In Connecticut's largest city, in Fairfield County, WICC 600 AM, Bridgeport, has the fourth highest revenue share among the 15 AM and FM stations in Fairfield County that report revenue to an independent C.P.A.
And Saddam Hussein, who used deadly chemicals against his own people, would surely have no compunction about using biological agents.
There are men's suits in the Savile Row genre, velvet evening jackets, and corduroy or cashmere sport coats.
''With the big increase in obesity in the world, I wouldn't rule it out,'' Dr. Foreyt said.
would have started an attack to be pursued by 20 Qd2, 21 g4 and 22 g5.
The prosecutor, Arthur Green Jr., an assistant district attorney in Jefferson County, said he planned to proceed despite a new admission by the victim that she had sex on the day she said she was raped with both her husband and a boyfriend.
If most people have never heard of the Museum of Connecticut History, the state's official historical museum, much less its Dark Zone, there is good reason: the General Assembly provides no money for its promotion.
The Federal Reserve Board reports on industrial production and capacity utilization for August.
Devoted brother of Leonore and Jerome Tesler.
The proposal comes at a time when Congress and many of the nation's governors are growing increasingly exasperated with the immigration service's inability to cope with soaring requests for citizenship, weed out criminal aliens living in the United States and crack down on the steady stream of illegal immigrants entering the country.
And a deacon who helped prepare the sanctuary before service and counted the offering after, is a two-time offender who has spent time at both Riker's Island and Bedford Hills Correctional Facility.
The friend showed it to Random House, and Anthony Bourdain, cook at a small Village restaurant, became Anthony Bourdain, chef-novelist.
(She committed suicide a year later.)
Mr. Forbes then broke down, Mr. Schaudt said in an affidavit, and gave a tape-recorded confession.
A7 Sierra Leone Coup Denounced One day after a military council seized power in Sierra Leone, five ministers from the ousted civilian Government were arrested by troops in the capital, Freetown.
David McClure, executive director of the Association of On-Line Professionals, which represents large and small Internet service providers and some of their employees, said, ''The Internet means that we may not be able to think of taxation in the ways we are used to, that maybe we need to shift to another form of taxation.''
The effort by NATO troops to displace Karadzic loyalists from police stations and media outlets in western Bosnia and replace them with people who back Ms. Plavsic has been a victim of these perceptions and fears.
Labels fairly drip with hyperbole, as in this on Blanton's Single Barrel, a mahogany-hue product of the Ancient Age Distillery that started the whole deluxe craze in 1984: ''We believe this is the finest bottle of whisky ever produced.''
is primarily the party of business and to wrest from Democrats the issue of corporate welfare.
They had thoroughly explored Worcester, Mass., where Mr. Waterman lived before his studio was flooded twice and broken into three times.
In 1947 married Richard E. Young (died 1969).
''He is a real nice, fresh face, but he is not gubernatorial.
But the last round of debates for the Democrats was not entirely cordial.
Arena, who had clashed with Mr. Campbell in the last year, chose to retire rather than report to him, people familiar with the executives said.
A woman sues a tobacco company for causing her husband's death.
''Interesting views'' is, charitably, an understatement, but the extent of Chinese persecution of Christians is nevertheless a matter of debate.
Malaysia's Malaise Consider what has happened in Malaysia to its stock market and currency, the ringgit.
''I'll have to make that decision,'' Van Gundy said Monday.
To the Editor: Your Dec. 30 front-page report that conservative Republicans will continue to block America's contractual obligations to the United Nations unless the new Secretary General, Kofi Annan, convinces them that he is determined to ''streamline'' the world organization's budget and bureaucracy can only cause incredulity to our allies abroad and deep concern to Americans who worry about the rising global challenges of the decades to come.
''It sounds good to me,'' Parcells said.
FOUAD MOUGHRABI Chattanooga, Tenn., April 1, 1997 The writer is a professor of political science at the University of Tennessee.
With its high stance, roof rack and spare tire mounted on the outside of the rear door, the CR-V resembles many sport utilities.
's electronic data gathering, analysis and retrieval system (http://www.sec.gov).
Some subscribers, who joined the service more than a few months ago, still use Sprintnet numbers to dial into America Online.
He washes her gently; she laughs and plays with the water.
He wanted players who were born in Jamaica and who played in Jamaica.
Now, it's on to San Antonio and the round of 16, where Minnesota (29-3) will play Clemson, which beat Tulsa, 65-59, today.
Ms. White said many of the children at Jefferson, like those from many inner-city neighborhoods, needed values constantly reinforced to overcome a lack of self-esteem caused by growing up with only one parent, living in poverty or suffering child abuse.
Two French sailors in the race were also rescued from other boats that foundered.
But it sure was a waste of time, me rehearsing ''Love Me Tender'' and then he didn't want to do any bilateral singing!
Wine industry analysts said that the suit might have had great impact if the jury had decided for Kendall-Jackson, but that the actual outcome made the dispute amount to little more than two tough competitors playing hardball.
Dr. Steen Willadsen, who developed techniques used to make Dolly, said it was ''just a matter of time'' before the first human is cloned.
One lawyer, Dina Hellerstein, said the jury that sentenced Mr. Washington did not know about his mental impairments.
It is headed by Dr. C. Everett Koop, a former surgeon general, and Dr. David A. Kessler, a former head of the Food and Drug Administration, both prominent in the public health field.
Shares of At Home gained $1.625, to $22.25, on the Nasdaq stock market.
Although reaching the half-century mark is a traumatic passage for many people, Mrs. Clinton is little given to introspection or self-doubt, her friends say.
Barbara Green from Boston University will sing the national anthem and Tony McGaughey will accompany her with a sign-language rendition.
Except for relatively small personal investments in the index funds, Mr. Branson says, he avoids the stock market because he thinks he can do better plowing his own money back into his own Virgin empire, which now counts more than 200 companies with annual sales of about $2.5 billion, according to The Sunday Times of London.
He came to the United States twnety-three years ago, and lived in Manhasset, NY.
Democrats, to the last minute of the last hearing, accused Senator Thompson of a partisan focus on President Clinton's campaign.
The approach is to let the relevant science and engineering control the decision.''
The teams were tied at 2-2 after two.
Krystal's stock more than doubled, jumping $7.25, to $13.50, in Nasdaq trading.
We see if the oil is contained inside the boom and test how much escapes.
Housing also tends to be less expensive in northern and eastern Fairfield than in central and southern Westchester, an attraction for employers concerned for their workers.
If the company had written off this good will over a more traditional period, like five years, rather than taking a one-time expense, profits for 1996 would have been $5.5 billion, down from $5.8 billion in 1995.
Last year that list included Afghanistan, Colombia, Iran, Myanmar, Nigeria and Syria, all of which are expected to be on the list again this year.
They are also guaranteed a seat at one of the four head tables with Republican luminaries at the dinner, which will be held on May 13 at a Washington hotel.
The agency determined then that the EMB-120 did not pick up ice that the pilots would not notice.
When Mr. Yousef fled the Philippines, he left a computer full of plots, one to kill Pope John Paul II in Manila in days, another for a horror to surpass that at the Trade Center: a coordinated bombing of 12 American jetliners in 48 hours.
''I think the good news for us is, the veterans who questioned me, like, 'How good is this guy?'
To settle the suit, filed by Alaska and the Federal Government -- in addition to the $2 billion the company paid for direct cleanup costs -- Exxon agreed to pay $900 million to be used for environmental good works around the nation.
The market will get to be 30 or 35 percent overvalued before it becomes dangerously rich.''
Today was a normal working day in London, and many of those who showed up outside Kensington Palace and Buckingham Palace or waited in line at St. James's Palace said they were on their way home from their jobs.
His fund used to own shares of C.C.A., but without an ''improvement in fundamentals,'' he will stay on the sidelines, he said.
The Mayor had no comment.
At the same time, Mr. Greenstein said, the co-op is responsible for providing sufficient heat.
Early in the day, bond prices slumped after Susan Phillips, a Federal Reserve governor, told Bridge News that she expected the economy to continue to grow at a healthy pace, which caused many investors to worry about inflation.
Despite The Boston Globe's report that Parcells will depart, that's still their story and they're sticking to it.
''But you have to piece it together from different sources.''
Mr. Freedman described other correspondence between alumni and college officials, in which Jews are referred to as ''ghetto types'' and as Eastern Europeans with oily hair and hooked noses.
First, however, he has some uniting to do at home.
Admission to the children's zoo is $2 for adults; $1.50 for children 2 through 12.
''An immense challenge,'' is how Parker describes the match.
Although Iran has economic troubles, aggravated in part by a United States trade embargo, it is not in dire shape.
Or they would chide him because he rushes home from practice to watch ''Melrose Place'' and ''Beverly Hills 90210.''
The Marquis plans to give them a new home and, he hopes, to bring his visitor count up to about 40,000 a year.
WITH: Mahalia Jackson, Aretha Franklin, James Cleveland, the Edwin Hawkins Singers, Cissy Houston, the Dixie Hummingbirds, Sister Rosetta Tharpe, Shirley Caesar and the Caravans and Clara Ward.
Mr. Pataki released his own rent plan earlier this week, calling for vacancy decontrol, expansion of luxury decontrol and maintenance of current succession rules.
The British tenor Anthony Rolfe Johnson was the anguished Tito, who cannot understand why those he most trusts have tried to harm him, and who responds by pardoning them, in the hope, perhaps naive, that his clemency will prove stronger than their treachery.
His father was school superintendent and his mother a teacher in a town whose graduating classes never numbered much more than a dozen.
''It was derivative Faulkner,'' he said.
''He was always into chemistry sets,'' Mr. Brehl said.
''Certain technology has become mandatory,'' said Mr. Feder of Channel 7.
The mark reached an intraday high of 73.92 yen and ended the day at 73.88 yen.
''We are certain the baby was alive after it was born,'' Mr. Kaye said.
He switches stances, from orthodox to southpaw, ducks punches by leaning back and dipping from side to side.
The throngs, the ambient music and the motion are euphoric.
The close proximity to jobs in midtown is a draw for many people.
Those three have a combined 3-12 record this year and one playoff appearance this decade.
The decision on Thursday to withdraw Mr. Makharadze prompted Secretary of State Warren Christopher to deliver a personal appeal to Mr. Shevardnadze.
Ms. Tindall reconstructs not only Celestine's life but also that of rural France in a period of rapid change.
It was not immediately clear if other students were involved.
And it got pretty rough.
One of those lawyers received $49 million in inadequately secured loans, the regulators said.
On Monday, along with her two daughters, their husbands and her sister, Ms. Albright visited Kostelec nad Orlici, her mother's hometown, and Letohrad, her father's.
That is his new policy for children ages 1 to 10 at the Cub Room Cafe, 183 Prince Street (Sullivan Street).
If all goes well, the yet-to-be-named Saint David's boat will be launched next spring from Pier 84 on 43d Street, where Floating the Apple also stores and launches its own boats.
''There is no doubt in my mind that we have a problem,'' he said.
''Keep in mind, it is more difficult for these inspectors to do their work with regard to biological and chemical weapons than it is with regard to missile and nuclear issues under their jurisdiction,'' Mr. Clinton said.
The concept of a museum expressly designed for children emerged in 1899, with the founding of the Brooklyn Children's Museum.
Once located, he said, the nest can be ''dusted'' by drilling holes into the wall at the suspected location and three feet to either side and then ''puffing'' carbaryl dust (Sevin) or boric acid into the holes.
Wary of making the same mistakes that derailed earlier plans, state officials are markedly slowing the process of choosing a developer to build on the site of the New York Coliseum in Manhattan, a project that is intended to anchor a revived Columbus Circle.
Now, after 16 months of negotiations, the issue is at a critical stage.
A State Department spokesman, James Rubin, said Washington regarded the election of Mr. Khatami as an interesting development.
Those attitudes might improve -- lifting demand for diet brands -- if the Federal Government approved acesulfame-K, a low-calorie sweetener, for use in the United States.
ANFERNEE HARDAWAY, who led Orlando with 21 points, blamed himself for the loss.
Richter said Gretzky sometimes waits until he brings his stick down toward the puck before reading the goalie's body language and deciding where to fire.
30 North Van Brunt Street, Englewood.
On Television ''THE TENANT OF WILDFELL HALL,'' based on the Anne Bronte novel, on ''Masterpiece Theater,'' PBS, Sunday night at 9.
Other experts said Brookhaven Science Associates would be less a new manager than a reorganized form of Associated Universities.
In the first category were the Foreign Minister, Bronislaw Geremek, and the Defense Minister, Janusz Onyszkiewicz, both figures from the Solidarity underground who are well known in the West from their roles in and around the first governments after the fall of Communism.
We offer our heartfelt condolences to his family.
Call 738-8190 or 738-3434 for more information or ticket reservations.
She hoped to bring her children.
To the Editor: You report that ''newspapers are embracing color and drama and intimacy in hopes of better connecting'' with readers (Business Day, May 19).
That is expected to clear the decks for the next major program: a common currency for those countries that decide they want to join the first wave of nations in 1999 and bring their economies into line under the economic and fiscal criteria for qualification.
''I'm really happy,'' Alexander said, standing in street clothes outside Thomas J.
''If you've got a hammer, everything looks like a nail, and if you're a politician in Washington, the natural tendency is to use the power you've got,'' said Frank Newman, director of the Education Commission of the States.
Although he was nominally a man of the left, he said he had never been tempted to write a political article.
I love TV and I wouldn't give it up for anything in the world!
RACHEL SOMMERVILLE Oakland, Calif., March 29, 1997
As trumpets plaintively played ''Taps'' over the animated chirping of birds in the cold but sunlit garden of the Embassy residence, Mr. Chirac and other French and American officials, and several hundred friends, relatives, and staff members of the Embassy she had presided over since May 1993 paid warm tribute to Mrs. Harriman, who died Wednesday at the age of 76.
Hopefully, my game will turn around where I will have a chance.''
But despite all these advantages and innovations, an illegal immigrant educated or trained at Lexington and other places like it eventually runs into a brick wall when the time comes to find a job: Federal immigration laws.
On Friday night, people want cash.
Her father is the director of the Economic Research Institute for Latin America, a consulting company in Washington.
In Murren, one of Switzerland's highest villages, we ate lunch at a cafe directly facing glaciers and mountain peaks.
She was off duty when she was shot once in the head on a street in the Bath Beach section in January 1996 while the couple's 8-month-old son was buckled in a car seat nearby.
Whatever the improvements, those who care for disabled children say the changes could not have come soon enough.
Rob Powers, a spokesman for the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors' Authority, said that the crowd, up from 186,000 last year, was larger because of the Hacienda demolition.
And Kim Brodie, 24, a cashier at the Second Cup coffee shop in the popular Stone Road Mall, agreed that Mondex users are scarce, perhaps 3 to 10 a day.
Husband of Fanny Boudeville Farrand, residence 1 Ice Pond Road, Watch Hill.
These restaurants can attract a flurry of business from customers seeking novelty.
Mr. Giuliani said Mr. Badillo had done nothing wrong in his work for the company, US Servis.
Because she is doing that, Martin senses a great deal of animosity from other women in the sport.
She will be missed by all.
All were inspired by poems.
After huddling with the company's chief financial officer, she has an awfully big smile on her face.
''Tomorrow's future gets dated quickly,'' observes Weiss, who is busy preparing final resting places for cast-off Tomorrowland attractions, ''but the future of 100 years ago can still look cool.''
And Mr. Linder discussed with reporters his belief that Mr. Gephardt had had a far more serious brush with the ethics committee than Mr. Gingrich had, although the committee dismissed the complaint against Mr. Gephardt.
It helps, of course, that it is summertime.
When the songs are done right they're done right, and that's it.
''Visitors have to learn that when they come into a community like this they need to slow down a little bit and respect what we have here.
Top-seeded Martina Hingis is, at 16, the youngest No.
But on this occasion Mr. Katsaris's playing was rather unsettled and insubstantial.
Because of Mr. Tokars's prominence, the gruesome nature of the murder and the seaminess of the testimony, the trial is considered one of the most sensational in Georgia since Wayne B. Williams was convicted in the abduction and murder of Atlanta children in the early 1980's.
His previous marriage ended in divorce.
Leyland, who by virtue of a contract provision could have walked away from the Marlins' mess because the team is being sold, said the biggest problem will be finding pitching replacements.
Morris, 1895 Flatbush Avenue, Brooklyn.
A15 Zaire Peace Talks Fizzle Talks between President Mobutu Sese Seko of Zaire and Laurent Kabila, the rebel leader, were canceled after a day of confusion over the whereabouts of Mr. Kabila and his objections to security arrangements for his scheduled meeting with Mr. Mobutu aboard a South African Navy ship.
Medical investigators poring over thousands of birth records from households near a former toxic waste dump in southwestern New Jersey have found unusually clear evidence of a link that is often hard to measure -- between industrial chemicals in the environment and their impact on human health.
I don't think we were ready to play the game.
After performances by the Step Brothers, a tap-dance troupe, and the singer Kaye Stevens, Mr. Carson chides the TV sponsors he shills for: Prune juice -- a grown man selling prune juice.
''Now we'll be in a much better position to promote the entire Fortune brand,'' said John Needham, vice president for communications in New York, for ventures that also include conferences, foreign editions and technology buyers' guides.
''As a coach, I know they have the capability to beat us, but I don't think they thought they could beat us tonight.''
My sister and I went up to the village for a meal last night.''
His stories found places in the better magazines, and who knows how many graduate students owe their degrees to exegeses of his novels and short stories.
Still, with ''her perpetual fear of egotistical self-exposure'' (an inhibition that began in the merciless teasing of her childhood and ripened in the preening atmosphere of Bloomsbury's Memoir Club), it is unlikely she would have risked being truly forthcoming when being ''fearfully brilliant'' would do.
She wanted to get a taste of broadcast journalism and was told she would learn about news writing, production and more.
Through the first half of an uneven season, the Rangers were fortunate in one significant area: they did not suffer any major injuries.
California Pizza, based in Los Angeles with 79 restaurants in 19 states, features California decor and pizzas with unusual toppings like Peking duck, shrimp scampi and pineapple cooked in wood-burning ovens.
He has been accused of ramming a stick into the rectum of Mr. Louima, a Haitian immigrant, at a Brooklyn station house in August.
Andy Pettitte and Ramiro Mendoza reinforced that appraisal today.
Last year, a dozen of Wall Street's largest municipal bond firms, including Bear Stearns, Goldman Sachs and Paine Webber, gave $261,000 to the committee that produced television commercials in which Gov.
''The store started burning so fast.
''People were talking to me, but I was upset with myself,'' Matthews said.
''My mother always says,'' he said, '' 'Everything in life that is worthwhile is difficult.'
On Saturday night in Milwaukee, Chris Gatling and Sam Cassell provided the heroics.
Bennett injured the knee at Pittsburgh on Oct. 12.
According to a Government affidavit, Mr.
Founding members of Mr. Aristide's organization, known as the Lavalas Family, have applied to register the movement as a political party, Francois Severin, a top aide to President Rene Preval and a former Agriculture Minister in Mr. Aristide's administration, said today.
In return, the Hopi would drop four lawsuits pending against the Federal Government relating to the dispute.
Worm people differ from other tribes of biologists, like those who study the fly.
The family members said they had no idea of what might have prompted Mr. Kansi, 33, to carry out the attack.
An encompassing, impassioned account of increasingly powerful capital and increasingly confident labor in early-20th-century Idaho.
The Philadelphia native connected on 13 of 18 shots and was 7 of 11 from the foul line.
He once hired musicians he heard playing in a subway station for his company's Christmas party.
Only a small number of buyers are actually purchasing cars on the Internet, but many more are using the resources available to Web browsers who want to arrive at a car lot feeling well informed.
President Jimmy Carter, also in a written response, said there was never a hint of impropriety at the agency under his Naval Academy classmate, Admiral Turner, who cleaned house, canceled some long-running covert operations and started few new ones.
But Dr. Mahathir's tirade turned a small crisis of confidence in Malaysia into a big crisis of confidence.
Customers who are not computer-savvy are undoubtedly better off buying a brand-name computer from a local store, where they can get help if they need it.
It was before an out was made, with Tim Raines on second base and Jeter, normally Young Reliable, at the plate.
By contrast, adult prisons now are more punitive and have largely abandoned trying to change criminals' behavior.
''They agreed to lie, and they agreed to withhold.''
Beloved husband of Kathleen Comfrey.
The city's Administration for Children's Services, charged with protecting abused and neglected children, has routinely left them to languish in dangerous homes where many are abused again.
myth any more damage than did gossipy (Victor Lasky, Kitty Kelley) or serious (Gore Vidal, Garry Wills) debunkers before him.
Finds are triumphantly announced, copied and sold for a few dollars.
''Everybody lets go and unwinds,'' Ms. Young said.
Savennieres is not a beginner's wine.
''I suddenly started seeing pumpkins everywhere in my local Monoprix supermarket and I had no idea what was going on.
Much the same can be said about ''Thomas Jefferson.''
$(D15.$) Ford Sales Increase in June Incentives pushed auto sales at Ford Motor up 4.7 percent in June.
''We have had a great season, but what I think doesn't matter anyway.''
The Mets led by 4-1 and were riding high on the shoulders of one Bobby Jones.
Dallas Bonsai Gardens, for one, offers a 27-inch antique Japanese beech at $1,995.
We've got to live with it.''
Personal computer purchases are on the rise among United States companies, jumping 20 percent in March from the month a year earlier, according to a survey by the market researchers Computer Intelligence.
''We have to address, first and foremost,'' Mr. Roberts said, upon finishing, ''that Monk could play the piano.''
The Cooper Companies said yesterday that it had agreed to acquire Aspect Vision Care Ltd., a British maker of contact lenses, for $51 million in cash and notes.
need to pay 14 percent interest, compounding pre-tax?''
''I go with my own gut,'' he said.
On Sunday at 3 P.M., there will be a concert of Asian music with Masayo Ishigure on the koto and James Nyoraku Schlefer on the shakuhachi, with narration by Robert Sherman; selections are from works by Tadao Sawai, Michio Miyagi, Hofmann and Soong Pu Yuan.
Today, the wine goes directly from the stainless-steel fermenters -- still open-topped -- to a combination of American oak and French oak barrels.
Analysts said they supported the transaction, but acknowledged Northrop was paying full price.
First Targets Are Seen For Line-Item Veto President Clinton has decided to exercise his line-item veto authority for the first time, striking out at least one narrow tax break and one spending measure from the balanced-budget and tax-cut legislation he signed last week.
The stock of Wells Fargo & Company tumbled 6.6 percent yesterday after the bank said problems in integrating First Interstate Bancorp would result in weaker second-quarter profits than expected.
''This is a singular event, we won't do this on a customary basis,'' said Robert G. Friedman, vice chairman of the Paramount Motion Picture Group.
He said he feared having to take a tour along the Harlem River up Exterior Street in the Bronx, pointing out the Empire State Building 150 blocks south, because he was unable to get the bus any closer.
Just inside the gate, visitors encounter a deactivated, lime-green gas chamber.
''It was a pretty bizarre finish,'' Murray said.
This way, the terms are set from the beginning.
Indeed, the dining room where Mr. Dung works is staffed with employees from South and Central America, Jamaica, Haiti, Pakistan, Mexico, Cambodia and Vietnam, among other countries.
The infomercial opens with footage from the film ''Superman,'' showing the Man of Steel (Mr. Reeve) rescuing Lois Lane (Margot Kidder).
Then they saw what happened to me'' -- he barks a laugh -- ''and that was the last I ever heard about that.''
MY last evening in Cape Breton, I drove back up the Cabot Trail a few miles past Baddeck to South Gut St. Ann's and the Gaelic College of Celtic Arts and Crafts for a ceilidh.
In Dunblane, the constable who had approved the killer's certificate admitted his failure and resigned from the force.
To make the models work, though, managers must check the accuracy and consistency of their data and decide how much of the information to use.
He joined the Phillies for the last two months of the 1996 season and became the regular third baseman.
What perplexed her most, Goodhue thought as Pataki left her office, was how aboveboard he had been about the whole thing.
''American Heritage: The Civil War and Lincoln,'' Byron Price Multimedia, 24 West 25th Street, New York, N.Y., 10010, (800) 945-3155, $39.95 for a set of three CD-ROM's http://www.byronpreiss.-com., Windows 3.1 or higher, 486SX, 66-megahertz processor or faster, double-speed CD-ROM drive or faster, sound card, 8 megabytes RAM, SVGA graphics.
If Irabu can't hit, that's the least of the manager's problems.
CAROLINA HURRICANES--Recalled G Pat Jablonski from Cleveland of the IHL.
In 1970 he made seven films, and from then on averaged three or four a year.
It was hardly a secret to Mr. Ferrer or anyone that Mr. Giuliani would be difficult to beat.
If the bank charges a service fee, that fee is deducted from the landlord's charges.
Devoted father of Nancy Sweder and Dr. Leslie Goldberg.
The bridegroom's mother owns Cottages and Castles Interiors in Southampton.
Those little boxes have been handsome money-makers.
When Lemieux finally played in a 4-2 victory over the Wings on March 16 in Denver, some Detroit fans held up signs with his name on a tombstone.
The landscape has been irrevocably altered since St. Joseph's made its only appearance in the Final Four in 1961.
In exchange, it kept money from drinks sold and was permitted to give gamblers a few free tickets.
To the Editor: A. M. Rosenthal's statements about fictitious Arab claims to Jerusalem (''Arafat at the Brink,'' column, April 1) irritate me.
''We've been friends for years,'' Mr. Warner said, borrowing Ms. Walters's cell phone.
And 2.1 percent of the seniors said they had tried heroin, compared with 1.8 percent last year.
A good way to begin is with fresh homemade mozzarella and roasted peppers glistening under a drizzle of olive oil; crisp fried calamari; baked little clams oreganato, or tasty stuffed eggplant with spinach, ricotta cheese and tomato sauce.
It landed briefly near a river bank then took off again.
''I didn't really know what to expect.
But it agreed to repeat the Brooks concert on Sept. 13 at 9:30 P.M. and allow cable operators to unscramble its signal for the two-hour concert special.
The mosaic, on loan from the Israel Museum in Jerusalem, is certainly no beauty, but as hard evidence of a cosmopolitan ancient world in which Jewish, Christian and pagan populations lived side by side and depicted divinity in different ways, it's invaluable.
Rajoub understands above all that his political power flows up from the street and that the Palestinian street is in no mood for talk of cooperation.
Turning the tables in the 14th variation, Mr. Haim positioned spectators into living statues before returning to the austere outlines of his overall choreography.
On Friday night, McCoo helped Red Bank improve to 3-0 with a spectacular five-touchdown performance in a 42-20 romp over Raritan.
As best I can tell, he was eager to put the past behind him.
The acquisition, which requires regulatory approval, is expected to close in the fourth quarter of this year.
Page, who was 19 when he went to Vietnam, and Mr. Faas, who was 32 when the two men met, began at opposite ends of the emotional spectrum.
This comes on top of four conversions in 1996.
At a news conference, Mr. Giuliani released a list of what he said were the audits that Mr. McCall wanted to pursue.
Rothman (D) Yea Yea 10.
FOR viewers who think of June Wayne primarily as a printmaker and the founder of the Tamarind Lithography Workshop, the Neuberger Museum of Art at Purchase College here has a surprise: a 48-year retrospective by the artist, which is one-third paintings and tapestries.
The officers and members of Old Oaks Country Club mourn the passing of Michael Feidelson, President of Quaker Ridge Golf Club.
Mr. Palermo, who made the contact in front of pool reporters, called to arrange his first face to-face meeting with the rebel commander since Dec. 28, and to confirm that Bishop Juan Luis Cipriani Thorne, who heads the Roman Catholic archdiocese of Ayacucho and who has appeared to serve as a contact with the rebels on the Government's behalf, would be admitted to the house over the weekend to conduct Mass.
''Hotel REITs' remarkable success is attributable to their generally terrific performance for investors,'' said Bjorn Hanson, the chairman of Coopers & Lybrand's hospitality unit, ''continuing strong fundamentals in the lodging industry and liquidity in the capital markets.''
Cherished great grandfather of Jacob, Yael and Lacee.
On a recent morning Wendell Littler, 21, was staring through a magnifying glass judging his polishing work on a tiny diamond, just six-hundredths of a carat -- worth barely more than $30.
It is a dark umbrella, instantly conjuring up the moody atmosphere and the luxurious tension of Germany between the World Wars.
''This family has made such tremendous contributions to the struggle, for everybody,'' said the Rev.
This Court has not had recent occasion to consider the nature of the substantive right safeguarded by the Second Amendment.
It is not as if that has never happened, Xpress said, but people are being too literal.
To hear some baseball talk, Colangelo had planned to raid the free-agent market for Greg Maddux, Kenny Lofton, Ivan Rodriguez and who knows who else.
And because they did, the Braves got to hold onto something positive even in a lost series.
Other factors suggest that a longer period of mild growth might lie ahead.
''By being myself, I usually end up wedging my size 14 in my mouth,'' said Wyche, who is still remembered for barring a female reporter from the Cincinnati Bengals locker room in 1990 a few weeks after Lisa Olson, a Boston Herald reporter, was sexually harassed by several New England Patriots.
''This change would not have taken place without you and the Roman Catholic Church,'' he said.
If any one of us in Hong Kong loses our freedoms, we all will ultimately suffer.''
Henderson, who averaged only 6.4 points per game in his first two N.B.A.
She explained: ''Things prepared for commercial export meet different rules.
The selection of Farrior could not be considered surprising.
But this year, when Asofsky saw the price of unleavened bread at grocery stores near his retirement community in southern Florida, he experienced sticker shock.
In 1994, she married Representative Bill Paxon, a Buffalo Republican, and their infant daughter, Susan Ruby Paxon, was a fixture at last year's Republican convention.
''I'd invited him to come over for dinner, and I thought he would cancel,'' the bride said.
Private burial was held at Moravian Cemetery, Staten Island.
The first inkling for Mr. Rossetti, a waiter in his 30's, of what was afoot came from the banner that flew above the ''armored car.''
It was with the naked human figure, however, that photography proved most helpful to artists, giving them a new tool for anatomical research and enabling them to freeze bodies in uncomfortable, or embarrassing, positions that no model could tolerate for more than a few minutes.
Janusz Makuch has organized the Jewish culture festival in Kazimierz since 1988.
After seven years as Promise Keepers' lead visionary, Mr. McCartney, 57, draws crowds that rival those of the Rev.
Only in rare cases have states played the renegade by licensing a boxer suspended in other states.
The judge could decide to enforce the contract or not.
He said he had wanted to prove that even experts could make mistakes.
Even the Long Island Rail Road trestle that slices through the neighborhood (it is for a little-used spur line) is a graceful relic, with its long row of slender arches.
Thursday and Saturday at 8 P.M.; Friday at 9 P.M.; next Sunday at 7 P.M. Tickets: $40.
Mr. Ross said that the assistant principal and counselor were in a difficult situation, wanting to respect the girl's confidentiality while being mindful of the seriousness of her allegations.
Mr. Buffett is a director of Salomon Inc., the holding company for Salomon Brothers, and controls about 18 percent of Salomon.
So selfish individuals will leave more descendants, and soon enough the cooperative bands won't be cooperative anymore.
Many members were skeptical about the budget and tax agreement because they had not seen details of the deal, which was worked out during the weekend by White House officials and the Congressional Republican leadership.
Stevens and Sweeney grew up in the same area outside Boston.
He also objected to the current public education system, saying that parents should be able to use public dollars to send their children to private schools.
Or maybe it is her stature.
The bridegroom is a great-grandson of Gifford Pinchot, a founder and the first chief of the United States Forest Service, a Republican who was twice the Governor of Pennsylvania.
Hundreds of students need evening and weekend tutorials to learn what they should have been taught during class time.
Saying that the office of United States Attorney Mary Jo White was trying to ''thwart our investigation, to stop our prosecution,'' Mr. Morgenthau's top deputy, James M. Kindler, asked a Federal magistrate not to accept a guilty plea by a woman accused of insider trading.
The additional space should ease the crush in the aisles and at the checkout counters.
The Bosnian Embassy's acting military attache, Maj. Suad Cengic, said his Government was preparing a response.
Everything is one on one.''
If Ms. Albright gets ''Christopherized'' and opts for picking at whatever little strings Yasir, Bibi and Hafez offer, she is doomed.
William Carter Spann, a nephew of former President Jimmy Carter, collapsed and died on Sunday while he was drinking on an Oakland street, officials said.
A new list of nine sites is being prepared for consideration.
''China is in a very reluctant position now and will be for two to three years.
For motorists, the pocketbook effects of the overhaul of insurance rates could prove startling: a liability rate increase of up to 20 percent for drivers of sport utility vehicles and pickups over the next several years and a cut of up to 10 percent for car owners.
It came on a disqualification aboard Royal Beacon II against Arcaro's prohibitive favorite Dedicated.
Choose many more and you will be buried in reports and tax statements, spend too much time tracking the funds and pay for unnecessary duplication of holdings, Ms. Scott warns.
Three big makers of pharmaceuticals and consumer products -- the Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, the American Home Products Corporation and SmithKline Beecham P.L.C.
The ruling agreed with an influential decision by the Colorado Supreme Court, which held that options granted during a marriage for past service are marital property, while those granted for services after a divorce are not.
The claims for these editions should be greeted with a rousing chorus of ''It Ain't Necessarily So.''
Although his quarterfinal victory over the 29-year-old Becker took a turn for the somber when Becker informed him that it constituted a career-ending loss for him, Sampras was back in focus in the semifinals.
''The Waning of an Art'' are the words blazoned across the wall of its last gallery, in an end-of-a-civilization gambit that wraps up a culture and confines it to the history books as if it were dead and gone.
Brother of Richard, Daniel and Marion Quagliariello.
Still, it holds up well compared with the cost of skiing in the United States, even in high season.
Chancellor,'' Mr. Lafontaine replied, ''it's true we would like you to go.
Last week's music reached chronologically from the 1970's (four items from the ''Music in 12 Parts'') to the present.
''That is to reach the Lord.
But succession fights, family eccentricities and other pitfalls can hurt a family company.
And by fashioning her pseudo-framents and quasi-relics in humble materials like scrap metal, plaster and gauze, she pushes them to their limits of survival as potent symbols of sanctity.
Rub the veal shoulder on both sides with salt and pepper.
LEITER-Freda P. The Officers, Trustees and Members of Park Avenue Synagogue mourn the passing of a devoted congregant.
An official at the Surveillance Commission, which recommends action to the Finance Ministry, suggested today that it would probably recommend among the harshest punitive measures against Nomura, which issued a statement expressing ''utmost regret'' at the arrests.
And there is opposition to the plan among some businesses.
General Record said that General Schwalier posted rooftop sentries to help spot such terrorists.
Mass on Thursday, 10:30AM, at St. Ignatius Church, Interment, Pinelawn Memorial Park.
Ms. Melody said she could not comment on a theory, offered tonight by a White House official, that the committee might be holding up the Pena nomination to pressure the White House to change its position on the nuclear-waste bill.
In his petition, Mr. Volonte noted that the weekly publication had printed comments he made during consultations on the case, as well as the text of a settlement.
''It's nice for a C.E.O.
Whose playing career will last longer: Cal Ripken's or Saddam Hussein's?
Burial Calvary Cemetery, Patterson, New Jersey.
As the stock of Polo/Ralph Lauren prepares to trade, the fashion houses of Calvin Klein and Versace contemplate going public and Tommy Hilfiger and Gucci enjoy fat profits, it is achingly clear that fashion companies are not inherently bad investments.
''Bengalis are a very culturally minded people and they are very proud of their contributions to Indian and world culture,'' said Nayeem Hafizka, the producer of ''Gaach,'' who set up a display in the lobby to sell newly restored versions of some of Mr. Ray's films.
3 1 CASUAL DAY HAS GONE TOO FAR, by Scott Adams.
I admit a bias toward Clarisworks, a similar but fuller integrated program, but there is no reason to complain about Microsoft's entry.
Even Mayor Giuliani avers that the city drove O'Malley out, not the other way around.
He spoke to the reluctant justices in private before drafting his own opinions.
He carried encouraging economic news and the conviction that Spain is ready to join the first wave of countries in the planned European single currency.
Stanley S. Gunda is a senior financial officer in another ministry.
Each installment has two parts, a cultural lesson and an update on the relationship of Ted and Terumi, Mrs. Brunetto said.
''You're like a Fed-Ex package,'' he said.
When the finish is dry, you can start cutting the casing to fit around the doors and windows.
Harried parents have been driving from store to store in search of Beanie Babies and Sing and Snore Ernies, which have sold out all over the country.
''My numbers aren't there,'' Johnson said.
In the center of the Morning Star Gallery's booth are a ghost dance dress from 1890 made from deer hide colored with yellow ocher and decorated with vermilion stars, half-moons and pipes ($250,000), and Pueblo drums in shades of yellow and red, which range from $450 to $3,500.
Another asked about the impact of race and gender on juries.
Travelocity, a reservations service backed by the Sabre air reservations services and Worldview Systems, an on-line publisher, describes how to take a side trip to Cuba, 90 miles away, and explains that reggae is now influenced by American rap.
Aside from the introduction of Islam early in this century, the rituals of the Bamoun people would seem little changed in the 600 years of recorded history of their royalty.
When the authorities finally said it was safe for her and her neighbors to begin cleaning up their homes this weekend, the trailer house she had moved into with her 2-year-old daughter and her husband a week before the flood, which killed four people in Falmouth, was little more than kindling wrapped around a tree.
''The simplest thing was put under his microscope, and it became something beautiful, hopeful, encouraging,'' said Isadore Bleckman, who was Mr. Kuralt's cameraman for 15 years.
But rather than open more branches of his own business, Mr. Arader plans to rent the spaces to other dealers for 10 to 20 days at a time, at $15,000 a room for 10 days.
BEYOND THE LOOKING GLASS New paintings and drawings by Charles Klabunde.
Goldhagen was clearly coming out the winner.
American investigators are trying to determine whether she was actually a front for other interests that could not legally make campaign donations in the United States.
In the fourth round, there was a bevy of body punches inside from Whitaker.
Mr. Aguilar was given the starring role in ''The Jack, the Horse and the King,'' a film that made him an overnight movie star.
''If the Patriots had a dominant defense, they would have won the Super Bowl.
While you pointed out that the cost for most birth centers is indeed less than a hospital birth, you did not tell readers that many clients of the Birth Cottage in 1994 were surprised to find that even though they labored, delivered and recovered with their infants in the same room, their bills included a labor-room fee, a delivery-room fee and a nursery fee: no different than what Hudson Valley Hospital was charging its in-hospital patients.
His knowledge of New York and wisdom with respect to the future of New York are legendary.
Mr. Clinton's response said that she could not but did not elaborate.
Then, too, people undergoing cancer treatment, which is at least a part-time job, may have to add that stress to the unrelenting demands of their work and families.
Since this work meant closing the house for five months, the company decided to renovate and restore the entire 1932 building, with its majestic outer walls of rusticated terra cotta and gleaming granite and its elaborate Beaux-Arts interior.
Not so, says Jeffrey A. Mitchell, the cheese shop's attorney.
The Ohio Department of Insurance has rejected the Columbia/HCA Healthcare Corporation's proposed $299.5 million purchase of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Ohio.
That was up from 11.8 million a month earlier, after adjusting for a 2-for-1 split.
But it is also the story of a boy from a loving family who turns out to be far more intelligent than his teacher thought, but who is plagued by baffling periods of inattention -- periods so pronounced that he can twirl a pencil or his shoelace for minutes, seeming to ignore the assignment he has been given.
Malls and supermarkets have a duty to provide some type of security to protect customers who use their parking lots, the New Jersey Supreme Court ruled yesterday.
His couture is indeed a laboratory, and for every dress that took the idea a step too far, there was one where the idea worked.
SUMMERFEST '97 A. J. and the Hearts, 1950's music.
Instead, each stride interval depends on stride intervals at remote previous times.
Nobody is saying because nobody knows.
C. J. Tan, head of the Deep Blue team, recalled that a researcher who recently joined I.B.M.
''Everything is magnified in the military,'' she said, ''but it is absolutely representative of the prejudices and biases in the greater society.''
For Cooks, a New 'Joy' Cooks replacing their batter-stained copies of the ''Joy of Cooking'' will find that only 50 of its 2,700 recipes are unchanged.
Mr. Clinton said the provision would have given New York special treatment that other states did not have but might covet.
''We seek no special favor, only the right to compete with existing alliances, and to offer our customers a wider choice,'' Mr. Crandall said.
airliner that crashed in Long Island Sound last year.
Technology stocks continued to lag.
to keep working and avert AIDS.
From the West End, With a Snag Like a supplicant hoping to get into a hot nightclub, the London production of ''A Doll's House'' has survived the cool, appraising look and made it past the doorman.
Four of the starters worked out this morning, with Pulpit flying the fastest five furlongs of the day and lending credence to the idea that he should be at least the co-favorite for Saturday's classic.
On Mondays, Mr. Fischer appeared in ''AIDS: A Journal of Hope,'' on the cable station New York 1 News, with the reporter Debby Feyerick.
Classmates said she could be kind and warm, but also obnoxious and unpredictable, insecure and craving attention.
As the years went by, Peter Duncan remained intrigued by how a true believer carries on, even after a belief system is proved so completely false.
Suddenly water ran clean and silent out of the faucet, flowing from some hygenic place deep under the pine barrens.
He will be sorely missed.
The humorous spot by BBDO New York carries the longtime Visa theme, ''It's everywhere you want to be,'' and makes its initial appearance during coverage of college football games on ABC.
I'm rather pleased with the way people will say, ''He's thought of everything, hasn't he?''
He asked that the suit be withdrawn.
Nearly every black male has had a story to tell.
Some people's tax burdens are significant enough that they are unable to amass a large estate.
And only when the giving was finished did he stride back to the pulpit, open his Bible and begin his sermon.
The United States said it still planned to launch the shuttle Atlantis on Thursday to bring a new computer and other spare parts to the space station.
The police in Brindisi are allowing some people to strike off on their own.
The donors in question are not brain-dead, he said, since ''it takes the brain a day or two to be completely dead.''
They need 289 seats to form a majority, and the Communists, no longer the totalitarian party they were during the cold war, will support them with the 39 seats they won.
KLOPPENBURG-Emily R. D. Taylor, on Saturday, August 23, 1997, after years of illness; of Mount Lebanon (Pgh, PA.), formerly of New York.
When Ms. Albright and her cousin met in Prague after the Berlin wall came down, Ms. Albright says, Ms. Sima never mentioned either the family's religious background or its concentration-camp casualties.
The closest he came was one first-inning full count.
Isn't it possible that most of these young cyber-initiates, particularly those from the lower socioeconomic classes, will simply become the drones required for 21st-century corporate structures?
At the start of the 1947-48 season, the National Hockey League instituted a rule that states: The captain ''shall wear the letter 'C' approximately three inches in height in contrasting color in a conspicuous position on the front of his sweater.''
''She made Newport what it is,'' said Kay Norton, who used to live in one Duke house and now rents another, where she and her husband, Aylward, run an Oriental art gallery.
You can stand here outside and see what is happening in the Etzion bloc.
first-stringers were Arizona's Aeneas Williams, who has been named to three previous Pro Bowl teams, and Dallas's Deion Sanders, who was selected to his sixth Pro Bowl.
''Our almanac allows you to get to specific information without trawling through dozens of Web sites to find it,'' he said.
Forget everything else and think about today.
Beloved husband of Margaret; loving father of Peter Hoffman and stepfather of Gail Reisin-Goldstein and Ronald Frank.
The question that needs to be answered here of course is, what story could Hans tell Frisch?
As temperatures increased earlier this week, so did the number of New Jersey Transit buses suffering from engine failure.
A message board listed the phone numbers and addresses of people in other towns, even in Canada, who offered to welcome refugees into their homes.
The regulations, which took effect Thursday, cap the number of commercial aircraft that can fly over the canyon at 136, the size of the existing fleet, but do not limit the number of air tours each plane can fly.
This section is a tour de force in solid-state physics, and Amato does a superb job in explaining how it all works.
Second, denouncing the university's ''standards,'' moral or otherwise, is only one foray in an effort to root out liberals, diminish tax dollars and limit access to public higher education.
University officials are now considering proposals for the the block between Sansom and Chestnut Streets to add town houses and retail space and renovate existing high-rise dormitories and add retail space.
operations supervisor, said the increased flyovers might be by news helicopters covering the traffic jams from the Gowanus Expressway construction.
New Jersey is among 17 states whose school financing systems have been declared unconstitutional, and it has been fighting the problem longer than any state except California.
Chronicle D18 Crossword C34 Weather A2
The sale of the Oyster Creek nuclear plant, a possibility floated by its owners last month, could be complicated by reports of unexpected signs of wear in a key safety component of the reactor, industry analysts say.
''I used to earn more a few years ago, but they've sold so many franchises there isn't enough work to go around,'' he said.
He was convicted on May 7.
We are once again reminded why it has been this long.
The RJR Nabisco Holdings Corporation said yesterday that it would cut about 2,600 jobs in its international tobacco business and eliminate hundreds of positions in its domestic operations.
And it strikes me that by cutting herself -- by getting caught and hospitalized -- Jill has freed herself from her own tough persona, at least for a time.
Federal prosecutors are investigating whether the transactions between Columbia and the manager, now known as the Olsten Corporation, were structured to improperly increase the amount of expenses that are partly reimbursable by the Government, these people said.
What about the princess or the old woman, neither of whom can ''live'' without the other?
Who gets the place of honor directly across the walk from Fitz-Greene Halleck?
''Maybe if I wasn't in this position, I could have some compassion,'' Boone went on.
A spokesman for Northwest, the fourth-largest United States airline, said the carrier was ''in discussions'' with Airbus but declined to give details.
Advocates for the new museum ideology might argue that similarly tendentious ideas and inspirational motivations are present in all museum work: the Louvre and the Metropolitan Museum of Art, it is argued, speak to their own elite audiences, legitimizing modern society by showing its origins in classical civilizations.
BRIDGEPORT -- Downtown Cabaret Theater, 263 Golden Hill Street.
It also carefully selected movies from the West ''to show how bad it was over there and how good it was here,'' recalled Rudolf Biermann, the festival's general manager.
''We do not argue he is not disturbed,'' said Mr. Dinkins, the former Mayor.
The criticism was not of performance but of execution, the failure to do the little things it takes to win games.
Tess orders cookie-dough ice cream at a coffee bar called De Ja Brew, and I find everything I've ever wanted at the Bay Point Market.
Conservatives like Gary Bauer, the head of the Family Research Council, have long warned against an expanded Federal role in schools.
It is making its debut in the Union Square Greenmarket this month.
In Tacoma there are 14,000 registered businesses.
Sotheby's has recently approached city planning officials about, in effect, exchanging the earlier approval for permission to build a lower, smaller commercial space.
''We absolutely condemn the latest Chinese decisions,'' said Ramon Mantovani, an Italian Communist and member of Parliament.
The sauce is finished when the flavor and texture please you.
These other guys have to pick it up.''
Every one of us is immediately an expert in confidentiality because we all know what it's like to have your confidentiality violated.''
''We evaluated the individual's performance in background noise,'' Dr. Fabry said.
She then served as Law Clerk to Judge Edward Ryan.
''The report didn't say salted but that's just a nice way for them to avoid a lawsuit,'' said Sam Romberger, a professor of geology at the Colorado School of Mines.
He was a liar who told tall tales of his civil rights escapades in Mississippi.
After Mr. Weld mused publicly about his strategy -- he said ''it could be a land war, it could be an air war'' -- Mr. Lott castigated him as most undiplomatic.
Today, in a subtly worded change of policy, he said at a meeting with reporters that while a strong dollar was still in America's interest, ''we have had a strong dollar for some time now,'' a phrase he used three more times.
''He walks, but not always steadily.
The resistance to President Clinton's nomination of Zoe Baird to be Attorney General in 1993 had nothing to do with moralism, hypocrisy or a desire to punish working mothers.
A year later, he was designing and printing huge runs of catalogues for 47th Street Photo.
The first blow came late last summer after both houses of the State Legislature approved a bill in June that would have given the county government the power to reassess all Westchester property and set up a system where businesses would pay a higher tax rate than homeowners.
This debacle originated in New York as well as in Jakarta, Bangkok, Seoul and Tokyo.
Putting an exclamation point on the widely held view of the Angels' action, Bud Selig, the acting commissioner, issued a statement outlining Major League Baseball's drug policy, saying it had been followed in Phillips's case and concluding, ''The Anaheim Angels embarked on their own course of action'' that the panel rejected.
A woman who had been in the Steinway Street station ran outside and flagged down Officer Victor Flores from the 114th Precinct, who was in his patrol car at Steinway Street and Broadway, a crossroads for furniture, bridal-gown and automobile-glass stores.
With more than 400 posters, the show is a marathon, but worth it (Smith).
But Mr. Rozelle told her it was a serious matter and to stay in her room.
Mr. Langan had been identified as the speaker by a co-defendant at a previous trial.
But this time it is emerging as a more complex and, in many ways, a more attractive creature.
''He did it on the boards.
''It's detail,'' Mr. Jones explained.
Gedale B. Horowitz, Chairman David R. Dantzker, M.D., President and CEO BURROWS-Selig.
Well, I was wrong because I began Point of View and no one jumped in.
It's something that has a function and that embodies certain ideals.
The violence continued unabated even after the authorities released Abassi Madani, a leader of the banned Islamic Front, on July 15.
With a few notable exceptions, Republicans and Democrats alike share the blame for pawing at campaign reform legislation rather than pushing it.
Senator Edward M. Kennedy, Democrat of Massachusetts, said the bill was unconstitutional because, contrary to Supreme Court rulings, it would not allow the procedure to protect the health of the woman.
''I fail to see why Connecticut, the home of so many respected schools that would honor their promises, should endorse such sharp practices and create a climate in this state that will have a chilling effect on gifts to its educational institutions.''
In this volume, he seems to have internalized Adams's skeptical regard for Jefferson.
By the same token, though, fat and happy Americans seem all too ready to forget that dependence on the Japanese trade surplus is mutual.
''Good for dead last,'' he said.
But the Smiths are among the leading stock producers in this part of East Texas.
While some works in the show reach toward art through a denial of function and the questions that elicits.
As a struggling young lawyer, he turned to writing fiction, which is what one of his law professors at the University of Mississippi had suggested in the first place.
''You don't have a lot of new hot acts.
Officials at the Office of Management and Budget said they would meet with officials from other Federal agencies, interest groups, demographers, planners and social scientists to work out a policy for counting people who list themselves as members of more than one race.
With far fewer coyotes around, there are many more rodents available to other predators.
The bride, 34, is the evening news anchor at Newschannel 8, a cable news station in Springfield, Va. She graduated from the University of Minnesota.
In his role as Microsoft's chief standard-bearer and mascot, Mr. Gates can certainly use it.
Now, try the test with a Helmut Lang.
Steve Loucks, director of communications for the American Society of Travel Agents in Washington, said that the organization had no position on the use of prison labor.
He said that having been persecuted himself by the security agency, he had no intention of letting it engage in political repression.
Ms. Morgan appeared to urge the railroads to devise a solution that would provide a competitive balance in the East before any merger proposal comes before her agency.
Most dealers and traders had reasoned that the economic turmoil in Asia and low inflation here would keep the Fed sidelined.
At company-owned restaurants, the average price for a hamburger is now 65 cents.
She didn't like ''La Forza del Destino'' much, either.
Mr. Leonard was always ready to offer a contrasting point of view.
He said a superintendent or Board of Education could determine that a home-educated child is a full-time student under an alternative program that fully complies with conference rules.
This may account for an increase in religious observance across the country, and it may also account for the popularity of books like William Bennett's ''Book of Virtues,'' he said.
And that's what the I.M.F.
It's very clear now that we want to continue the job growth that Mayor Giuliani has created, where tourism is at record levels, Wall Street is going well.''
Now, beginning with ''Con Air,'' Mr. Bruckheimer's first film after the breakup, he is determined not to repeat past mistakes.
This ''Ring'' is principally a musical rather than a scenic glory, and its roots are in the pit.
Since then, the city has stepped up its battle against the Port Authority.
More than two years after Oklahoma City, the Federal Government has not passed laws, hardly discussed them, that would help protect American society from the ''militia'' and ''patriot'' movements preaching and carrying out terrorism and insurrection.
Westchester County, for example, with about 900,000 residents and a 1,605-bed jail complex, was paid $3.2 million in 1996 to house an average of 85 Federal prisoners a day, Luke Smith, Deputy Commissioner of the Westchester County Department of Corrections, said.
Each play is based on a different Shakespeare sonnet, and the company intends to bring the production to New York next June.
Fifty-four percent of House members were first elected in 1992 and later, and Republicans won control of the House in 1994.
Kf7 37 Qg8 mate) 37 Qb8!, there was no point in 37 .
He was to remain in advertising, writing copy about fertilizer, potato chips and air travel for nearly six years, confining his poetry writing to evenings and weekends.
Although in most places the program is an unobtrusive and popular success, at the schools Crew visited he invariably encountered a media herd and celebrity handlers, which were accompanying the more famous of the principals on their rounds: Tipper Gore, Johnnie Cochran and Crew's friend Bill Cosby.
are connected to more than 700 other computing centers, banks, and merchants around the country.
But the Nasdaq composite index, which contains a concentration of small companies and technology stocks, managed to eke out a gain of 0.61 point, to 1,639.86.
This way one property owner wouldn't have an advantage over another.''
Mr. Guerrero left the bedroom and returned with a pocket knife.
Moreover, Indonesia continues to benefit from strong export growth, running about 9 percent a year, while Thailand's exports were flat.
[The controversy may now be helping a show that has been struggling for viewers in its Thursday night slot opposite the NBC hit ''Friends.''
For example, an unsigned gold and enamel compact expected to bring $1,200 to $1,800, was sold to a European buyer for $690 at William Doyle's ''Important Estate Jewelry'' sale in Manhattan on Wednesday.
The Austrian authorities said today that they had suspended barge traffic on a 60-mile stretch of the Danube between Linz and Krems because of high water levels after days of torrential rains.
The clash between a strong-willed owner and a manager or head coach is nothing unfamiliar to the sports world.
''I'm just so happy,'' she said.
Dr. Gorlin was known for his compassionate as well as expert care of patients, and he was recognized worldwide for his numerous outstanding contributions to the diagnosis and management of cardiovascular disease.
If all goes well, Surveyor will still be mapping Mars when the next pair of exploring craft arrive there in 1999, and its maps should be available in selecting the sites for robotic landings there by missions launched in 2001 and 2003.
Leading actor, mini-series or special: Armand Assante, ''Gotti,'' HBO.
''We talked to him about a minor league contract with the chance to make the club and make incentives to get him back to a respectable salary,'' said General Manager BOB WATSON of the Yankees.
Pilsudski, winner of last year's Breeders' Cup Turf at Woodbine in Canada, and this year's Eclipse at Sandown, finished second, followed by Helissio, ridden by the American Cash Asmussen.
Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing was up 3 1/2, to 90, and Boeing was up 3/4, to 106 1/4, after the aerospace company announced plans for a 2-for-1 stock split.
Through all the activity, she manages to pay exacting attention to her guests' whims.
But snippets from the ''Titanic'' special will be presented on video monitors in the lobbies of some theaters playing James Cameron's film ''Titanic'' (opening Friday).
His most recent book, published in 1990, was a memoir, ''Wandering Knights: China Legacies Lived and Recalled.''
He won't reveal how he created the sound of the mimic's squashed entrails.
The truth is that it is not.
Some tried to capitalize on their relationship with Mr. Clinton, who has said as Governor and then as President that he asked few questions about what his old friends were doing.
For John C. Malone, to whom a day without a deal is like a day without sunshine, August certainly had its sunny moments.
He is survived by two sons, Geoffrey of Rhode Island and Brendan of Oberlin, Ohio; a daughter, Amanda, of Bolivia; his companion Massumeh Farhad of Washington; his mother, Martha Ravenhill of Lindale, Tex., and two brothers, Paul of Lindale, and David of Harbor, Wash.
''We weren't inviting drug smugglers and arms dealers into intimate gatherings and dialing for dollars from Federal property,'' she added in an allusion to complaints about Mr. Clinton's fund-raising.
''Life is tough,'' said Mr. Barr, a former Federal prosecutor.
A photograph taken of Imelda Ritua soon after she immigrated to the United States from her native Manila in October 1994 shows her in a striped jersey, beaming.
''But for David, this case would not have been solved,'' Mr. Bisceglie said.
He said it should not be tried with people over 65, those with a history of heart, lung, kidney or neurological diseases or patients with severe injuries or damage to major organs.
''From what I understand, there was a very, very significant number of people in the flume ride,'' said Hue Eichenberger, executive vice president for Premier Parks, the owner of the park.
''We agree that kids shouldn't smoke and shouldn't have access to cigarettes,'' he said.
But a spokesman for the State Department of Agriculture and Markets stressed that the disease was not the same influenza that people contracted from chickens in Hong Kong recently, causing three deaths there this month.
''It was only on the last day that we got permission for the Palestinian girls to go to Tel Aviv,'' said Ms. Feldman, who spent a frantic week talking to Israeli journalists and diplomats to try to win an exemption for camp participants.
The sources for these include an 1840 letter written by an Irish woman named Mary McCarthy; a 1773 poem by Phyllis Wheatley, the first black female poet to be published in America, and reminiscences and impressions from a Holocaust survivor, a Chinese doctor and people born in Poland, Russia and Lithuania.
This year alone, through June, $4.1 billion has left long-term municipal bond funds; last year these funds saw net outflows of $6.3 billion.
3, and the investor Warren E. Buffett at No.
Another points to a Liverpool haberdashery selling arriving sailors an entire shore outfit.
After American investors had the night to think it over, enough of them were willing to invest to halt the fall in prices not long after the market opened for trading.
Moderately ill patients forget his advice and become angry when relatives take their car keys.
''Haley Barbour is one of the key access lobbyists in Washington,'' said Ronald Shaiko, academic director of the Lobbying Institute teaching program at American University.
Ichiro Ozawa, who was re-elected head of New Frontier just before he decided to disband it, argued that the party was too broad to be coherent.
Mr. Martin knew the President well enough, Mr. Alexander said, and simply laughed.
Put in the oven and bake 45 minutes, until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean.
he voiced many key words in English -- ''integrated circuits .
Despite strong objections from Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani's appointees, the board of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority voted yesterday to award a $95 million data processing contract to a subsidiary of a company tied to previous corruption scandals.
George Goodstadt, the owner, is a reservoir of information about posters and their creators.
''We've got 20 guys pulling together.''
A week later, though, Faces and the film makers were on a path deeper into the subject, and less in control, than they ever expected.
They have sold some 20,400 season tickets for their Division I-AA debut, which their head coach, Jim Leavitt, said is ''about in the middle of the pack for I-A schools.''
And in the year since his death, he has been showered with the accolades he had always dreamed of.
''In fact I think we are at it.''
In a large saucepan, bring the chicken stock to a simmer.
right in the middle of the famous tombstone burial ground.''
As if that were not enough of a stunner, Tampa Bay struck again 4:18 later, this time after defenseman Ulf Samuelsson was whistled for roughing.
For example, Mr. Paterson announced his candidacy in a news release a month ago, refuting indications in an article in The New York Post that he had yielded to Ms. Fields and dropped out of the race.
''When the case comes along,'' she said, '' when it hits, it may well be the big one.''
''Maybe five or six performances, and that would be it.''
The guy is always swimming upstream.''
Its sales force now has 8,406 brokers, ranked third after Merrill Lynch and Smith Barney.
Crude oil fell 53 cents, or 2.8 percent, to $18.14 a barrel, the lowest since Feb. 12, 1996, after the Iraqi Foreign Minister said he had submitted a new plan to United Nations representatives in Iraq for the distribution of food and medicine paid for with the oil sales, traders said.
''And they can be solved with the correct bed or chair.''
In changes that would have been unthinkable a decade ago, lay people are leading parishes in Chicago, pastors are working in two parishes, and priests are being asked to delay retirements.
He picked staccato single-note bullets, strummed for a quiet, glassy second with his thumb, arpeggiated a quick, enfolded clump of notes, and breezed through progressions by sliding a single chord position around the neck.
Daneyko, who was named the Devils' candidate for the Masterton Trophy for ''perseverance, sportsmanship and dedication to hockey,'' was apparently just being given a rest before the playoffs.
On the entertainment and retail complex known as E Walk, being planned by the Tishman Urban Development Corporation at 42d Street and Eighth Avenue, supersigns may bring in annual gross revenues between $5 million and $7 million.
Nor did Chang blame the flag-waving, drum-beating, bell-ringing battalion of Swedish sympathizers among the record sellout crowd of 11,558.
''It wouldn't allow you to avoid the problem.''
Microsoft was one of the companies that resisted when the Financial Accounting Standards Board tried to force companies to take the cost of options into account.
''On Tibet,'' he said, ''this is a rather complex question.
by Claudia Dreifus, Dec. 15).
But analysts predicted the fallout for Mr. Cardoso -- who faces re-election next year -- would be minimized, given the sense of urgency spurred by the financial crisis.
That gives professionals a new learning curve, too.
''He was seen as a kind of model in the business,'' said Bill Vlcek, a spokesman for the California Funeral Directors Association.
''With all the 're-canonization,' Shakespeare responds to every kind of post-modern question,'' Professor Bevington said.
Another man, Jose Garcia, 24, who said he was in the club at the time, also said that the officers did not identify themselves as they chased the suspect into the back room.
But that is beginning to happen, and with increasing frequency.
Post-modernism, ''with its sad air of the parade's gone by,'' in Arlene Croce's choice phrase, started out as a constructive movement.
Simply say no, and write laws to ban it.
Prince describes the encouragement he got from Leonard Bernstein and Richard Rodgers when he was starting out as a director.
They are still surviving on corn meal dinners.
Officials involved in the talks said Mr. Kabila invoked fears of being assassinated in Gabon, which has French military bases and has close ties with Paris.
When users ''find out that it's cheaper and more accessible, crack will fall to the side,'' he said.
Mr. Vincent said he is most proud of his work to increase minority representation in baseball management.
Three years later, the success of ''Seven'' rejuvenated his career and also attracted the interest of Mr. Douglas.
No estimates were available for the spending on Pepsi's campaign.
The 15-year plan assumed that at some point during the period most people would retire their old televisions and buy new ones anyway, so the transition would not present a hardship.
Just last week, he promised not to attack the camp at all.
Geoff Baker, a friend, said the cause was cancer of the esophagus.
''What we are striving for is somewhere between Nuremberg and Pretoria,'' said Porfirio Munoz Ledo, the powerful leader of the leftist congressional caucus of the Party of the Democratic Revolution, or P.R.D.
Massachusetts is already following the Federal Government's example.
''I never really dated,'' she said.
The New York investment banking firm has an option, which can be exercised in June, to repurchase the shares now held by ING Barings.
''It is the sycophancy of older Austrians that I most dislike,'' she pronounces.
Dennis Rivera, president of 1199, New York City's largest union of hospital workers, used his considerable influence in Democratic politics to press the Federal Government to block Mr. Pataki's Medicaid plan until it was changed to his liking, say officials involved in yearlong negotiations.
He hauled down 14 rebounds to go with his 13 points and 4 blocked shots.
He also became active in the Alabama branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, serving as its leader in Birmingham and, from 1947 to 1955, as president of the state organization.
The show, which has been touring since Nov. 29, moves to Montreal for one week after Wallingford.
From a panorama of Italian cheeses, we enjoyed several pecorinos, then two fairly simple desserts that took advantage of seasonal produce -- a torta di pere (pear puree between crusts of amaretto cookies) and custardlike cold zabaglione coated with finely chopped hazelnuts and chocolate sauce.
Under the plan, interest income from the fund would be used for the benefit of Holocaust survivors and other humanitarian causes.
Right now, it's the opposite.''
''But the real feeling of identity is this country.
What about all the accusations before South Africa's Truth and Reconciliation Commission about how Mrs. Mandela ordered political opponents killed?
I said: 'What do you mean?
Peregrine Systems Inc., San Diego, an initial public offering of 3 million shares.
He walked on a metal crutch and had X-rays before the game, and now will return to New York.
24 at VIRGINIA 4-2 Last week, Florida State gained 489 yards passing and 587 yards over all while holding a good Georgia Tech team to 144 yards in total offense and eight first downs.
The incident occurred shortly after 10 on Sunday night.
Some have been held for nearly five and a half years without charge.
In this case, however, all sides found a common purpose.
The others placed their folding chairs in a row and watched.
Now you and the public are struggling to understand what the E.P.A.
It didn't look good, especially since the institute had made a special effort to raise the level of the competitors this year by inviting some of the better-known musicians who fit the competition's criteria.
It is this smoke that bastes the food above and gives it the characteristic flavor of outdoor cooking.
The violence could make it impossible for what is essentially a military Government controlled by the Tutsi minority to heal the rift with the Hutu majority, rebuild the economy and move the nation toward democracy.
But foster parents, who care for the vast majority of foster children, will not receive any additional money even though they, too, suffered a 15 percent cut three years ago.
A lawyer in New Haven representing the insurance company, George O'Brien, says: ''There was no retaliation against her, and the proceedings of the C.H.R.O.
He had only one this season and felt it hurt the team's effort against Buffalo.
How the body heals itself.
Republicans also got more in capital gains reductions than had been clear on Sunday.
Are pitchers taking control of the game back from the hitters?
High Hopes at Temple ''We have a good football team,'' said Temple Coach Ron Dickerson, referring to a victory over Boston College, a 10-point loss to Virginia Tech and a decent first half against Penn State.
The program covers uninsured patients.
Woodson continued: ''The new way of doing business in the N.F.L.
It's a fight over university governance and the use of limited resources.''
Mr. Becker, who was an amateur boxer as a young man, has a relationship with Deepak that resembles that of the seasoned boxing manager guiding the fortunes of the talented young prize fighter.
A. I do a complete three-generation family history, which we call a pedigree.
Florida 21, Southern Miss 6 Quarterback Doug Johnson, replacing the Heisman Trophy winner Danny Wuerffel, passed for two touchdowns and ran for another, but No.
I emphasize that the decision will not be based on any influence by any country.''
''Certainly the Vice President made a lot of phone calls raising money, hard money and soft money,'' said Senator Don Nickles, an Oklahoma Republican on the Governmental Affairs Committee.
It will be developed using $85 million in bond financing by the Related Companies of Manhattan on another riverfront parcel in Battery Park City.
Lines are cut into or scratched on a metal plate; ink fills the grooves (and hence is under the surface), while the plate's surface is wiped clean.
ROBERT L. R. MUNDEN Austin, Tex., June 9, 1997
The question is whether his death is merely a private tragedy or a sign of espionage.
Avalon's costs for land acquisition, architectural, legal and engineering fees have exceeded $6 million.
''If any president has been respectful of our domestic life, its been President Clinton,'' Mr. Zedillo said.
With such authority, he can negotiate trade deals that Congress can approve or reject, but cannot amend.
Perhaps athletes should hold their own Million Man March, gather to affirm, reaffirm, repudiate, once and for all what they thought they stood for and what they do in fact stand for.
The new recommendations, called Dietary Reference Intakes, represent a shift in beliefs about the importance of a healthy diet in preventing illness.
''The thing that is so impressive is the high priority that education has in all Korean families,'' Mr. Laney said.
''It's helped me tremendously to see what that's really like.''
Although the room is huge, it is usually so packed that I have watched eager eaters struggle through the throngs to beg the hostess for a table.
Artists like Patra use their sexual prowess as a weapon against the lewd onslaughts of male stars.
For the bulk of customers, the plan's architects had alternative relief in mind.
Proponents have argued that would lower the spreads available to investors, something that will be accomplished anyway if sixteenths and even thirty-seconds become widespread.
Finally able to open last March, the circus was forced to close after seven weeks last May because of poor attendance -- once they had to cancel a performance when only 10 people showed up in a tent with a seating capacity of 1,600.
''I was more interested in the story than the author's background.
More recently, Mr. Freeh has taken direct responsibility for the F.B.I.
The build-to-order computers are assembled by three outside manufacturers.
It will first estimate how much consumers will pay, then design products to sell at that price.
In a 1989 interview, he said that Judaism taught him that ''you must share good fortune, not just to the needy, but to society,'' and the museum benefited from his generosity.
Start where the championship series ended, with Fernandez, who was not supposed to start until he drilled second baseman Bip Roberts with a line drive in batting practice, and who then ripped his first homer in 133 post-season at-bats.
Besides, indexing one part of the tax code without indexing the rest can produce some decidedly odd results.
Mr. Feeney also declined to take a deduction on his personal income taxes for the money he gave to the foundations, in order to preserve the secrecy.
The company also included Caryn Heilman, Rachel Berman, Andrew LeBeau, Takehiro Ueyama, Terry Pexton and Maureen Mansfield.
His upper notes these days are at risk, but he attacks them decisively, turning a vocal struggle into a musical one.
His secretary, nurse and lawyer are all dead, as is the police chief who investigated the doctor and ultimately charged him, not with selling babies, but with running an abortion clinic.
Still, Ms. Kennedy rationalizes that working with Mr. Volpe wasn't as risky as not using an adviser.
Visitors can cook 18th-century foods in the Governor's Palace kitchen, sew 18th-century clothing or try their hands at such trades as coopering, basket and carpentry.
''We think a good share of the welfare people will not necessarily be the first ones laid off,'' he said.
''You also go to schmooze,'' said Joseph Gurrera, the owner of Citarella on the Upper West Side.
The ponytailed blonde (highlighted) delicately lifts stray tendrils off her sweaty cheeks.
Stanley Geller, the same lawyer who successfully argued Aguilar v. Felton, was back before the Court today, sparring gamely with Justice Scalia and evincing no dismay at hearing the Justice describe his clients' position on the separation of church and state as ''rigid'' and ''absolutist.''
New materials drive sneaker fashions.
(+) 4 2 11 PERSONAL HISTORY, by Katharine Graham.
Sivan Aziz, 13, got up to see her classmates on the ground.
Even though Ms. Tharp has adapted to a wide variety of dancers, her works consistently show her trademark fluency, startling acrobatics and abrupt, often witty, rhythmic changes.
From the mid-1930's, Arms's work begins to assume the substantial presence of a photograph.
6 5 INVASION, by Robin Cook.
Mr. Wright's letter questioned whether there would be ''a noticeable difference'' in effectiveness between the two systems, adding, ''At this juncture, we feel strongly that the additional labels merely add to parents' confusion.''
Yes, Leetch leads all N.H.L.
Miss Grigsby, Tzu-Yu Su, Elizabeth Williams and Mr. Grenke occasionally run into a wall rather than fall off it in ''Humpty-Dumpty.''
Smith: How far were you from the ship?
The Attorney General of New Jersey can't remember if he met with one of his division directors just two weeks earlier?
But more and more Tory members of Parliament and even some of his ministers have been saying that joining should be absolutely ruled out.
AT the annual meeting of Charles Schwab & Company last month, an angry investor had a pointed question for the company's founder: Why wasn't the Technology Value fund, the top performer among all American mutual funds over the last three years, available through Schwab's One Source program, the no-fee mutual fund supermarket for individual investors?
I will run this city on the issues, on the issues that matter to all of us.
Federal officials say they are intensely investigating whether Mr. Carey encouraged or participated in the illegal fund-raising schemes.
She wanted ''to take the hardness out of photography,'' to make it softer, less literal.
The European telecommunications market is to be largely deregulated next year, creating new competition in countries that have been the domain of national monopolies.
It remains unclear how anyone could have primed him to sabotage the commission a year before it was even created.
One of his biggest confrontations came in 1982 when President Ronald Reagan wanted to raise taxes and the chamber's chairman, Paul Thayer of the LTV Corporation, supported him, along with a majority of the board.
Likewise, although Louvish claims that Fields's deficient personal life gave his characters their sting (''Uncle will give you some nice razor blades to play with,'' Elmer Prettywillie says to a baby in ''It's the Old Army Game''), he also reveals that Fields's miserable marriage had its soft side.
There is a $19.95 three-course dinner on Sunday evenings, but even at other times the tab will not blow the budget.
After playing 13 of their first 21 games on the road, including a stretch of 8 of 10, the Nets (12-10) are finally getting a bit of a break from the schedule.
The Palladium nightclub attracted the beautiful people.
We spent an afternoon in Kinderhook (''children's corner'' in Dutch), which was named by Henry Hudson when he saw Mohawk children on the banks of the river.
Recently the area even got its own Greenmarket.
Its performance has been mediocre, at best.
First, the charter plane that was to bring the Wildcats here from Tucson was five hours late on Thursday after being grounded in Vancouver.
Justice Antonin Scalia, dissenting, said the Maine law was so ''reasonable'' that it did not violate the established Commerce Clause principle against discriminatory state laws.
So you can sit over there and yell and scream all you want.'
She and Mr. Padron, who operates a closeout business, would not want their apartment's outside perimeter breeched.
Senator Trent Lott of Mississippi, the Republican leader, said today he hoped that a final Senate vote could be taken next Tuesday.
Did ordinary Germans cooperate in conducting the Holocaust?
The two also excel at racquet sports: Mr.
Continental would have charged me only $447 for a nonstop flight from New York to Cancun, with only a one-week advance purchase; surely, that would have beaten all the stops and starts, even if the UPS Airlines plane had more room and better food.
A more pernicious factor is the explosive growth in child pornography that feeds the demand for children as sexual objects.
(The ''best first draft I have ever read,'' he says, means is that it is ''the first of many drafts.'').
In his current post, he manages 85 percent of the department as chief of operations.
But thanks to Chris Childs, New York escaped with a victory.
He said the Jets' second-half collapses (they blew six leads after halftime) had nothing to do with their health.
Carolina converted that turnover into a 22-yard field goal by John Kasay and went ahead by 10-7.
Trills flutter, mocking but tender.
''I think movies are fun, but I'm not doing this for fun,'' he said.
said Randall Balmer, a professor of religion at Barnard College.
There are also pictures of fashion models surrounded by birds.
The Mexican military accepts little congressional oversight, however, and it is unlikely that General Cervantes would respond to the senator's request.
He is, on the golf course, a killing machine, a player who wants only to win, and he has the player of the year in his cross hairs.
Mr. Buffett has told stockholders that Berkshire would operate under new management, according to the principles he has long followed.
So I eagerly seek out magazine and newspaper articles purporting to take the mystery (to say nothing of the wrinkled clothes) out of packing.
But Gale hasn't the same deep and tangled ties to Team New Zealand that Halcrow has.
''The only jobs listed were picking shrimp or working in a warehouse for six or seven bucks an hour,'' he reported.
''Tax reform was in style last year,'' observed Donald C. Alexander, an Internal Revenue Commissioner in the 1970's and now a tax lawyer at Aiken, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld.
She took away my 17-year-old baby for nothing.
At his briefing with reporters today, Michael D. McCurry, the White House press secretary, strongly defended Mr. Emanuel's sharp words.
Team Wins Relay A United States team defeated the Santa Monica Track Club team anchored by Carl Lewis in the 400-meter relay at the Zipfer Grand Prix meet yesterday in Linz, Austria.
They also say that Rockwell used employment tests to ''screen out a class of individuals perceived to have disabilities.''
He also said Mr. Kaczynski had written the letters expressing his concerns about his lawyers some time before the defense sent them to the judge on Dec. 18.
But while Brown will benefit from this draft, he has few excuses left.
Cherished grandmother of Steven and wife Melissa, Elizabeth, David and Darren.
At the moment, the prize catch is Madonna, whose sole theatrical credit, ''Speed-the-Plow,'' provides the necessary fig leaf.
General Banzer received 115 votes, 40 more than he and his Vice President, Jorge Quiroga, needed to take office for a five-year term.
The three-night cruise sails from San Juan and calls at St. Thomas and St. Maarten, while the four-night cruise includes calls at both those ports and St. Croix.
NASA plans to deliver a spare oxygen generator aboard the space shuttle Atlantis during its mission next month to pick up Mr. Linenger.
Once Sales settled down, she became UConn's high scorer with 22 points and had 10 rebounds, 4 steals and 3 assists.
The astounding result was the Nets' allowing 21-4 and 27-2 runs as they fell apart against the Portland Trail Blazers and the Los Angeles Lakers.
We report the news independently.
You want diskettes and CD's handy, but designers almost never provide good places to keep them.
Thinner McDonald's Earnings Slow domestic sales and the strong dollar overseas contributed to a less-than-expected 1.9 percent earnings gain in the third quarter for McDonald's.
Wait more than that, and liability climbs to $500.
No receipts have to be produced.
''It is the 35,000 instances where people asked me for my help, and I helped them, instances where I made Government responsive to the people,'' he said.
''So there are these needs that have to be weighed and counter-balanced,'' he said.
Even so, he has learned what it's like to feel like one.
We got it five minutes before the meeting.''
Bouquets of joss sticks are close by, though the mass graves are actually elsewhere in the village.
''Let's remember the genesis of the debt,'' Mr. Lynn added.
Rick Hooker, a managing partner at Pile & Company in Boston, a consulting company hired to help manage the review, identified the finalists as: Ingalls in Boston; the Martin Agency in Richmond, owned by Interpublic, and Mullen Advertising in Wenham, Mass.
Nashua's stock rose $1.25 yesterday, to $12.6875.
The British were also leery of stirring resentment among big-city Irish politicians whose support Roosevelt counted on.
Griffey has been bothered by a tight right hamstring since June 25, hitting only .221 (21 for 95).
Ms. Haus said she knew nothing about the status of those talks.
Will Mr. Dertouzos's smell generators create odors in virtual worlds?
So President Clinton sails on majestically.
The exhilaration of the thing done (by Turner) matches the awfulness of the thing seen.
The critic Mindy Aloff described the Kistler faction, ''knotted around the weekly casting sheets in the lobby'' of the State Theater, running ''their index fingers approvingly under the lines bearing her name.''
''In North Carolina, there were about 20 basic plants,'' Mr. Avent said.
I'm more of a mother figure, I guess.
In the folk tale, a girl pursues her runaway mate -- a little white goat -- through thicket and bramble till finally, with the aid of witchcraft, she catches him again, returned to human form.
Gruntal, which ranks 60th in size among the nation's stock brokerage companies, and has offices in several cities, had been in a period of corporate turmoil at the time that the six women said they were harassed.
On the same day last month that AT&T introduced C. Michael Armstrong as its new chairman, the company also said that it would sell its credit card and contract customer-service units.
It was at Ocean Beach in 1981 that Mr. Shapiro met Elaine Pearl, when her family, like Mr. Shapiro's, had a summer place (which they still have) not far from the boardwalk.
We extend our deepest sympathty to his family.
Parcells pointed out that eight running plays were called among the first 20 Jet plays Sunday.
''Cuba comes up on our radar scope as a much higher priority than before,'' Mr. Axworthy said in an interview on Tuesday.
The project would absorb more than $1 billion from the renewal of the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act, known as ISTEA, and pronounced ''ice tea.''
In truth, he went on, patients run very low risks; the greater risk is that for the health workers.
In this case, it's the guests at a church wedding who register their opinion of the story's contrived romance.
The company, which provides cancer diagnoses and maintains an extensive cancer data base, has reported profits for the last 13 quarters, Mr. Cassis said.
The police would not provide details of the events that preceded the stabbing.
Wilson Boit Kipketer of Kenya shattered the 3,000-meter steeplechase record with a time of 7:59.08 and Haile Gebrselassie of Ethiopia completed the threesome by smashing his own 5,000 record with a time of 12:41.86, improving on his 1995 mark of 12:44.39.
Then he said, ''This is what happens when that grace gets violated,'' and sang ''Balboa Park,'' which is about San Diego child prostitutes.
Also shaping miniature golf since the mid-1980's has been the growth of family-entertainment centers, teaming the greens with video-game rooms, driving ranges, batting cages and other sports activities.
It works fine once you get it started.
University of Medicine & Dentistry of New Jersey, five-year public university, 1.8 percent.
''Arthur couldn't get up to get the ball.
The performance focus, she added, told them ''that the car does exactly what you need it to do when you need it to do it, which gives you peace of mind.''
The surviving 4,627 shares (owned by about 2,000 stockholders) recently split 1,000 for 1, creating 4.6 million shares, worth 2.5 cents each.
GARY ZIMMERMAN, an All-Pro offensive tackle, has told his friends and the Denver Broncos that he is retiring, saying the wear and tear of an 11-year National Football League career has caught up with him.
Orza said the public doesn't hear about most cases, noting that 85 percent of them are settled ''with no fanfare.''
''But he still needs help; we still need money.
Doc Watson with Gillian Welch (June 13); Shawn Colvin with Iris DeMent (June 14); Leon Russell with Commander Cody (June 15); Staple Singers with Sista Monica (June 20); L.A. Express (June 21); John McLaughlin with Joey DeFrancesco (June 22); John Denver (June 26-27); Richard Thompson with Loudon Wainwright 3d (June 28); Trisha Yearwood (June 29); Michelle Shocked (July 3); Avner the Eccentric (July 5); Little Richard (July 6); Ani DiFranco (July 17); Diane Schuur with David Benoit (July 18); Booker T. Jones with James Cotton (July 19); Anne Murray (July 20); Wynonna (Aug. 29-30); Pointer Sisters (Aug. 30).
Thomas J. Abinanti, a Democratic County Legislator and a supporter of Ms. Naughton, praised the challenger for having the ''right focus for a D.A.
Or he's a tough guy, staging a massacre in ''Smooth Criminal.''
The first, invariably delivered in a truculent tone, is: ''Whoever said the results were official?''
For the more sophisticated there is an underpinning of wit.
''My guess is that those who disagree are disappointed suitors.''
Lebanese officials said five people were wounded, including three civilians.
Crew has been there for less than a year and it has been very successful,'' Mr. Victor said.
But earlier this month it happened.
But the impasse, Episcopal academics and religious leaders say, has set the stage for a previously unheard-of challenge to a bishop's authority.
Nobu follows Vong from New York to London.
Kurt R. Bauer, a son of Margaret Hamstead of Schenectady, N.Y., and Ralph L. Bauer of Nashua, N.H.
BOWERY GALLERY, 121 Wooster Street, near Prince Street.
In Tokyo's Suginami Ward, more than 80 residents living near a year-old waste relay station have complained of difficulty breathing and numbness in limbs, and a few have been hospitalized.
Infertility experts said they were greatly encouraged.
Rider, who stands to lose about $105,000 for missing the first two games of the season, and Iverson, who would be docked roughly $39,000 for Philadelphia's opener, met with league officials during the past several weeks to discuss the incidents.
At a recent meeting of 130 Charleston Republicans, one, Lou Mintz, offered a resolution that called on the party to apologize to Mr. Schwacke and his family.
But Bruce Steinberg, an economist at Merrill Lynch, notes that changes in the difference in yields between the two kinds of securities could prove a useful indicator of inflation expectations.
Malcolm had been living with his grandmother intermittently since early 1995 after his mother was indicted on charges of plotting to kill Louis Farrakhan, the leader of the Nation of Islam, whom Betty Shabazz had accused of playing a role in Malcolm X's assassination.
is tall and quick, a race horse of a basketball team.
It looked like he had a fear of the batters hitting the ball.''
There are now about 43,000 more city residents with jobs than was the case in June, when the city's unemployment rate peaked at 10 percent, said James Brown, an analyst for the State Labor Department.
The dispute is in the hands of lawyers.
As for Jones, the crowds discovered him today, too.
Though radio and television executives say they are trying to address a wider range of viewpoints, they deny that changes are intended to address the complaints of conservatives.
Changes at Fidelity Fidelity Investments has named new portfolio managers for several Select funds.
In the deal announced yesterday, the UAL Corporation, parent of United Airlines, is selling its 77 percent stake in Apollo Travel Services for $539 million.
Before the soldiers left his whitewashed mud-and-wattle home, they smashed his wheelchair.
When Aziz initially walked into Bellevue Hospital, it was at the birth of New York's first such clinic.
Free House came back from his third-place finish in the Belmont to win the Swaps.
The Pentagon's repeated public assurances after the war that it had no evidence of chemical exposures held up research that might have provided gulf war veterans with at least an explanation of what was responsible for their health problems.
Father of Margaret Hart Espey of Lafayette, CA and Judith Hart Halsema of Karachi, Pakisan.
''We come in two hours out of a day to give you a break and have something to be proud about when you go to another city.''
Opponents of the ban say the method is rarely used and is sometimes needed to maintain a woman's fertility.
This town of 2,400 people, in the Kentucky hills on a tributary of the Ohio River about an hour's drive south of Cincinnati, was one of the hardest hit along the destructive path of the flood of 1997.
A senior Justice Department official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the purpose of an F.B.I.
The commission recommended against the application, and Sprint re-applied for the top of the nearby West Hartford Inn.
Avery, signed in the off season to help offset the free-agent departure of ROGER CLEMENS, is 6-6 with a 6.57 earned run average in 17 starts.
Ms. Flack, who is 58, released her debut album, ''First Take,'' in 1969, but her impact was not really felt until 1972, after the Clint Eastwood film ''Play Misty for Me'' included on its soundtrack her hushed rendition of ''The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face.''
They paid $380,000 for their Jericho house in 1994.
The site promises ''Congress @ your fingertips'' through links to Capitol Hill and details on the legislative process.
The austerity of a SoHo-style gallery space evokes a set of expectations as imperious as they are implicit.
Democrats said the Republicans were showing insensitivity to widows with incomes of $10,000 a year.
In an interview that was published last week, the former Khmer Rouge leader, Pol Pot, who has been tried and imprisoned by his followers, remained unrepentant, saying, ''My conscience is clear.''
A full and glowing retrospective of the work of this major American artist (1922-93) who painted in the spirit of classical modernism.
''The difference between those countries and Switzerland is that in every other country, commissions have been formed and their results will be known very shortly.''
''I guess Mr. Haytaian's response is, if you can't beat them, join them,'' said Daniel J. Weiss, the national political director of the Sierra Club.
Most fans have fond memories not of Washington Park, however, but of Ebbets Field, which may soon be the archetype for a new Shea Stadium.
Cornelius Forster Scholarship Fund, Providence College, Rhode Island.
New York managed to get back one goal before the end of the period.
Soon after Mr. Giuliani spoke, Mr. Harding and Mr. Badillo announced their own effort to end a controversy that Democrats have tried to use to portray the administration as beholden to well-connected lobbyists.
''My parents didn't want me to study,'' she said, although her mother eventually let her attend the local school.
I could easily sit here all night, sipping beer or soju (Korean vodka) between bites of barbecue and tastes of pajun -- and I can't imagine why everyone else in New York hasn't joined me.
That raises the question of what the impact on the ocean depths of a century or two of human-induced global warming might be.
Red Sox 5, White Sox 3 Mike Stanley delivered the game-winning hit for the second consecutive night and Boston survived home runs from Frank Thomas and Albert Belle to beat Chicago at home.
The use of film and tape, coupled with the growth of the international syndication market, made live television seem almost a quaint throwback.
Buffalo's loss was its first in 12 games at home and its second in 17 games over all.
According to the most recent Department of Transportation data for on-time performance, United finished fourth among 10 carriers.
But they had hoped the routine would end three years ago when the Federal Government seized control of the building, the largest single-room-occupancy hotel in New York City, saying the owner had allowed it to be overrun by drug dealers, prostitutes and thieves.
Mr. Lott told a news conference this morning that last September he would have voted against the treaty, but that the Administration's agreement to 28 conditions on ratification this year had made it a close question for him.
In addition, Sir Probyn said, it was important ''to the people of the Caribbean to have a final court of appeal perceived as being untainted by any partisan political considerations.''
Devoted mother of Dorothy Levine Goldstein and Stewart Levine.
The latest skirmish in what officials refer to as the ''border wars'' broke into view on April 11 at a breakfast sponsored by the Association for a Better New York at the New York Hilton Hotel.
In lieu of flowers contributions may be made to the Strang Cancer Prevention Center, 428 E. 72 Street, N.Y.C.
Those included I.B.M., down 3 a share, to 133 3/4; J. P. Morgan, down 3, to 96 7/8, and the Travelers Group, which lost 2 5/8, to 47 1/4.
She also worked on his Democratic Presidential campaigns in 1952 and 1956.
The plaintiffs' lawyers are seeking a $29 million share of the money for legal fees and expenses.
But in his weekly radio address today, taped on Friday night while he was vacationing here on St. Thomas, the President still characterized the problem as an epidemic.
''When I got out on the mound, all the things that I went through in the last six months came to me in a flashback,'' Irabu said.
I think I'd prefer the fallout.
At the point, Childs and Payton began going at each other verbally for several seconds during an out-of-bounds play.
And, at age 27, the prospects of his realizing his dreams and expectations of a great pro career -- of an even commonplace pro career, for that matter -- seem to be growing ever more distant.
From Loro Piana cashmere scarves ($300) to the cashmere gloves ($100) to the cashmere stocking cap ($205), she mixes and matches, experimenting with color and design.
A happy person is probably the sexiest person.
''This was big for us, because we let them beat us up, mentally and physically, for four games in a row.
''It's no accident that most pet insurance was invented by vets, who are jealous of health insurance for people and of the high-price procedures that allows.''
''I am willing to forgive,'' Ms. Fischer said.
True, the tabloids have a great deal of ammunition in their campaign to declare Earl Spencer Public Enemy No.
Instead he became, by his mid-30's, a Pulitzer Prize-winning correspondent for The New York Times.
''Ladies and gentlemen,'' Mr. Conyers said, ''it's too much dough.''
Do you see in there any mention of New Jersey?
His mother, Roberta Weinroth, is a credit and collection specialist at Uniforce, an employment agency in Woodbury, N.Y. His father is a diamond buyer at Frederick Goldman, jewelry manufacturers in New York.
Michael Coy, the general manager of a Pontiac dealership in a suburb of Portland, Ore., said that he had not only sold every Grand Prix shipped to him by the Kansas City factory but had even reached sale agreements for all 12 of the 1997 Grand Prixs that he had been promised by the end of the model year in September.
It is a lie that will have tragic consequences when it collides with the city's prejudice against the Jews.
Confusingly, a single card can have both a Visa or Mastercard logo and the mark of an automated teller machine network like NYCE or MAC.
Though the final result bears no resemblance to his original design, Mr. Otterness is philosophical.
''We had a lot of discussions going on, but this was the only one at this time that made sense for us,'' Dombrowski said, adding that the Marlins can replace Alou in left field with Cliff Floyd.
In younger women, as many as half of all eggs end up with a chromosome too many or one too few, and those eggs rarely develop into a viable embryo.
The Department of Environmental Protection now requires water utilities to test for 80 contaminants, including microbes and inorganic and organic compounds, said a spokeswoman for the department, Amy Collings.
Flyers 3, Sabres 1 In Buffalo, Rod Brind'Amour scored two goals and Garth Snow stopped 26 shots to lead Philadelphia to the victory.
This preview was written by Murray Chass.
Phoenix has also chosen to do something else unusual.
Traveling the morning of a game, he said, ''is definitely tough.
Scarlet Runner, Royalty and Royal Burgundy are widely available.
Pennsylvania is opening its electricity sales to competition for the first time.
From 1973 through 1975, American Film Theater produced a series of motion pictures based on classic and modern plays.
''I wanted to present their best side.
Mr. Prager was born in Long Branch, N.J., and was educated in New York City schools, graduating from Columbia College and Columbia University Law School.
The winners of the annual Rome Prize Competition have been announced by the American Academy in Rome, a center for independent study, research and creative work in the arts and humanities.
Ms. Komisar says the ballot went out prematurely, before she had a chance to collect signatures as a write-in candidate.
Adam Keefe scored 16 for Utah, and Bryon Russell had 13.
But the crisis is more basic.
as those who did not use the program.
I refuse to accept this.
After the notice was received, Cava reversed himself and said that USA Track and Field still declared Slaney eligible to compete while it reviewed its options and procedures.
And she plans on competing against the rest of the world until the Sydney Olympics in 2000, at which time Slaney will be 42 years old.
Jack was a loving husband, father, and grandfather, who took great pride in his son's achievements and commitment on behalf of many charitable organizations.
Levy of Tenafly, N.J., and Dr. Fredrick Lee Coffman, the son of Mr. and Mrs. James V. Coffman of White, Pa., were married in Tenafly yesterday by Mayor Ann A. Moscovitz.
Then I want to go fishing and play with children.
The official said the student had been asked to leave Loyola High School for disciplinary reasons, but school officials could not be reached for confirmation.
This theme was not remote or irrelevant to the author, Bronislaw Geremek, the Polish medievalist who was to play a pivotal role in the Solidarity movement.
But Protestant unionist leaders were quick to criticize Mr. Adams's pledge as inadequate.
(Review: 12/16/94) DAWAT * $(rating: one star$) (212) 355-7555; 210 East 58th Street; $$; all major credit cards Dawat, the stylish Indian restaurant done in gentle hues of peach and blue-green with comfortable tables and attractive lighting, remains a popular choice.
It was built to demonstrate the capability of a new system of high-voltage electron-beam lithography, a technology that will be used to probe matter on a tiny scale.
Mr. Kennedy has been honored by The American Jewish Committee as ''Man Of The Year,'' and in 1989 he was honored by The Dominican Academy as ''A Catholic Gentleman'' for his generosity in constructing the James G. Kennedy Science Center at the school.
''For our Giants and Jets games, every season ticket is sold.
Here, employees said they had alerted their bosses, including those at company headquarters.
Mr. Pataki lessened by $100 million the cut he had sought in state Medicaid spending, but it remains the area where he would make by far the deepest cuts in his $66.2 billion budget for the fiscal year that will begin April 1.
When I was a kid, a great day would be to drive to Brooks Brothers with my father on a Saturday morning, shop and then play some golf.''
Thick tarte Tatin was acceptable.
Mr. Clinton's approach has found little favor in Congress, however, or among the nation's governors.
By comparison, breast self-examinations and Pap smears were discussed in three-quarters of the visits, birth control in more than half and alcohol use in a quarter.
A Nederlander spokesman declined to comment because the issue is the subject of collective bargaining talks.
Now, all of a sudden, it's not a friend.
When the producer Mack Sennett first signed him to a film contract in 1923, he was already 39, a 20-year vaudeville veteran.
In 1.5-mile cross-country races, Gallagher would race to the lead, then stop.
In Woolsey Hall Ms. Shihoten will play Prokofiev's First Concerto with the New Haven Symphony; the group's music director, Michael Palmer, will begin the 8 P.M. program with Samuel Barber's ''Adagio for Strings'' and conclude with Elgar's ''Enigma Variations'' (203-776-1444).
The dollar rose strongly yesterday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the first time in more than two years, a move seen by some currency traders as the first in a series of increases.
The screen flickered on and there he was, confident and proud.
Anyone who crosses the line that he did plays by the rules of the common working man.
Where does Candles get those lovely, large ruby tomatoes at this time of year?
As Denise Sharp, part owner of a pick-your-own fruit-and-vegetable farm, put it: ''It's like living in a state park.
Woody Allen's 1973 movie ''Sleeper'' involved a futuristic world whose leader had left behind his nose for cloning purposes.
And while other adults had violated both common sense and state law in failing to report the abuse, Mr. Stancik asserted that as the principal, Mr. Martinez must ultimately be held responsible.
''You take what is already in the food and you add to it.''
It makes up for its inherent efficiency deficit -- the gaseous diffusion separators now consume as much electricity as a large city -- with cheap energy from private power contracts that will all expire by 2005.
For 15 years beginning in the late 70's, Mr. Faye appeared as one of the talking and dancing fruit in a series of television commercials for Fruit of the Loom.
''In this league this year, the team that plays harder on a given night will win the game,'' Fraschilla said.
That consent decree gave the Government the power to expel union members for associating with organized crime figures and to veto improper expenditures.
Mr. Sharpe's dishes, and his descriptions of them, are the Harlequin's stars.
Their murders may not have caused as many people to suffer a wrenching and publicly demonstrable loss, but isn't the court the place where that sort of thing isn't supposed to matter?
Mr. Kempton demanded to know in a 1984 column for New York Newsday.
''The field goal wasn't a pressure kick.
''I'm just a cook now,'' said Mr. Honoret, who wore jeans and a St. Louis Cardinals baseball cap.
And on most of the songs, the chorus permutates, allowing improvising singers to fill the space between the powerful melodic hooks with jokes, observations and declarations.
When it is sold, Dr. Hermoso hopes to scale down to a condominium without park views -- or the hefty mortgage.
The two also tried to stab Mr. Collazo, who used his Chemical Mace to repel the attackers, Mr. Skyler said.
Main Street is now the place for summertime jazz festivalss, New Year's Eve celebrations and spring flower shows.
Also, a state investigation found similar changes made on the Connecticut Mastery Tests and has concluded that tampering has occurred on at least several years of those tests.
It just installed a so-called 3D Object Printer that uses powdered plastic to contour parts on a honeycomb structure.
She replied, ''O.K., Connor, I'll wear a helmet and a booty pillow.'')
Ritvo offers no conclusions and for the most part she abstains from directive comment or even explicit argument.
CompUSA had announced that 1.5 percent gain on Jan. 2, surprising analysts, who had expected an increase of between 3 percent and 6 percent.
Genetically engineered products are now used on American farms to increase milk production and reduce the amount of herbicides or insecticides used on corn, soybeans, cotton and potatoes.
Return the veal shanks to the casserole, bring to a simmer, cover and put in the oven.
This was how Faces often worked, but the film makers had asked for one change -- they wanted the kids to re-enact their own scenes.
''Reconstructing the Moon,'' her show of glass bird nests, a video of glimmering jellyfish, silver-leafed snowflakes and an ambiguous figure in wax -- half-smiling, yet bloodied -- just closed at the powerful PaceWildenstein in SoHo.
47 last week on Billboard magazine's rhythm and blues chart.
It was a tug-of-war that the Islanders were supposed to win.
When you hear music, you feel it.
STAN HYWET HALL, 714 North Portage Path, Akron, (330) 836-5533.
The wave of mergers in the accounting profession, as Coopers & Lybrand tries to join with Price Waterhouse and as Ernst & Young gets together with KPMG Peat Marwick, multiplies the conflicts and makes questions over whether auditors can remain truly independent from their other roles even more pressing.
''This causes us to worry that after July, protest and freedom of assembly will be attacked unreasonably,'' wrote Ming Pao, a leading newspaper here.
The bald eagle population increased thanks to a ban on DDT and -- more recently -- the release of offspring of domestically raised eagles into the wild, Dr. Niles said.
''Maybe my karma made them warm and fuzzy.''
His critics have also said that he is arrogant.
''I've become less concerned with e.r.a., especially in the American League,'' he said.
Mrs. Zawid, who is a Holocaust survivor, has a free hand with both salt and sugar, and her love of excess extends to the decor; she has cornered the market on tchotchkes.
''I could see how deeply he had been pulled into the realization of this fictional story he had written.''
The Lyman Allyn Museum in New London is a reminder that Postmodernism is basically a state of mind that encourages a mixture of styles.
Anyway, I always thought that being on the radio would be the coolest, most exciting job in the world -- getting paid to play records and talk to people -- I couldn't think of anything better.
The Celtics stayed close for most of the half, forcing an up-tempo pace and pushing the ball up the court.
Mr. Rooney said he would recommend that the insurer pay up immediately if the state agreed to reimburse Utilities Mutual if the award is eventually overturned.
In a recent debate, for example, informationals explained that ''assisted places'' refers to a Government program that provides financial aid to place selected students in a private school and that ''claim of right'' is the Scottish constitutional concept that sovereignty resides in the people, not in the crown.
This is not meant as a criticism.
Ms. Schultz can walk to her job as an administrator at Lesley College while Mr. Schultz can easily commute throughout the region or around the country.
''I have no problem with that.''
To help finance the group's expansion, ''Stomp'' appeared in commercials for Coca-Cola, Toyota and Target Stores.
''Surely the state need not wait for a drug addict, or one inclined to use drugs illegally, to run for or actually become Governor before it installs a prophylactic mechanism,'' the Chief Justice said.
The Bengals' biggest on-field problems have been on defense.
Modern Japanese women may have assimilated all the mores of Western life, including tummy tucks and breast implants to highlight their bodies' curves.
In that incident, the first blast caused no injuries.
For them, you must go to Old Sarum, an Iron Age earthworks in open land two miles north of Salisbury.
''It's O.K.,'' Mr. Donohue said of the current state of affairs at the chamber.
183, which he hopes will open for business by early December.
The anticipation of trades to be announced after the draft was as great as that of the draft itself.
''You can't sit there and let him come at you, let him dictate where he's going to go,'' Childs said after his team took a 2-1 series lead by winning Game 3, 77-73.
''It's possible,'' he said delicately, ''that they are not so honest.''
Santoni, a designer and manufacturer of handmade men's Italian shoes and accessories, is coming to Madison Avenue's designer's row.
In a slow-motion chain reaction, more and more normal prions are reformed into the shape of the abnormal prions, and as this process occurs, the abnormal proteins eat away at the brain.
Does the film maker have any obligation to prevent them from looking bad?
The worst problem occurs when people owing past public assistance or child support try to claim their winnings, and the state seizes a big portion of the funds.
Jewish Americans may have been (and remain) to the left of the American average.
CHICKEN soup may or may not cure the common cold.
The two key elements are the personal concept and unusual use of materials.''
Meanwhile, the Mayor's would-be Democratic opponents are all contending with much the same morale problems as Mr. Ferrer, if not with worse.
An estimated 30,000 spectators will come each day of the tournament to watch 156 of the world's finest golfers compete for $2.5 million or more in prize money.
Mongolian families crowd into the three Howell temples for the Dalai Lama's birthday in June, for their Buddhism is the same as the Tibetans' and each temple is headed by a Tibetan lama and Tibetan monks.
The United States has until March 16 to prepare for its next match, against Canada, to be played in Palo Alto, Calif.
Sonoma County, Calif. About $11.
Now that really is reality.
Instead, he smiled because he had seen his son, Prince, hit before and had seen a similar reaction.
Eighteen holes of ''speed golf'' (30 minutes, 46 seconds) at dawn with Dr. McNeil leave him huffing and puffing.
*New ''constructive sale'' rules aimed at preventing abuses of the law by investors who use a variety of tactics to avoid paying capital gains taxes, even though they have taken in the cash and are no longer subject to possible profits or losses from the investment.
Mr. Belk, who ran the department store chain with his brother, John M. Belk, was one of the few merchants who lived to see his family business remain a private, regional chain, rather than be taken over by a department store conglomerate.
E-mail with a click of a mouse.
It is full of the happiest memories.
''We have our share of incidents where juveniles commit some type of sex offense,'' he said.
The mood was resigned, the crowd subdued.
I found it right away, along with an assortment of reviews from newspapers and magazines.
''This may be a great place for happy hour,'' said Peter Dubose, who lives in Bethesda, Md., and often commutes by Metro to work.
19 among all fund companies, with about $43 billion under management.
Shelter Island, with a year-round population of only 2,300, is a little place.
William F. Weld, the former Governor of Massachusetts, dropped his bid for the Ambassadorship to Mexico and left Washington, dripping with scorn for the capital and for Senator Jesse Helms, the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee who blocked his nomination.
This was partly because it was too busy cleaning up its troubled movie business.
OBECA/LI -- 62-68 Thomas Street (West Broadway).
''It felt as though the ground was dancing below us.''
But a recent Scandinavian study examined the brains of elderly car-crash victims and found that a third showed clear evidence of early Alzheimer's.
We look at a lot of companies -- this morning, I got six proposals on my desk.
Senators of both parties spoke of the need to take care of Georgia.
If the United States seeks to lead the world in neutralizing Mr. Hussein's threat to world stability, it cannot treat the United Nations with disdain.
He decided to give his team a makeover by squaring and firing.
In mid-July, the Ramseys conducted their second formal interview with the Boulder police since their daughter was killed and then moved to Atlanta.
Its two jumbo chicken breasts stuffed with prosciutto, cheese and peppers, swimming in a light brown sauce, had plenty of pep, but the menu did not indicate that the chicken was breaded and fried.
Among the casualties were Mr. Allison and Ms. Hubert Allison, who owned Huberts, and Mr. Waxman, who made his name at Jams.
With team officials saying that there does not seem to be a market for Pete Harnisch, the Mets are apparently considering releasing the 30-year-old right-hander.
Venerable Man-Ho replied, ''If there was any illegal action, we regret it.''
Once you've done that two or three times, then you're not just imagining everything -- you're looking at it in a colder way.''
Many will be far more expensive.
At the start of Mr. Bucaram's administration, Mr. Alarcon's popularity in Quito stood at 63 percent, said Jaime Duran Barba, who runs a polling agency.
Since I now send as many as 100 cards a trip, stamps often cost more than the cards.
''Clearly, there are no major cost increases in the pipeline.
The memorial booklet given to 1,600 mourners at Mr. Taylor's funeral described him as a sensitive and respectful youth fond of playing video games, watching football on television with his father, John, and taking drives with his girlfriend, Melissa Hagan.
Manny's Music, which has provided instruments to Lionel Hampton, Duke Ellington, the Beatles and Mariah Carey, is on the street, as is Colony Records, which is the largest provider of sheet music and Karaoke software in New York City.
We offer our heartful sympathies and prayers to the family of Shelia Dineen Baker and to our Local 153 in New York City.
The prize exhibit is the homemade kielbasa, three-pound ovals, at $3.75 a pound, which hang on the overhead racks like horse collars, as tautly packed in their casings as a flexed biceps.
At least half of the 120,000 Serbs there are expected to flee.
He has had tryouts in recent weeks with the Dolphins and the Bucs.
''It's the chichi of the 'I'm the prettiest person in the world' crowd,'' Mr. Lewis said.
Still overall demand was strong, he said.
Stephen Cheney, 42, of Haymarket, Va., has worked for Cherrydale Harman Auto Glass for 19 years.
I had seen two that were really gorgeous -- but they went to someone else.''
In 1945, Levin and Schwab stopped outside Leipzig at a watchmaker's house.
Winston Peters, New Zealand's Deputy Prime Minister and Treasurer, is depicted as ''a loose cannon'' and an ''opportunist.''
But perhaps by being who he is and writing about Melville and Dickinson and Frost the way he does, Kazin has already answered that question, at least in regard to himself.
A stone sundial bears the initials of its Dutch owner of two centuries ago, and a few European cannons can be seen, while reproductions show what Dejima looked like in the old days: an island protruding into the great harbor that for centuries was the center for Japanese trade.
It means that tomorrow's conditions may be too rough for fishing, that all they can do is repair their gear and wait.
Ron Kuby, Ms. Kauffman's lawyer and a longtime civil rights attorney, disagreed.
The only solution is to reformulate dishes like shabu shabu -- a fonduelike beef and vegetable dish from Japan by way of New England whose onomatopoeic name suggests the sound the meat makes as it goes into the broth -- so that they can be completed more quickly.
Like so many others, those acquaintances are baffled by the beliefs that drove these apparently pleasant, hard-working people to commit meticulously planned suicides.
Most of the bathrooms are of pristine white marble, with radiantly heated floors, heated towel racks and a generous supply of floral-scented Nina Ricci soaps and lotions.
Memorial will take place on Sunday, October 19, at 2 PM at 400 West 14th Street (Gaslight), in Manhattan.
An 8-yard run by Charles Tharp put Hawaii ahead, 22-14, but Notre Dame moved within 2 points on a 4-yard run by Denson.
A Michigan coroner says no, that several were ''nowhere close to death'' or certain of death, that an autopsy showed that one woman diagnosed with multiple sclerosis did not even have the disease.
''And when you get a sense of relief, technology tends to be a lead group,'' he added.
He is a son of Judith and James J. Bolzan of Baldwin, Md.
12/31/93 We miss your courage, integrity, elegance, wisdom and especially your love and care.
Coast Guard officials said it will take at least two weeks to complete the investigation, but the initial inquiry suggested that the cause of the crash was mechanical.
''I felt funny in the beginning,'' Ms. Liang said.
''To me, a solid educational footing helps with all the other problems that we have to deal with, whether it is unemployment or crime,'' she said.
Soaring divorce rates are cited to ''prove'' a breakdown in the family and worsening conditions for children.
The hotel, situated in a nature preserve, has eight guest rooms and is open from early March through October.
Some of its 25 staff members may be taken on by City Pages, Mr. Schneiderman said.
WEDNESDAY The Federal Reserve System reports on November consumer credit.
''It was the second theater I'd closed in three months,'' said Mr. Cohen, who has a connoisseur's appreciation of the spectacular flop.
This is not the sort of thing, Mr. Gaines said, that you can find in a library.
When Dr. Hershey, Dr. Luria and Dr. Delbruck were given the Nobel Prize in 1969, many experts asked why it had taken the Swedish Nobel Committee so long to recognize the three pioneers.
The prototype chip can store more than four billion bits of information, enough to hold 47 minutes of full-motion video, six hours of sound or 64 copies of the complete works of William Shakespeare, the Japanese electronics company said.
Pippig, who lives and trains in Boulder, Colo., was more circumspect.
A 38-year-old Bronx woman was arrested yesterday and charged with reckless endangerment in the death of her 10-month-old daughter, who was found with a fractured skull and other injuries indicative of child abuse, the police said.
It was at the time of her Lincoln Memorial recital that Marian Anderson was searching New York State and Connecticut for a retreat from the tumult of fame.
Alexander's was gone, and so was Gimbel's.
When you look at China -- or America -- what is more important is the real of life of the people.''
And marketers see a green light when they contemplate the school system's troubles.
If it is indeed true, as Toronto's Damon Stoudamire says, that ''half of America'' smokes pot or has done so at some point in their lives, then perhaps we might all learn a thing or two from athletes who use this relatively benign drug in moderation.
In recent months, Mr. King, his three siblings, and their mother, Coretta Scott King, have apparently embraced Mr. Pepper's theories.
Atmosphere: The perfect TriBeCa restaurant offers serious food in a casual, bare, architecturally interesting space.
First, that those on welfare surrender constitutional rights.
Before that our Government had already banned flights between the United States and Nigeria because of security concerns.
At the time, they were unusual for their less than reverential treatment and for the assertion that the Civil War might have been avoided.
Beloved and cherished sister of Francis C. Haynes, Patricia Ciancarelli and sisters-in-law Rose and Mary Haynes.
Bundy: Then it's general war.
Loving mother of Irene and Jonathan, delighted grandmother of Rachel.
Where flyers advertise a bluegrass jam ''at Bevers Crossing, at the light in Ropesville.''
For now, Rimnet remains a rarity in indulging such departures from workplace norms of rigidity and formality.
''It's not every day that someone in computer science gets an Academy Award,'' said Dr. Perlin, an associate professor of computer sciences and director of the Center for Advanced Technology at N.Y.U.
''This is what we worked for.''
''This is the sacred cow that was spared in 1986,'' Mr. Morgenson said.
I'm not unsympathetic to your situation, but .
''Wishmaster'' still struggles to convey horror.
Impressionistic landscapes by a painter who has had 34 solo shows in New York since 1953.
Representative Newt Gingrich, the Speaker of the House, was far less harsh.
The FIFA president since 1974, he is to retire after the 1998 World Cup.
Turning a defiant line into an anthem, Dee Dee Friedman, again playing Sarah, declares: ''I've been pregnant almost one year.
He was presumably referring to the Louvre, and though museum-going is often a winter sport in the City of Light, no sled is required.
Each told her to move on to others who might survive.
The American Express Company said yesterday that its tax and business services subsidiary had acquired the advisory, tax and business and technology divisions of one of Chicago's largest accounting firms, Checkers, Simon & Rosner L.L.P.
Rudy Sodamin, the executive chef on the Queen Elizabeth 2, will take over in January.
Attention is also given to a building now going up in Times Square that promises to be healthier for the people who work in it.
They range from small startups to Computer Associates International Inc. in Islandia, the second-largest independent software company in the world, after Microsoft.
Abjuring narrative, scripted dialogue, imposed music, snazzy effects and any inkling of ''re-creations,'' Mr. Wiseman has earned a reputation for not courting viewers.
Some drivers contend the EV1 fails to attain the 70 to 90 miles a charge cited by General Motors.
The judge observed that many states had adopted similar policies and that many states and the Federal Government saw such restrictions as ''central to their current reform efforts.''
She readily admits that this history has been well documented (Irving Howe's magisterial ''World of Our Fathers'' alone would suffice) but claims, in a dubious and sweeping statement, that we do not have ''the nuanced portrait that such riches of material should have produced.''
So an icy shudder could almost be felt emanating from Coach Colin Campbell today when Leetch, a perennial All-Star defenseman, seemed to be favoring his right shoulder as he skated off the ice with 6 minutes 8 seconds to play at the Core States Center.
The Legislature approved the bill over Gov.
Corporate America's manufacturing investments in developing nations more than tripled in 15 years to $56 billion in 1995 -- not including the vast numbers of plants there that contract with American companies.
''What we came here for is to appeal to you to work out a reasonable situation for our school.
Brown, who is under the most pressure to improve, raved about Hilliard and began to look for him almost as often as he did his favorite receiver, Chris Calloway.
The House has already passed a bill creating a commission to review the Federal appellate system generally, in light of rising caseloads and shifts in population, and is unlikely to adopt the Senate's brash assault on one court.
But, he added: ''It's going to be a real challenge.
Healthdyne Technologies Inc. has rejected the Invacare Corporation's latest offer of $191 million to buy the medical devices company, saying it does not plan to sell or merge its business.
The new initiative has increased the demand for teachers without increasing the teacher supply.
They are farther from first place than any other team, and they have staked out that ground on merit, losing 14 of their last 16 games.
Under the Israeli-Palestinian agreements in 1993 and 1995, Israel was to have withdrawn from Hebron by last March.
Given how crucial she was to the show's success this year, Ms. O'Donnell's future role may become a factor in what happens to the show itself.
Once again, the cell's nucleus took over and directed the egg to develop.
''We are Albanian and if I leave this country it means I'm leaving when this country needs me,'' he said.
Why would she take it all back and start spelling things out, on film, in real time?
George E. Pataki and others who oppose the plan to have Regents examinations in math, history and science given in five languages, Richard P. Mills, the New York Education Commissioner, should do more than say, ''My view is my view'' (news article, April 30).
Some of the movement's earliest exhibitions, organized by the entrepreneur Seth Siegelaub in the late 1960's, took place only in catalogue form.
The new study tracked more than 33,000 young adults who participated in the school survey and who answered subsequent questions at two-year intervals for as long as 14 years.
But that effort was absent at the start of the game.
Moreover, the use of ''fronts'' still causes difficulties.
Officials of Mr. Fujimori's Administration and foreign diplomats here maintain that the President is fully in control of the Government and that the armed forces are not about to rise up and force Mr. Fujimori out of office, a move that would probably provoke retaliation by the United States and by other Latin American countries.
He was on the last boxing card at the old Felt Forum at the Garden in 1993.
The job was almost always done with bullets.
''There was such a drastic change,'' Dryden said.
Chapman scored 17 of his points in third quarter, when the Suns surged ahead.
The 1996 figures were adjusted to include Boeing's recent acquisition of the McDonnell Douglas Corporation.
Zagat Invades Paris A Zagat restaurant guide to the citadel of gastronomes -- Paris -- is coming next March.
And the city's unemployment rate was also up in January, to 9.5 percent on a seasonally adjusted basis, its highest level since March 1994.
While the Taxi and Limousine Commission sets maximum rates for leasing cabs, there are no minimums.
Solidly hemmed in by thick ice covering water some 11,000 feet deep, the Des Groseilliers is the first research ship to be deliberately frozen into Arctic pack ice since the great Norwegian explorer and scientist Fridtjof Nansen allowed his wooden ship, the Fram, to freeze into the ice in 1893 so he could make scientific observations.
''Kids here grow up seeing too much too soon,'' said Kenneth Ramseur, a lawyer who conducts violence prevention workshops for the Children's Aid Society.
Brother Sylvester Mary, a Franciscan Friar from Harlem, said he had met Mother Teresa three times and she had given him medals that he hands out to those who need inspiration.
Odds and the End How do you keep a movie secret in the Hamptons?
The family looked in Park Slope -- Ms. Troyan's sister had moved there -- and in Williamsburg, a section of Brooklyn that in the last decade has become an outpost for artists fleeing the high rents of SoHo and TriBeCa.
Color-blind people may also be occupationally handicapped.
Mr. Mercedes appealed to Judge Sweet to vacate his sentence.
$(In Washington, Clinton Administration officials said they were discussing using American aircraft and military forces, as well as those from other nations, in the event that Cambodian officials succeeded in working out a plan for the surrender of Pol Pot, possibly to an international tribunal.
''This tells me that there's still a lot of healthy optimism about stocks out there,'' said Hugh Johnson, a market analyst at the First Albany Corporation.
President Clinton and Congressional Democrats oppose that step, contending that in practice, such a freeze would cut education and social spending, for which the President just won increases in the balanced budget deal.
Dr. William Kahan, President Dr. Martin Bandler, Treasurer Diane Shapiro, Secretary
And last week one of Mr. Walter's few remaining rivals, John D. Zeglis, AT&T's general counsel, was promoted to vice chairman.
The star plays Kate, an ambitious young woman with a midlevel job in advertising and a hankering for an executive position.
Where classical-music labels once held up their noses at such material, they now see good business and stock their catalogues with newly realized versions of old film scores.
One of CUNY's most highly regarded campuses, Baruch has already moved in some of the directions Dr. Goldstein advocates.
Even group book signings are arranged, for those new authors who worry about attracting crowds on their own.
''The current icon of computer hardware is a beige box that takes up a bunch of desktop space.
''I've known a lot of handsome priests in my time and I've never noticed any of them having any temptations,'' she said.
He said he is astonished to see people like Sammy the Bull and Henry Hill lunging for publicity, even if most mob families have been decimated.
At Monzu, a Sicilian restaurant that has opened in Manhattan, the chef, Adam Perry-Lang, makes a wonderful lamb shank braised with preserved lemons.
I urge the commission to reconsider its decision and hold a public hearing.
To us, it was a large sum.
Olga Igneri, the Republican Party chairwoman on Staten Island, said that Mr. Fossella had been selected ''because we think that Vito can operate a vigorous campaign.''
He is survived by two brothers, Alexander V., of Morton, Ill., and Vincent J., of Gulfport, Fla., and a sister, Christina C. McRell of Leominster.
Candidates running for seats in the New Jersey Legislature spent a record $20 million this year, according to reports filed this week with the Election Law Enforcement Commission.
''It's not going to be enough to cover tuition at Columbia.
Calvin Hill has a complex mission: to provide intellectual, social and emotional care and make it all fun.
Detroit is 5-1 against the Red Sox after going 1-12 last year.
While the final decision on patient care rests with the individual doctor, experts say guidelines offer valuable advice to medical practitioners as they navigate tricky situations.
The prison is a former high school.
Our heartfelt condolences to her husband Roy R. Neuberger, to her brother Walter Salant, to her children Ann Aceves, Roy S. and Linda Neuberger and James Neuberger and to her grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
Mr. Ulasewicz told the senators he got it from a White House aide he knew and delivered it to Washington lawyers who represented the early Watergate defendants after the foiled break-in.
With mammoth conglomerate retailers cloning themselves globally in order to capture the lion's share of profits, how do Mom and Pop businesses survive?
''Ordering them to attend against their wishes would very likely increase the number of students choosing to attend private schools or to move to a different community, thereby exacerbating the problem rather than solving it.
Until ''The End of Violence'' picked up two real stars, Bill Pullman and Andie MacDowell.
Appropriately, Ms. Harry sings in a multitude of voices.
''This decision all but mandates a broad-based tax and will end local control over our schools,'' he said.
At some papers, including The New York Times, unions and management agreed to voluntary buyouts, costing the papers millions of dollars in the short term but preserving labor peace and saving money in the long term.
The sentence was reduced to six and a half years as a result of his cooperation.
In 1993, a dispute over the ''Rainbow Curriculum,'' which taught tolerance for homosexuality, drove 12.5 percent of the voters to the polls, the second-highest turnout ever.
If you dropped a person into most malls, they would not know what part of the country they were in.''
The surveys have been conducted for Salz Consulting for 12 years.
''He didn't know if he wanted to come get the puck or not.
He said the natural-gas buses and the hybrid buses are being built in New York and will bring thousands of jobs to the state as transit systems across the country convert fleets to the new technology.
Mr. Huizenga does not want to spend time building up the security line, which generates a small percentage of Republic's revenue.
Devoted mother of Robert (Esther), Helen Elish and Rita Benowich (Edward).
His streak tonight mirrored his last month: Rice scored 30 points or more in 12 of his last 20 games, and in 3 of those games he broke the 40-point barrier.
Everybody in New York seems to be looking for the perfect neighborhood restaurant.
Today, however, the Texas Secretary of State, Tony Garza, who introduced himself at a news conference as ''the jerk who wouldn't let the astronaut vote last November,'' announced that a new computer program would allow astronauts to cast votes via E-mail, using their on-board laptops to send them to NASA, which would forward the encrypted ballots to county election officials.
The average Denny's or Shoney's restaurant now generates $1.2 million to $1.7 million a year, and often more, while the average Cracker Barrel brings in about $4 million, according to industry figures.
''Agassi was the one guy that, a couple years ago, we really had something there that could really have gone down in history as a great rivalry,'' said Sampras, who felt he could emulate the role of the stoic Borg against Agassi's more histrionically-prone McEnroe.
Maybe no one could have done better.
's deputy director, Carter Preston (Sidney Poitier) and a tough-as-nails Russian intelligence officer named Valentina (Diane Venora), tracks down his prey.
''That is a section of my life I have blanked out,'' Richter said, referring to the seventh-place finish of the United States team in that tournament.
ELECTRONIC DATA SYSTEMS CORP., Plano, Tex., said it had won a three-year contract worth $42 million from the U.S.
He returned to New York briefly in 1952 to record ''Nina Never Knew'' with the legendary Sauter-Finegan Orchestra and came north again in 1963 for a full-scale attempt at a comeback.
Bank officials were immediately suspicious that the robbery was an inside job.
''As much as you say there are no conflicts of interest, there is that perception,'' he said.
For a time the strategy of division appeared to be working.
They are reasonable values but they are, in the main, boring to look at and not very exciting to drive.
On the other hand, I encountered a few hassles myself.
The White House is trying to satisfy both mental health advocates and employer groups, and that may be impossible.
''We weren't bringing these people to move in,'' Mr. Papa told me in 1982 when his voice and face could still register an innocent wonder.
The sign on top of the Bond store had been controlled by General Outdoor Advertising, but in 1948 the 38-year-old Mr. Leigh got the concession and persuaded Barney Ruben, the head of Bond, to erect the most astounding display ever.
The MD-11 can hold as much as 160,000 pounds of cargo, she said.
Ms. Goodman insists on physical and abstract qualities in paintings that consist of thick and crusty patchworks of muted color; but there are openings where tiny, gnarly figures play out enigmatic scenes.
the patient, who is called Devon Cardou, asks the therapist.
''Sales and marketing expenditure is growing even faster than sales, and I think that's due to promotional increases,'' Mr. Buck said.
HELEN FEIN New York, May 29, 1997 The writer is executive director of the Institute for the Study of Genocide.
By the way, he was right about the bow tie.
The reality of the Middle East is never distant.
From past experience, Labor's leaders worry that even voters who say they are attracted to the refashioned party will become overwhelmed by recollections of its reckless past closer to election day and end up reaching for the lever that feels safer.
Freezing Leary would have been a notable coup, but instead he had himself cremated and launched into orbit.
A12 Court to Hear Schools Case The Supreme Court agreed to decide when school districts can be found liable under Federal law for a teacher's sexual abuse of a student.
He declined to project what his campaign finance report will show when it is filed next month.
A half-mile away, on the Falls Road in Catholic West Belfast, as the cease-fire went into effect, about 50 British soldiers carrying automatic rifles, in camouflage uniforms, patrolled as usual.
With its leading Philadelphia franchise and a lucrative cash management business, Corestates would be an attractive target for any number of banks, including the First Union Corporation, the PNC Bank Corporation, Fleet Financial Group, the Banc One Corporation and the Wachovia Corporation.
''The Labor Party isn't on the side of the working people anymore,'' said Ken Capstick, 55, a former miner and union official.
A vast majority of those remaining are elderly, and many have been attacked and evicted by gangs of Croats.
For those who do not have stoves, sleeping in their own rooms is often impossible.
Not only does he ask us to ''take the odds'' and trust General Noriega, but he also dutifully relates that his co-author refuses even to touch upon the juicier aspects of his personal history, like ''his own sexual mores'' and how he amassed great wealth.
With the blessing of the Republican leadership, the amendment hurtled through the usually laborious legislative process during an end-of-session marathon.
He set about conquering it with the same attention to detail he gave to game plans.
Over the rest of the page, lightly, almost ghostly, sketched hands echo this gesture.
And has Mr. Cohen, the author of eight books, including two volumes of poetry and three novels, lost his touch as a writer?
In recent years, the police have tried to curtail the consumption of alcohol at the St. Patrick's Day Parade, and Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani had warned that open containers of beer and other alcoholic beverages would not be tolerated by the police.
The combined company will be called the McKesson Corporation.
Because of the ''46'' style of defense Cincinnati played, Garnes, though a safety, played close to the line of scrimmage and was used mainly against the run.
He prefers the life of the rural artist, passing time smoking ''the weed'' (extolled in one song), making illustrated books and penning the occasional tune.
Wes Gallagher, who as president and general manager of The Associated Press oversaw substantial changes in news coverage and in the use of technology, died on Saturday at St. Francis Medical Center in Santa Barbara, Calif.
''I want you to make a statement.
Best dishes: Warm goat cheese cake, smoked salmon and celery root timbale, wild mushroom ravioli, goulash, roast duck, pork chop, steak, pan-roasted cod, lamb shank, sour cherry parfait, apple tart.
Also, Albania is a country lacking a democratic tradition and the rule of law.
Dandelions are another easy lesson in seed dispersal.
The Honor Farm, a prison for errant officers, is set in a mansion not far from a Guggenheim estate in Sands Point.
Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 P.M.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sundays at 3 P.M. Tickets: $20 to $70.
But Mr. Kam grew up too late, too ambitious and in the wrong place, which happened to be Israel.
Already, opposition groups and human rights organizations say, more than two dozen people have been killed, including some who have died in police custody.
''Because he told him an old Jewish joke,'' says Izzy.
''No one really knows when baseball began,'' Mr. Solomon said, but he begins his book in 1778 with the first reference he could find, observing that ''the diary of a soldier at Valley Forge, Pa., refers to a game of 'base' played by the troops.''
Cloning seemed utterly remote until last Saturday, when an embryologist in Edinburgh, Dr. Ian Wilmut, stunned scientists and nonscientists alike by announcing that he had created a lamb from the DNA of a ewe.
Marlyn Capio brushed a strand of hair from her eyes and remembered the day she became a prostitute.
The Federal Department of Labor does not have jurisdiction to monitor the finances of municipal unions.
(AP) WEBB EIGHT SHOTS UP: Karrie Webb of Australia fired a course-record nine-under-par 63 yesterday and extended her lead to eight strokes after the third round of the Women's British Open in Sunningdale, England.
But most terrrible is with the food.
Mr. Clinton emphasized that strengthening Japan economically was crucial to restoring stability across Asia.
High Stepping, High Flying WHAT if after the Yankees had won the World Series, they had to play for a New York championship.
This volume shows him as a loyal and clever friend devoted to sporting, high-spirited repartee.
An Italianate extension was added a few decades later.
It said its bid was also conditional on Fokus's earlier bid for BN Bank not succeeding.
With a blowout, I'll figure we were beaten by a superior team.
51 Styles 53 Weather 52 Weddings 57
Why did all this happen?
But, he added, ''African-American representation on Wall Street is low, and that is particularly true of the senior ranks.''
Jacques Pepin is at another.
''Then he got up and jogged off and said, 'I'm O.K.'
''I believe that a formal multiple listing in Manhattan would encourage individual brokers to work out of their homes.
Those with time and strong legs can follow twisting paths to wild, lonely places atop the canyon walls where cultic rites were celebrated.
But in the end, the Jets lost a game they had to win, just the way Parcells had feared they might -- with three players feeling they were the ones who sent the Jets home.
Supporters of the bill sharply disagreed.
It said Multilayer Technology would add the plant's 770 employees to its work force.
SLAP SHOTS PETER ZEZEL, who was acquired in a trade with St. Louis on Tuesday, will join the Devils for Thursday's return game with the Whalers.
Rolling a heavy appliance can be hazardous, however, if you're not strong enough to control it as it starts moving.
The snow began falling early Friday and ended Saturday night, with accumulations of 22 inches in one Denver suburb and as much as 4 feet elsewhere.
He entered the camp on Sept. 7, 1994, and was released on parole on April 6, 1995.
But Mr. Rendon's captain arrived and yelled at him for holding up the convoy.
*In Game 2, Seattle was coming back from a 5-2 deficit, and the left-handed-hitting Rob Ducey, a pinch-hitter, slapped a ball down the left-field line to drive in the Mariners' third run.
Even when she is at the Court, Ginsburg is unlikely to engage in banter, because she prefers to communicate in writing.
Michael Nunn and Nicola Tranah were their seducers.
Al Kevelson, Gloria and Jay Nichtberger FORST-Ruthie.
Let's look at interleague play as a blatant experiment, and enjoy it, and retain the option of terminating it quickly.
We want more than what they got, he said.
''And when it comes to getting such programs off the ground, you're only talking about a few thousand dollars, not millions.''
I won't allow anyone in my family to have a colonoscopy if they can get a barium examination.''
By 1989, Mr. Coetzee's career was in tatters.
First Chicago Capital Markets Inc.
One of the homes burned to the ground, and the other sustained heat damage.
Some of my friends have children now, and I think it keeps them from changing because they focus on this new thing.
Did anyone help him build it, and, if so, where did they do it?
The Rockies, protecting a 4-2 lead, brought reliever Steve Reed in to start the inning, and he quickly got Butch Huskey on a ground out.
''I sold all my appliances to a guy for $5,000 and moved in everything from the motel.
Chris Childs, creatively limited, is what he is.
Woods closed with a four-under-par 68 for a total of 20-under 268.
His photographs from the 1950's have resurfaced in two exhaustive books: one, by Martin Harrison, on fashion photography since 1945; the other, by Jane Livingston, on the 16 most important members of the ''New York school'' of photography between 1936 and 1963, including Robert Frank, William Klein, Lisette Model and Helen Leavitt.
Some believed in affirmative action to promote cultural diversity; others found absurd the assumption that culture follows blood.
OUTBACK BOWL Alabama 17 Michigan 14 Alabama's stingy defense would not let Gene Stallings's retirement party end on a sour note.
If we end up sending them disproportionately to the Dominican Republic, not just to our families but to political parties as well, it weakens our position here.''
''He took it as a personal repudiation,'' Ickes says.
Mr. Delors's daughter, Martine Aubry, was also elected to Parliament by her district near Lille.
LARRY KATZENSTEIN Bronx, Dec. 4, 1997
Asked what he was thinking when the ball left his hand, Childs said: ''Please go in.
Rain suspended play from 5:22 P.M to 7:17 P.M., with Leonard on the 18th hole and Love on the 15th.
Mr. Jiang argued that China's reforms must proceed under new concepts of ownership, including privatization, for thousands of money-losing state industries.
''You are making the best platform for the fanatic groups by following this policy,'' he said.
Mrs. Hayashi, who was tending her vegetable garden beside a highway, sat down on the grass and grumbled delightedly about the times.
But this fall, more than 40 years later, and just in time for the 50th anniversary of the notorious ''Hollywood 10'' hearings before the House Committee on Un-American Activities, Mr. Palca is expected to have his credits restored by the Writers Guild of America.
Petty, who is now 60 and owns the Nascar record for career victories (200) but who won far less money in 35 years of racing ($8 million) than Mr. Gordon has in five ($14 million).
Construction starts are expected later this year, with occupancy beginning in 1998.
The remaining company, which owns and manages 70 hotels and is developing 20 more, would be one of Choice's largest franchisees and would be free to acquire more properties.
Smarter people may have a greater number of neural networks that are more intricately woven together, a process that starts in the first year.
''Kids are scared to walk down the street and go to the store because of this place,'' said Jose Gonzalez, 43, as his friend, Pedro Alicia, listed other complaints.
The reason all the rules are being shattered in this negotiation is that ''E.R.''
After rarely addressing the issue in his first term, Mr. Clinton began to sound an alarm over the summer that climate change could cause flooding, drought and outbreaks of disease.
The man said to be moving toward Pitino's old job, the job made famous by a segregationist named Adolph Rupp, happens to be African-American.
After lawyers for the Hispanics lost repeatedly in the courts, a mysterious rash of vandalism and fires broke out in the mid-1970's.
I doubt if any are much interested in making money.
(Ages 5 and up) For all those fans of ''Stellaluna,'' here comes another independent young creature.
You make a pick you're very satisfied with and he gets hurt.
At the time, rumors swirled about other ABC anchors, most notably Charles Gibson, a host of ''Good Morning America,'' who could work the Thursday night edition of ''20/20'' to take some of the load from Mr. Downs, who is 76, and Ms. Walters, who is 65.
Duncan said after the game that he had followed up a week-old trade demand with a request that he be released.
The original compromise, forged this week by the House-Senate appropriations conference committee, would allow the Clinton Administration to order the development of the national exams in reading and math and would allow field testing to proceed.
The name Kuron, he said, does not appear on any of the lists.
He was the founder of the Neurology Service at LIJ and through his dedicated efforts an accredited residency program was established that produced scores of welltrained neurologists.
Steven F. Goldstone, RJR Nabisco's chairman and chief executive, said in a statement that the quarter ''keeps the company on track for a solid 1997.''
We mourn the loss of our friend and Counsel whose optimism and sense of humor enriched our lives.
But one knowledgeable city official, asked if diplomats' cars had been made targets, replied, ''That's what I'd assume.''
The Talich Quartet, one of Europe's pre-eminent ensembles, which was established at the Prague Conservatory in 1964, is appearing next Sunday at 3 P.M. at Purchase College.
Western concert dance has moved from the palace to the proscenium stage to the museum event, and a shift in visual perspective has accompanied each change.
Equity Office also owns a chain of urban parking garages that can be marketed along with its buildings.
I didn't like being up until 4 A.M. every night.
Nor do the data simply reflect the recent influx of illegal Hispanic immigrants.
Political intrigue, sex and murder in Washington's high circles.
For the first time in the game's glorious history, a team that did not finish in first place during the season stands on the threshold of becoming World Series champion.
The workers had been hired by Microsoft's international division from 1987 to 1990.
Guests arrived in pickup trucks and danced to country music.
Such was the problem confronting Mr. Oliveira, who had to return to Portugal after paying $3,334 for the notebook computer from 44th Street Camera and Electronics, at 44th Street and Broadway.
The result in ''Crowning Glory'' is an intermeshing of art, history and devotion, very much of the moment, very moving to see.
A few manufacturers have introduced fiber-cement siding, which looks like wood but requires almost no maintenance.
The hall's weakness, evident in all three works, was in the bass, a problem that affected both the lower strings and some of the percussion, and which was particularly telling at the start of the finale of the Ninth.
The parties hold nominating conventions in the spring to designate a candidate.
The compassionate, incorruptible fellow at the heart of ''Bedfellows,'' a new play by Herman Daniel Farrell 3d, is a fictional Manhattan Democratic party leader who exhibits every commendable quality short of kindness to stray dogs.
''It's the solitude that's so hard to get used to,'' Ms. Machado said.
The life-threatening disease was thought to have been eradicated in this country.
''When you get the ball up, anybody can make you look bad.
Campbell refused to tip his hand on that subject.
However, whether it is a war, a natural disaster, a revolution or the crash of a commercial airliner, like T.W.A.
Only Connecticut and Massachusetts, with grades of ''B plus,'' were rated higher than New Jersey.
For a case that could cost Smith Barney a large amount, yesterday's announcement of a proposed settlement inflicted only minimal damage to the company's stock.
''It just feels like you're in this nice room with stone and some paneled cabinets to one side.''
It's a holiday weekend at this fiesta-happy nightclub, with every night offering different Christmas fare.
''She said he wouldn't focus on his work, and he wasn't concentrating on what he had to do,'' said his mother, a psychiatric nurse who lives outside New Haven and did not want to be identified in order to protect her son's privacy.
And when they suddenly began to run, the dust enfolded us and they just kept coming, more and more of them running past us on all sides.
American surveyors' peculiar units all consist of exact fractions of the U.S. mile.
Beginning this weekend and on through the summer, the Hamptons run of the Long Island Rail Road is banning cell phones in one reserved parlor car on Thursdays and two on Fridays.
Not long ago I asked an R. J. Reynolds flack about a new cigarette called Jumbos.
They are laboring to limit the flow of money into politics when they should be looking to limit the candidates' need for money to pay for television time.
The Federal Reserve reports on consumer credit for June.
The bride, 32, graduated from Barnard College.
Brown believes the intensity of the series is just heating up.
The opportunity to see and appreciate Ali comes in ''When We Were Kings,'' a documentary recently nominated for an Academy Award after having been honored by the New York Film Critics Circle, the Los Angeles Film Critics Association, the National Society of Film Critics and Sundance Film Festival.
The game will be played on Tuesday.
Several artists use their own work as raw material, reshaping it to shift its intent.
Put the fish rolls, seam side down, in the baking dish.
What to do next is vexing.
Go completely around the state park, staying on Fairview, repeating part of the ride until you are back at Essex (a three-mile circle).
I may not agree with what he did, but I believe that he should have the right to tell his story, as do the several American organizations that have invited Mr. Wolf to speak.
''We expect to bring a chest on frame that we just acquired from Deerfield, Mass., just up the river, with a flat but unusual shaped top.''
Tennessee 52, Texas Tech 17 Peyton Manning threw for five touchdowns, tying a school record, to lead No.
Hewlett-Packard's model is a thinner version of a standard PC that lies flat on a desk and can support a monitor.
''Everybody always tells me to do this, do that.
Other senators interested in the position are John H. Adler of Cherry Hill, Wayne R. Bryant of Lawnside and Raymond J. Zane of East Greenwich, Mr. Kenny said.
By the early 1990's, Ireland could boast Europe's fastest-growing economy, its per capita income even exceeding that of Britain.
Although this is $1.5 million less than the current spending level and $2 million less than what the Senate had recommended for next year's Federal budget, it was a windfall compared with no financing under the House plan.
With only modest progress after four days of Israeli-Palestinian talks here, Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright is making plans to meet in Europe next week with leaders from both sides, American and Israeli officials said today.
Identifying and publicizing abuses is essential to improving conditions.
Mr. Yevoli questioned the net result of the maneuvering, saying that the proceeds of the sale of the health institutions would be offset by the cost of paying off the old bonds for the hospital and nursing home and by the county's continued responsibility to subsidize health services for the poor.
Last year, according to the Real Estate Board's report, the average price for Manhattan co-ops was $472,019, a 6.8 percent drop from the $506,378 in 1995.
CBS is also scheduling what it is calling its strongest new comedy, ''George and Leo,'' on Mondays at 9:30 P.M.
The institute, to be announced by Harvard today and to be financed initially by a $1.5 million Ford Foundation grant, is intended to serve as a kind of laboratory where professional artists in theater, dance, film and other fields will come together for six weeks each summer to develop new work.
Everyone knows that the N.B.A.
Arena Football NEW YORK CITYHAWKS - Acquired L Patrick Jackson and L Franklin Stephens from the New Jersey Red Dogs for WR-DB Amod Field and RB-LB Craig Taylor.
Jenny Schinella, a forward, said that another student approached her this week, but ''his only question was whether the basketball court would be open now that our season is over.''
In addition, $3,500 was returned to three other donors with links to Mr. Huang.
''I've tried to get a hold of him, but he never did return my call.''
The liquidation of hundreds of millions of dollars in German assets was neither promptly nor ever fully implemented.
But he did not allow another run before leaving after the seventh, and defeated Oakland for the 12th time in 15 career decisions.
Arizona, the region's star performer, exports more per capita than New York.
Establishing High Occupancy Vehicle (HOV) lanes and installing traffic update signs along the expressway and parkways are two ways in which the state has responded to keeping the traffic flowing smoothly.
Seeing Southwell on his way to London to become England's James I in 1603, he supposedly said, ''By my blude, this kirk shall jostle with York or Durham or any other kirk in Christendom.''
She said the discoloration of most of the documents, which varies from a pale pinkish gray to a deep burgundy, was likely the result of red dye from the binding of several books mixed with the other documents.
And she was all in mink, with pale harlequin glasses, mink beret.
As the vine matures, prune more heavily, once in the late winter or early spring and again in the summer.
A new venue has become part of the judicial system.
''We are disappointed, however, in the decision on punishment because it imposes punishment retroactively.''
Boys talk of a ''passeport'' for a condom, ''kiffer'' for loving and ''dunker'' -- from basketball -- for smashing somebody.
Curtice, the pitcher, had a 6-0 record and struck out 63 in 35 innings.
Perhaps they had seen too many Dirty Harry movies, and attended too few classes on civil liberties and proper police procedures.
How could the field be watered after practice?
With the lie of the cards, the slam was now unbeatable.
The Regents, who set state education policy, amended their earlier proposal after state lawyers advised them that the change would require legislative approval.
On display is a papier-mache replica of a 200-pound homegrown watermelon -- the Watermelon Festival was Hope's biggest attraction before Bill Clinton -- and a chair from Miss Mary Purkins's kindergarten class that ''could have been the chair President Clinton sat in,'' Gary Johnson, the director, said.
Walter V. Shipley, the chairman of Chase Manhattan, will be honored.
The show has been plotted on the pastel walls to go from a certain lightness into a mood of darkness and ambiguity.
101 years, died on March 29, 1997.
Forever missed and so dearly loved.
In contrast, the midtown market is $37 per square foot and the vacancy rate has fallen to less than 10 percent.
They are more expensive than blinds or shades, but they offer shade without obstructing the view or hindering breezes.
South African Colleen De Reuck won the women's race and also collected $25,000.
And avoid companies with much long-term debt, he advises.
Friends may pay their respects at J.
''This is not just Mickey and Judy putting on a show,'' Ms. Henderson said.
Even The New York Times has carried only one news account, one editorial and one Op-Ed article about the two-war doctrine this year.
But Tyndale's achievement stands, widely recognized or not.
''I'd obviously want to play for Canada, but if they don't want me and the States did, I would play for the States,'' Oates said last week during an N.H.L.
Suburbs are sprouting gigantic new malls and, for buyers so hot to consume that they can't take the extra 10 minutes needed to reach the big malls for all-out spending, strip malls proliferate along the highways.
Children's Broadcasting, in a lawsuit, contends that ABC stole the Aahs format it was hired to promote at $25,000 a month, and failed in its duties, generating only $23,000 in new advertising sales.
''Rather than putting new things into an empty space, we were taking things away,'' Mr. Smith-Miller said, describing a weeding process that turned out to be unpredictable.
And with growing excess production capacity in Southeast Asia as well, more signs point to deflation than to inflation.
''This is the time to engage.''
Supported by Texaco for 21 years, ''The Metropolitan Opera Presents'' ends another season tonight with Giordano's ''Andrea Chenier,'' taped in October before an enthusiastic Lincoln Center audience.
''I think we have known that Brian would take over the company since he was about 8 years old,'' said Julian Brodsky, Comcast's vice chairman and Mr. Roberts's alter ego for the last 34 years.
Still, many investors expect the Fed to raise short-term rates in the coming months, and the market's focus is now on the Fed's next policy meeting in March.
''I have had my car up to 120 miles per hour and I drive it every day,'' he said.
Only after the basic plan was conceived were Deutsche Bank and Dresdner asked to participate.
In the early afternoon, family and friends of the missing crew members gathered at the base chapel with about 500 members of McGuire's staff for a private hour of prayer and sharing emotions.
For the first third of his life, he encountered evangelical Protestantism in its purist form, with its emphasis on sin, damnation, piety and redemption through good works.
Devoted mother of Scott, loving grandmother of Adam, Michael and Alexis.
On Sunday the music is the soothing marimba, a Mexican xylophone.
Should Japan's economic troubles worsen before they get better -- and most economists believe that they will, with more huge financial failures like the closing today of Yamaichi Securities, the country's oldest brokerage -- the effects may be seen around the world.
''It doesn't get any worse than this,'' said Ronald Olson, a volunteer firefighter from Clara City, Minn., who was piling up sandbags in Montevideo.
A woman's harrowing progress from youth to middle age.
That is what is happening.
It might still be kosher, but it's inside the dog.''
She's a peasant and that's where she belongs -- out in the bogs!
Broadway *+ ''THE DIARY OF ANNE FRANK.''
''It just boggles the mind that they would do it quite this boldly.''
Great grandmother of Raphael Porag.
''The Cat in the Hat,'' for example, has two absurdly big and elongated top-hat forms stacked brim to brim and held in suspension by means of an internal steel armature (Johnson).
''We are not going to live long term with interlace, but if we have to use it as a transition, that's a possibility.''
The campaign deliberately eschews explanations of how interactive technology works, said Steven Sacks, president and creative director at Digital Pulp, because it was more important to ''educate people on how this medium works and give them tools to take advantage of it.''
Asked whether it would be an odd situation to coach against someone he is so close to, Coughlin said: ''There isn't any question that it's tough emotionally to think about it.
SLAP SHOTS DAN PLANTE returned to New York to be with his wife, who is about to give birth to a son.
In being forced to make that decision, Mr. Boies had to confront a problem that is becoming unavoidable as law firms represent corporations that acquire subsidiaries, each with their own legal needs.
The evening drew about 450 people.
The bridegroom is the son of Joy Anne M. Mariano of Plainview, N.Y., and Exequiel V. Mariano of Montalban, the Philippines.
The games with the Pirates took on that status because the Mets were susceptible to a letdown after the emotionally and physically draining New York, New York encounters.
So this morning, I will turn to the college football scores.
This film is rated PG-13.
If the board approves the proposal, the decision will be announced today at a news conference in Chicago, where the association is based.
Not all the voices in the cast of nine soar in the delivery of the score's appealing folk, pop and bluesy numbers.
Sunday at 3 P.M., ''Life, Lust and Liberty,'' a one-act play; at 6 P.M., Bob Loro.
What's your prediction for the weather of the New York City area for this winter?
United Nations relief workers were able to visit the Dundo area briefly last week and reported that about 2,500 refugees had entered the nearby town of Nzage.
For the moment, there is wide agreement that the state should keep negotiating with the group, whose leader, Richard L. McLaren, argues that Texas was never legally annexed to the Union.
Here, you should keep records of outright purchases, reinvested dividends or capital gains, and sales.
We have had Rodney King I and II, Bernhard H. Goetz I and II, and of course O. J. Simpson I and II, which now casts its inescapable shadow over Crown Heights II, the Federal civil-rights trial that finished a second day of jury deliberations yesterday in Brooklyn.
Velazquez (D) Yea Yea Nay Nay 13.
In the grass parking lot, dusty pickups line up beside sports utility vehicles and even the occasional Jaguar.
Among those going to see Orlando Pace will be Dick Haley, the Jets' draft director, and Bill Muir, the team's offensive line coach.
HE understands more now, but is still wrestling with how much money to put into the plan and which investment options to select.
At Lincoln Center, the task of directing this operation has been assigned to Jonathan Schwartz, a popular New York radio personality for more than 25 years and the son of the composer Arthur Schwartz, whose contributions to the canon include ''Dancing in the Dark'' and ''That's Entertainment.''
Approves Diabetes Drug The F.D.A.
Americans, while feeling overtaxed, pay substantially less tax than Europeans, and Washington consequently undertakes much less in terms of worker retraining, maternity leave, day care, health insurance and programs to aid the unemployed and poor.
Gerald Benjamin, a professor of political science at the State University campus at New Paltz, said lawmakers have been able to ignore the issue in part because reform-minded groups have tended to concentrate on more obvious problems, like ballot access rules.
''Until now, I've been so indecisive about everything.
''But when you are reading black and white printed words, it better hold your interest.
Margaret continues to fight off infections, and she dreads the results of her next biopsy.
''I've never seen it get ugly between the majors.''
''He had nice things to say about working all night with a stubby pencil,'' Mr. Johansen said.
Alaskan seafood processors had been trying for years to increase their tax deductions for the cost of feeding employees, many of whom live seasonally in bunkhouses at the plants.
Three bombs went off near the small town of Rustenburg early this morning, slightly wounding two night watchmen and causing hundreds of thousands of dollars in damage.
Assemblyman Richard L. Brodsky, a Westchester County Democrat, has tried to seize the initiative, putting out a detailed description of a new constitution that has received the support of Representative Maurice Hinchey and Assemblyman Martin A. Luster, both Democrats.
This season he makes his debuts at the Chicago Lyric Opera, the Houston Grand Opera and the Santa Fe Opera.
Exports, today's report showed, were paced by the first increase of the year in sales of American farm products and by a lesser rise in exports of industrial supplies and materials.
A member of the NYU Law School family since he came to us as a student in 1944, he joined our faculty in 1947 and has served us in that capacity since that time.
In such a case, he said, the letter writer would have to start an action against the board in State Supreme Court seeking to void the imposition of the fee.
''Then he would throw a ball sidearm with his right hand underneath his left hand.
I don't miss the pressure and the stress.''
''We've had fun making the best of this.''
A petition signed late last year by the heads of 70 local families warned of ''revolution with heavy and certain damage'' unless the Government adopted a more generous course.
According to Mr. Milo, several senior Likud members -- reportedly including former Finance Minister Dan Meridor, Communications Minister Livor Livnat, former Science Minister Zeev Begin and Mayor Ehud Olmert of Jerusalem -- were considering a plan to split the party and isolate the Prime Minister, but without forcing new elections, either for Parliament or Prime Minister.
Krieg's perseverance has brought him to the crest of N.F.L.
Tonight at 8; tomorrow at 7 P.M. Tickets: $35.
Great Eagle is also buying the Fairmont Hotels in Chicago and San Jose, Calif.
It was Dr. Proctor who had steadied the vessel and restored the spiritual ballast.
The researchers say the drugs, known as reductase inhibitors, may help prevent strokes by forestalling heart attacks or by cleaning arteries and preventing their deterioration.
A1 On Cue, Lizards Evolve An experiment with lizards showed that evolution moves in predictable ways and can occur so rapidly that changes emerge in as little as a decade or so, scientists said.
Crescent is buying the property from the JMB Realty Corporation of Chicago.
He published an autobiography, ''Take Me Home,'' in 1994.
Among her colleagues in the Connecticut delegation, the mood was jubilant.
Sixty billion dollars in underreported income, $13.8 billion in unfiled returns, $14.4 billion in illegal deductions, $100 million in something the I.R.S.
Polls still show that he is by far the most popular among more than a dozen Republicans who have toyed with running for President in 2000.
How did this newest Van Kampen fund rack up such a stellar performance record even before allowing members of the public to invest?
But Mr. Nixon's system, first installed in the Oval Office in February 1971, was automatically activated by voices.
Andy is tall, slope-shouldered, affable and professorial; Susan has a gently wicked sense of humor and Midwestern openness.
It was the fourth straight victory for the Orangemen (5-3, 2-1), who have rebounded from a three-game losing streak.
There are the occasional tics (everyone seems to have a name like Bach Abercorn or Hyman Dimbatt), and occasionally the characters' inability to communicate is too closely paralleled by the story's surrender in the face of the unnamable.
Apes like to use crayons, pencils and finger paints, he says.
Nada Nasser, a 22-year-old Detroit engineer, agreed, saying, ''It's terrible, it's morbid, it's a sick mind that created this.''
Another popular choice is the insecticidal soaps.
How are women supposed to wait?''
The Dallas Morning News reported that he would get $8 million for the next four years.
A little comparison may be instructive.
Tinsley, based in Richmond, Calif., makes precision optics.
But their zone made us take quick shots.''
1990 Garden City Volunteer of the Year.
This plum-colored, magenta-edged rose -- called Sissing hurst Castle -- now rambles over a bed at Mottisfont.
Peregrine Systems Inc., San Diego, initial public offering of 3 million shares.
''Welcome to Earth,'' says the sign greeting the huge-brained creatures who arrive in flying hubcaps.
The Met denies it and refuses to apologize, leaving Jorden a tad steamed.
Here, playing mostly against UConn's 6-foot-7-inch all-American, Kara Wolters, the 6-2 Wynne finished with 7 points, 8 rebounds and 4 turnovers.
The speed with which they succeeded stands in contrast to the arduous struggles most starting entrepreneurs endure as they fight off creditors and grapple with the strains of growth.
Work will become much more flexible as it sinks in that people will spend many more years at work.''
The artist we still refer to as Prince is this kind of White Negro.
Not just a fashion retrograde, Mr. Kliewer, an academic, a scholar and a director, is talking history as well as theater.
But the board did not recommend until 1995 that prosecutors charge Mr. Livoti, after his highly publicized indictment in the death of Mr. Baez.
Mr. Bush said he had made today's announcement to get the pledge question out of the way, so reporters would not dwell on it when he kicked off his re-election campaign in early December.
But it's going to take a lot of work.
Mr. Mansour provides a kosher Middle Eastern banquet with a belly dancer twice a year, and, on select Tuesdays and Thursdays, a cabaret act or jazz.
The man ''was distraught,'' Mr. Turley said, ''that he would die in prison and be buried at Point Lookout,'' a hill inside the vast prison compound.
Hong Kong has an Independent Commission against Corruption, a highly autonomous body that investigates everything from security fraud to graft in the police department, tax avoidance to smuggling.
Those changes included plumper, more nutritious grains in denser clusters that cling to the stem until ripe, instead of scattering before they can be harvested.
Like the stores themselves, these screens are doing one thing while saying -- or not saying -- another.
While not exactly part of the wine list, some restaurants pair a wine with each main course.
The proposed legal fee for the new settlement is $1.8 million, plus a $1.5 million trust fund to pay for going after Mr. Desaigoudar.
''It looks suspicious when everybody outside is black,'' Mr. Maddox said as he sat and drank coffee in protest.
But what he did was suddenly to become an admirer of all the people he hated.''
CHICAGO WHITE SOX -- Signed 3B Matt Berger, SS Elio Borgues, 2B Kevin Connacher, RHP Tim Currens, 2B Chad Durham, SS Rolando Garza, 3B-OF Michael Hill, RHP Andrew Jacobson, RHP Jay Kvasnicka, OF J.R.
$(39.$) Bre-X Says Freeport Studies Gold Bre-X Minerals of Calgary, Alberta, responding to speculation that an Indonesian gold deposit might not be as big as reported, said that Freeport-McMoran Copper and Gold, a partner in the deposit, was still examining it and had not yet commented.
And if a textile covering is absolutely required, she offers a canvas floor cloth adorned with paint or a clear color stain.
Kenny Scharf and Jean-Michel Basquiat, who were children in Apollo's heyday, fall into that category.
''And there's such a need for this program.
Last month, the outgoing commander of the Israeli Army's Hebron brigade captured the essence of the relationship in an epigram: ''I no longer see the Palestinians as an enemy,'' Col. Gadi Shamni said.
Once a supergroup, now the answer to 1980's trivia questions, Power Station allied English dandies -- the guitarist Andy Taylor (from Duran Duran) and the singer Robert Palmer -- and an American rhythm section with Tony Thompson of Chic on drums.
Sundays, 1 to 5 P.M.; Mondays through Saturdays, 10 A.M. to 5 P.M.; Thursdays, 10 A.M. to 8 P.M.
Daniel Friel, an economist at Nationsbank in Charlotte, N.C., said that today's results should make Alan Greenspan, the Fed chairman and its dominant policy maker, ''feel warm and fuzzy about what he did'' in lifting the rate for overnight money in the banking system by one-quarter percentage point, to 5.5 percent.
With Hackett out of position trying to play the angle on Messier, Graves had nothing but net in front of him.
The new tribalism is threatening enough without this new arena, in which cults and militias have already shown themselves among the savviest operators.
Flip through a major American magazine, for instance, and you are likely to encounter a photo of Arundhati Roy, gazing dreamily, beckoning the reader to open her debut novel, ''The God of Small Things,'' published with much fanfare this year by Random House.
This is the kind of Christian love that makes Jews nervous.
But the theater stayed shuttered for only a few weekends.
DEFLIESE-Philip L. The President of Baruch College and the Trustees of The Baruch College Fund mark with deep sorrow the death of Philip L. Defliese.
Then a human experimentation committee allowed Dr. Vallbona to test 50 volunteers with magnets that at 300 to 500 gauss, were slightly stronger than refrigerator magnets.
But it was hard to determine yesterday whether the scene at Bloomingdale's was an aberration or the norm.
Eric B. does not know the details of his wife's murder.
But, Mr. Abernathy said, these techniques can be haphazard and expensive.
It was the third death in six weeks of a college wrestler undergoing a rapid weight-reduction program.
''Maybe it is because what they want to buy is too expensive.''
He has filed an appeal.
The only link to the original is the pizza itself, which is remarkably similar.
The book is written at a high school level, and could be used for community groups, bilingual education or community college classes.''
She wrote of how three pale-blue pet birds fluttered charmingly throughout the love nest, perching on her pencil, while Mr. Oppenheimer notes that the place was bleak and the birds died grim deaths.
''I don't think I would have conceptualized a course in memoirs without the explosion,'' Professor DeSalvo said after class one day recently.
In any case, with these sonnets Ms. Vendler's commentaries grow deeper and less technical.
The woman, Debbie Skousen, could receive up to a year in jail if convicted of assault and domestic violence against her 18-year-old daughter.
's status as a leadership school.
Golfing and horseback riding are available.
''More than 90 percent of new infections occur in developing countries,'' he said.
''We're separated from all the vacant buildings by the tennis club.
New to the cast this year are Claudius and Pericles, a pair of Russian wolfhounds.
''The higher up you get, the whiter it gets.''
The station's former manager was swiftly reinstalled as its new boss.
That being the year, to be sure, in which the Yankees wiped them out in five games in the American League Championship Series.
''But I don't think that will happen, because I was very surprised to find that the Mayor doesn't want it to be that way.''
American allies in the gulf are urging a more accommodating approach to Iran, despite Washington's misgivings.
Clemens struck out 10 and did not walk a batter in pitching his second complete game of the season.
It was the visitor, South Carolina, wrapping up its first Southeastern Conference title -- not just in basketball, but in any sport -- since joining the league in 1991.
No cases of either have been detected in the United States, said Dr. Larry Schonberger, of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, though people have died of the classical form of Creutzfeldt-Jakob in this country.
If the Ravens could produce a running game, they could win this game.
Mr. Netanyahu immediately announced that ''as far as I am concerned, and I think as far as the majority of the public in Israel is concerned, this affair is behind us.''
Both Messier and Gretzky have been double-shifted and, on occasion, Adam Graves has filled in at center.
Damphousse said he is a close friend of Roberto Luongo, another goalie from the Quebec league who was chosen in the first round by the Islanders with the fourth pick over all.
The proposal outraged the musical world and many commentators.
Wake Forest 61, Davidson 56 The reserve freshman guard Robert O'Kelley scored 11 points over the final 5:37 as No.
Yet on closer examination of ''this image of bloated midlife crisis,'' Ben notices ''a flaw in the print: the broker appeared to be shadowed by a second image.''
Ruth Abram, president of the Lower East Side Tenement Museum, sees the creation of the new city as a direct reaction to social, political and economic strife that had torn America since the Civil War.
Coach likes a guy like that.
Combine all the remaining ingredients, and pour into baking dish; cover.
After weeks became months, worried friends hired a private investigator to find Mr. Craig.
That's one thing I really admired about him, always a gentleman.
But the judge rejected defense arguments that the campaign contribution charges were beyond the authority of the independent counsel who sought the indictment as part of the investigation of Mr. Espy.
Now, it goes without saying that this case has overwhelming political dynamics.
But the Magic still had enough to beat the Sixers, who got 21 points from Allen Iverson and 18 from Jimmy Jackson.
In Belleplain State Forest in the Pine Barrens, the woodland edges and powerline cuts harbor elfins, hairstreaks, cloudywings and the cobweb skipper.
She said there had also been ''a couple instances where we told the committee staff when there was something inaccurate that was said by a senator.''
Nutritional Calculator That Doesn't Say No If you are determined to improve your diet in 1998, then Carolyn Gump's nutrition calculator might help.
''We got four in the second part of April,'' the sergeant said, speaking matter-of-factly through a ham sandwich.
He taught history for thirteen years at The Hill School, became director of the Edwin Gould Foundation's Lakeside School, and later became the executive director of the Foundation, retiring in 1969.
Others can believe what they want.''
The raised banner and the laser show apparently provided some inspiration for the Devils to rise to the challenge of playing against Lindros and the Flyers, the favorite in the Eastern Conference this season.
But Green was not second-guessing the call, the last one in a 23-21 loss to the Jets, and he was not interested in listening to anyone else try.
And the neon realm is poised for a dramatic expansion westward with the construction later this year of a 900-foot-long sign board wrapping the facade of the Port Authority Bus Terminal.
Neil O'Donnell, Foley and Clements will see action Saturday night when the Jets open their exhibition season against the Philadelphia Eagles at Giants Stadium.
Noel Lindsey, an analyst with Deutsche Morgan Grenfell in San Francisco, said the deal could give Compaq an entry into the market for remote access concentrators, which are computers that manage multiple outside connections to a network.
As one character states: ''In the normal order of things, no one is ever recognized.
Notre Dame was penalized 10 times for 92 yards.
The sixth floor is being turned into an apartment for the Etro family to use on visits here.
By that time West 72d was a well-known connecting parkway between the carriage drives of Central Park and Riverside Drive.
KITTATINNY CANOES, Dingmans Ferry Bridge, Dingmans Ferry, Pa., (800) 356-2852.
''He's total out-of-control id on the radio, but off the air he wasn't a lunatic at all.''
Several priests have enthusiastically joined the rehabilitation campaign, portraying Mr. Pavelic as a pious leader who championed Christian values.
More than one-third of all important battlefields are either ruined or nearly so.
Wiberg had a combined time of 1 minute 44.55 seconds, nearly .8 seconds ahead of Slovenia's Urska Hrovat.
On an operating basis, however, Viacom's loss was narrower than expected.
Earlier this week, Saks and a partner offered $290 million for Barney's.
President Fernando Henrique Cardoso sought to reassure investors, pledging that Brazil remained committed to fighting off speculative attacks on its currency.
Companies in trouble often hire lawyers to conduct investigations.
It's not a place of slick concerts, fancy outfits or image control.
Besides Villa-Lobos, the composer are Granados, Albeniz and Sarasate.
Equity Funding was a hot insurance stock in 1973 until it was disclosed that much of the company's financial results were fraudulent and had been built on masses of bogus life insurance policies.
The scientists do not yet know what distinguishes a high-ranking female from a subordinate, or why the offspring of dominant females fare better than those of the lowly.
It is setting up outside department stores and using merchandise displays and an interactive computer to assist men with their wardrobe problems.
After the widely admired 31-year-old high school teacher had been stabbed, shot and robbed in his Upper West Side apartment, Mr. Arthur, like so many other young violent offenders, could hardly wait to tell friends what he had done, police said.
Unilever N.V. said yesterday that earnings rose 60 percent in the fourth quarter.
The dollar was little changed at 1.7645 marks, down from 1.7651 marks in European trading on Thursday, but up from 1.7613 marks in New York on Wednesday.
Mr. Sprei, who is currently serving his prison sentence, could not be reached for comment.
Hampton, the team's career rushing leader and rushing-attempts leader, is still hobbled by the knee surgery he had on Aug. 26.
The books and records of the Medicare agency and its contractors were in such disarray that they could not be thoroughly audited, said June Gibbs Brown, inspector general of the Department of Health and Human Services.
My husband and I have crossed the Rio Grande many times in Texas and New Mexico -- on foot, in a rowboat, across a rope bridge.
Every now and again, a school or church appears.
Though Mr. Alexie criticized the image of Indians in Kevin Costner's ''Dances With Wolves'' (1990), he said the film's success had opened the door for Indian filmmakers and for movies with Indian themes.
BOATHOUSE CAFE, Central Park, at 75th Street, reachable from the entrance at 72d Street and Fifth Avenue, (212) 517-3623.
Worldcom's stock price has declined from a peak of $39.875 on Oct. 7 to $32.9375 today, down $1.0625 for the day.
If you have cancer or have lost an arm or are blind in one eye, it's pretty clear.
Their unwillingness to collect the sales tax from consumers -- fortified by two Supreme Court rulings -- left the states with no practical way of coaxing the taxes out of individuals who purchase out-of-state goods by mail or telephone.
The Senators are tied for eighth in the conference with Hartford, which beat Montreal by 4-1 last night.
This may ultimately prove to be a convenient way to exchange large computer files with someone on the street.''
Whether it was Errol Flynn lingering over a gin martini at the old Mocambo or John Belushi's drug-laced rock club revels, the Strip was L.A. incarnate -- a locus of sex, celebrity and a little sleaze, where an average Joe might rub elbows with a few of the celebrities that are the city's essence.
Smokers should have the right to balance the burdens and pleasures in their lives.''
The exercise of those warrants generates additional cash for the company, as well as fees for D. H. Blair, the underwriter.
The Mining and Lace Museums in the castle, Idrija; 65-71-135.
David F. Funkhouser, an Episcopal priest, officiated at the Morris Arboretum.
Instead, he demanded from Yeltsin -- and won -- the right to craft his own privatization: the city retained ownership of almost all former state property on its territory, which it now sells or leases at steep prices.
Invert the puddings over the spinach.
This is the best part of life, and it has to be planned for.''
The ominous tone and mounting tension of the narrative augur a cataclysmic finale.
Mr. Dodd, whose father, Thomas Dodd, prosecuted the head of the German central bank at the Nuremberg trials after the war, said he could not believe that the Swiss were unaware that ''not only was the gold looted from central banks of conquered nations of Europe, but was literally composed of the teeth ripped out of the skulls of the victims at Auschwitz and Buchenwald and Bergen-Belsen and other death camps.''
Hospital Board The Board of Legislators has nominated 10 candidates to serve on the County Medical Center's new governing board of directors.
The company owns more than one million acres in Florida that Mr. Schmitt values at about $1 billion.
Eventually this was succeeded by the sublime flattery of a Van Dyck, in whose hands all sitters became princes or princesses, if they weren't already.
When a particularly unsavory picture is shown on television, it is his job to inform his competitors that they must tone it down or lose the cooperation of the police.
That represents 2.76 days of average trading volume on Nasdaq, up slightly from 2.75 days in April.
Tertiary care involves highly skilled medical treatment for heart disease, cancer and other serious illnesses.
Dr. Kevorkian, who has admitted attending 45 deaths since 1990, faces four felony charges, including violating the state's unwritten common law banning physician-assisted suicide, for his role in the Aug. 30 death of Loretta Peabody, who suffered from multiple sclerosis.
''Now we'll never know,'' Dr. Rasmussen added.
And last week Republic straightened out that oversight, banishing Mr. Polistina and his music to make way for new A.T.M.'s.
A feeling of calm and space pervades the village.
But there is some sense among the Giants that a loss at home to a team as historically inept as the Saints could have a serious, long-term effect on the team's image.
A. R. LIBOFF Rochester, Mich., Sept. 7, 1997 The writer is a professor of physics at Oakland University.
A tourist from Hong Kong who went out for an evening stroll near City Hall on Friday night was robbed of $10,000 in cash and of jewelry worth $262,000, the police said.
''The same irresponsible crowd that shut down the Government is now shutting down disaster relief,'' said Senator Byron L. Dorgan, Democrat of North Dakota, one of the states hardest hit by floods.
These were neat, nice, small real-wood houses, usually white, with porches.
Mr. Howard, a free agent going into contract negotiations, needs to look out for himself.
In other markets, natural gas fell sharply, and silver rose to a five-week high.
Over the last 18 years, while the compounded annual return on the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was 17.3 percent, Geico's stock investments gained 23.2 percent.
On the one hand, it is a boon to South Asian artists, writers and musicians.
And whatever the legal situation, it is he who will be described once again in countless bars, locker rooms and living rooms as a womanizer unfit for high office.
The 62-63 by Cook tied a PGA Tour record for 36 holes that Cook shared with three others.
Though they will be only the fourth owners, the new investors say they plan to keep the hotel only about five to seven years.
The gentle approach is out.
Roughly translated, ''having the craic'' (pronounced ''crack'') means ''having a blast.''
JOY WEINER never really planned to make shopping her career.
As part of the new agreement the developers will contribute $2 million to the township for continuing improvements to Commons Way, which cuts through the site and is considered the gateway into the community.
But when stars carry the puck, Gretzky said, opponents don't ''hand out flowers'' to the man trying to beat them.
Contributions in his memory may be made to the World Federation of United Nations Associations, D.C. 1-1177 United Nations, New York, New York 10017.
''My decision to retire reflects my commitment and desire to devote considerable time to my family and personal well being.''
Many proponents of single-sex education see it as a temporary fix helpful for some students.
The fifth nominated short, ''Wordless,'' from Italy, delves into love and the follies of human miscommunication.
If you take the President and all his officials of the Government, who's going to make all the decisions for the country?
Do you think it is better for the environmental movement if its activists are idealistic or should they be pragmatic and understand the economic issues as well?
(A particle going backward in time appears as its antiparticle, with identical mass but opposite charge and spin.)
The stringent measures, including extensive roadblocks, a legal limit of 0.08 percent blood alcohol level, a high number of arrests, license revocations and more have cut the rate of drunken driving in that state to the lowest in the country.
(713-546-0246) * GEORG SOLTI So where did we leave that Chicago Symphony festival?
Finished items are wrapped in acid-free tissue paper.
Ms. Tilberis -- with Fabien Baron, the creative director of Bazaar -- made the clean, uncluttered look of minimalism part of the magazine's image when she took over in 1992.
They are the veterans Mike Keane and Brian Skrudland, both former captains for other teams, who could help pick up some of the slack.
''We hope these initiatives can begin to restore public confidence in the Government's investigations of possible incidents of chemical agent exposure.''
Predeceased by her grandson Warren A. Wegner, Jr. Grandmother of six, great grandmother of 16.
From 1960 to 1968 he also was chairman, secretary and a director of Orbit, which produced electronic telephone equipment and was sold by him.
Her father is a restorer of pianos and her mother is a pianist.
It is not necessarily parental pressure that propels them to socialize with those of similar backgrounds.
For Republicans, the vote on the savings account was a long-sought victory in their efforts to seize the political advantage on education from the Democrats.
My advice, Madam, is to stop grousing, thank Heaven for a free market and start doing something that will keep the Dow Jones flying.
There is no way to predict the future, of course, but after looking at the calendar of companies' contract negotiations with organized labor, economists and other analysts say that another serious strike is highly unlikely for at least the remainder of the year.
The arrest and the police account of a teen-age prostitution ring surprised many residents on the quiet street of two-family homes.
Hasidic women, schooled in modesty, were especially reticent.
Usually, members of a pack would all be part of the same biological family, with only the alpha pair breeding, and inbreeding would not be a regular occurrence.
Most writers benefit from the refinements of editing, group or otherwise.
Mr. Newell suggested that in the new film the Al Pacino character, Lefty, a constantly broke gambler whose sleeves get more threadbare as the story progresses, is a gangster for the 90's.
Earlier this year, it allowed its brokers to continue selling Van Kampen mutual funds, even after Morgan Stanley, the owner of Van Kampen, agreed to merge with Dean Witter, a Smith Barney competitor.
Mr. McGreevey said that breast cancer had touched his family, too, and he took the opportunity to promote legislation he had sponsored requiring insurance companies to cover the cost of mammograms.
International mining companies now rushing to sign lucrative contracts with his representatives should also heed these events, taking care that their royalty payments not be used to finance the crimes of a new Zairian dictatorship.
There is no reason for us to work with her.''
In her classroom last week, Mrs. Schutz let the discussion flow in unexpected directions.
Mr. Carey said he had met only five times with Mr. Davis, the consultant behind the fund-raising scheme.
Dana Carrie Dorfman, the daughter of Judy and Joel Dorfman of Allendale, N.J., was married last evening to Scott Geoffrey Grubin, the son of Ruth and Harold Grubin of West Hartford, Conn.
There is detailed information on buying wine at the winery.
said Nasifa Kolar, a 50-year-old former official from the town of Bosanski Brod, now under Serb control, who came to Germany two years ago.
Ms. Bellamy said the North Korean Government had changed its attitude in the last three to six months and was allowing agencies to work in more areas.
In the Brooklyn streets where Detective Sommer has been searching, it is possible to go from a grocer to a baker to a restaurant to a gas station and never hear a word of English.
Tonight she will serve as master of ceremonies at a benefit at the Plaza for the Institute of International Education, an educational and cultural exchange organization.
It is actually a recreation of an old idea, she said, in that it tries to replicate the life of a small town or village.
Mr. Clinton will use his appearance at J.H.S.
Landlords contend that this inspection system is woefully understaffed and that records are badly kept, leading to hundreds of thousands of outdated or inaccurate violations that sometimes prevent landlords from selling or refinancing their buildings.
Cases of familial breast cancer account for about 5 to 10 percent of the total burden of the disease.
''A sadist doesn't have magazines,'' he answered.
26TH DISTRICT Parts of Essex, Morris and Passaic.
In April 1993, he and other leaders of homosexual groups met with President Clinton, the first such delegation to be welcomed to the Oval Office.
of FIT/SUNY mourns the death and celebrates the life and adventures of our beloved colleague, Professor Jack Lowery, FASID, IDEC.
Investigating cause and effect may be his job, but keeping dinner interesting is his passion.
The market had already fallen some when Ms. Garzarelli, who runs the investment firm Garzarelli Capital, made her announcement.
Survivors include his wife, Jeanne Kallmeyer Snyder of Sandy Spring, Md.
Your gratitude at evening's end may be such that you're tempted, in fact, to leave a tip.
But his work deserves the reprise that this show provides.
because it severely handicaps the children from the outset.''
I'm very good at it.
At those meetings, Mr. Tenet's letter said, Mr. Nicholson sold the Russians ''the names and positions of a large number'' of C.I.A.
May beautiful memory bring comfort to those who mourn her passing.
''What we think may have happened, and this is pure theory, is that unfortunately Mark came along at the wrong time when the lion was in a hunting mode,'' Mr. Caldwell said.
The romaine lettuce is coated with just the right mix of lemon, olive oil, Parmesan and anchovies and then wantonly piled on the plate.
But before we abandon arithmetic, let's see how total reliance on an electronic crutch adds up in some locality -- and if its users can compete later.
''Home buyers may be a little grumpy, after putting in 40 hours or more per week,'' said Ms. Duncan.
So should a tax-and-transfer scheme that is disguised as a dairy compact.
The price of the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond rose 8/32, to 101 18/32.
This first novel meditates, in exuberant, almost acrobatic prose, on the decline and fall of a family in India.
''I would never shoot these cars,'' Tanya Valerien, the art director, said, dismissively waving at the regular hacks sailing past.
At 11:25, he radioed controllers in New York that he had reached that altitude and wanted to climb to 10,500.
Union officials say that as a result of the merger, the city will have to buy 150 fewer ambulances than it had planned.
Without a mental-defect argument, the defense team is left to face an expected barrage of prosecution evidence linking Mr. Kaczynski to a series of package bombings that killed 3 people and injured 28 others in an anti-technology terror campaign that began almost two decades ago, in 1978.
A fire and explosion here at the country's only nuclear waste reprocessing plant have raised public concern about the safety of atomic power and cast a cloud over Japan's already controversial program to harness deadly plutonium as a source of energy.
Drug use among young adults 18 to 25 years old continued to rise, the survey said, and increasing numbers of young people said they doubted that drug use was risky.
In the state, we're now working to change the building aid formula, trying to sweeten the pie.''
One of these is corrosion in the wiring in the tanks caused by sulfur in the fuel.
The four performances in the series will feature varying styles of dance: the Alvin Ailey Repertory Ensemble on Jan. 18, the New York Theater Ballet on April 19 and the QC Dance Project on May 10.
In a memorandum to Mr. Clinton in July 1995, Mr. Ickes explained the origins of the brochure and discussed various fund-raising techniques for the 1996 campaign.
A rise in emergency room reports of Ritalin overdoses in children ages 10 to 14 parallels the rise of the legal use of the drug in the general population.
At the court hearing, the judge postponed deliberations, pending consultations between the two sides.
is to see a prototypical captain of industry at the height of corporate and sartorial power.
Then strikingly, just after the Lightning was given its first power play of the game, the Islanders used it as a scoring opportunity.
But while patients of the 19th century were prepared to spend months on their cures, we will give it an hour, or maybe two if we can get a great haircut as well.
The campaign is a very downtown, fashion-conscious approach for a company still remembered for polyester pants, Ms. Hart said, adding, ''It's a fun approach for a very traditional company.''
Last summer he introduced Mr. Corman to a convention in Las Vegas.
Roshan informs him that New York is going to print letters from David Geffen and the writer Andrew Tobias responding to a cover story on gay trophy boys that Roshan co-wrote.
The Avalanche, 6-2-2 over the last 10 games, are now 2-for-31 on the power play after going 0-5 against the Detroit penalty-killers.
After searching in vain for suitable space, the five partners of the Lazer, Aptheker, Feldman, Rosella & Yedid law firm decided to build their own.
Of Mr. Gore's statement that ''no controlling legal authority barred his phone calls, Mr.
Don Newcombe came around, but he would still knock me down every chance he got.
In an interview with The Staten Island Advance, published today, Ms. McCaughey Ross confirmed widespread speculation that if she were dropped from the statewide ticket next year, she would consider running for another office.
4 in the ATP rankings, told the daily Sportske Novosti in Zagreb he was quitting Davis Cup play because of the way the Croatian Tennis Association is being run and his differences with its head, Suad Rizvanbegovic.
But today Mr. Davis said he had been in error.
But they soon discovered that the trio demanded priority in terms of time.
This summer two other twins -- Keith Cash (Chiefs) and Kerry Cash (Raiders) were also trying to make it in the league.
''I remember telling Bill that Tom came with a great recommendation,'' Young recalled.
''I'm very happy; it's definitely a great accomplishment,'' said Williams of her newfound Grand Slam vantage point.
If Mr. Gray were to win, he would have to move, as his home is actually in the adjacent 12th Legislative District.
That's true not just for Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds, but also for the third largest American company, Brown & Williamson Tobacco, a subsidiary of BAT Industries PLC.
A1 How Taiwan Lost the Bomb Col. Chang Hsien-yi, a longtime spy for the Central Intelligence Agency, rose to the top of Taiwan's secret nuclear weapons program and stole vital documentation that stopped the bomb program in its tracks in 1987, former intelligence officials said.
In mid-December, Mr. Sommer announced rate cuts totaling about $1.3 billion in the first salvo of deals and bargains.
He quoted Marshall as saying: ''The present doctrine seems to be that a Judge giving a legal opinion contrary to the opinion of the legislature is liable to impeachment.''
The New Jersey Economic Development Authority and the State Department of Transportation are to lend the city $7.8 million for the project.
FOR Graciela Heymann, living a comfortable life in Chappaqua made her reflect on the need to stay connected to her Hispanic background.
+2 - 2 THE MILLIONAIRE NEXT DOOR by Thomas J. Stanley and Willaim D. Danko (Longstreet Press, $22).
I was driving along West 43d Street near Times Square.
He's not going to race again.''
The Securities and Exchange Commission has approved rules that are intended to improve listing standards on the Nasdaq National Market and the Nasdaq Small Cap Market, the National Association of Securities Dealers said today.
In the end, the Stella and the Bacon do seem to define extremes -- one abstract, the other figurative -- that most of the artists here seem bent on combining.
Dr. Dre's latest video, ''Been There, Done That,'' depicts a ballroom full of elegant couples doing the tango, while LL Cool J's new video, ''Ain't Nobody,'' shows cheerfully attired rappers playing golf and snowmobiling.
''They have created a compelling list of stuff to do,'' said Emily Green, an analyst for Forrester Research in Cambridge, Mass.
Beloved wife of the late Max J.
The advertising business is known for fads and cycles, when people think the law of gravity has been repealed.''
The order's reluctance to allow Mother Teresa to retire appears to have been compounded by uncertainty over whom to appoint in her place.
The Acura division of Honda announced that its satellite navigation system, which made its West Coast debut last summer, will be available in the East in April as a $2,000 option on its $40,000-plus 3.5RL sedan.
It undertook the tests after another turboprop, an American Eagle ATR-72, crashed in ice near Roselawn, Ind., in October 1994, killing all 68 aboard.
Another optimist is Dr. Roy L. Walford, a pathologist and researcher at U.C.L.A.
Jacques Torczyner, President and Honorary President, ZOA ILUTOVICH-Leon.
If a town has access to a compatible computer, they can download the information.
I rented an economy car at the airport in Phoenix from Value Rent a Car, (800) 327-2501; the weekly rate was $109, with unlimited mileage, but I also got a 5 percent A.A.A.
The areas controlled by Mr. Kolelas were peaceful but crammed with people escaping the fighting.
Mr. Monsoon, whose real name is Bob Marella, stands 6 feet 6 inches and weighs around 300 pounds, down 100 pounds from his wrestling weight in the 1970's.
AT AGE 17, SHE AUDITIONED for Mikhail Baryshnikov, then Ballet Theater's artistic director, who was seeking to create his own stars by bringing dancers up from the corps rather than importing them from abroad.
They should be thankful for the early warning.
The girls will be going off to college next year, and he has established a fund for their education.
Investigators said the youths promised to release him after getting the money, but Mr. Velez and Mr. Grullon grew fearful that he might be able to identify Mr. Velez as a former employee and decided to kill him.
Players like Ledesma, a six-year minor league free agent, are taking turns gaining hero status; witness Ledesma's 2-out, 11-pitch, bases-loaded walk that started a 7-run inning -- the Orioles' largest rally of the season -- in a comeback victory over Anaheim last Saturday.
''Everybody in the building wanted him to get it,'' Holik said.
This gorgeous selection of 81 photographs from Stieglitz's famous photographic portrait (taken between 1917 and the mid-1930's) includes not only the pictures Georgia O'Keeffe selected in 1978 but also many she specifically excluded.
In his toast, Mr. Clinton said the statue was a metaphor for Mr. Yeltsin's own extraordinary ability ''to stay in the saddle, and not lose his footing even in rough terrain.''
Milbury said yesterday that signing Messier would probably require a contract of more than one season.
THE allure of the Hamptons and prosperity on Wall Street are creating a bull market for land and new housing in the towns of Southampton and East Hampton, where development of farmland and other open areas is rivaling the pace set during the real estate boom of the mid 1980's, according to some conservation groups.
''We really couldn't have afforded anything else.''
''Queen Kelly,'' directed by Erich von Stroheim, a silent film with live music.
The problem was that the ergo-people in back-fitness diagrams are sleeping properly, flat on their backs or in a line on their sides.
''He just calls an hour before and says, 'Mom, I'm hungry,' and Mom cooks.''
The celebration, organized by the Grand Forks Convention and Visitors Bureau, was an effort to rejuvenate the spirit of the community, said Ben Hart, executive director of the bureau.
''We need homogeneous economic expansion.''
Now the laboratory, whose 3,200 employees belong to a nonprofit agency working for the Department of Energy, is fighting to regain its credibility at a time when the Federal Government is questioning the need for national laboratories.
People, homes, livestock and crops were swept away.
When they married, Mrs. Sanders had two children and Mr. Sanders had three.
The toys, which merchants say they buy for roughly $3, are designed by the company's owner, Ty Warner, who has them sewn and stuffed, not with beans but with polyvinyl chloride pellets, in China.
His oil paintings are challenging because they are done in the style of Italian Renaissance painting and are full of details that are accurate in terms of either the historical period (a Florentine bell tower) or the painting style (billowing hair and drapes, melodramatic gestures).
He let Bob Dole fly around on jets that belong to his family's financial empire.
Mr. Goldman speaks to workers on the supposition that they know who he is.
Now I've been there and done that.''
They simply listened to their coach after practice and played well.
UPDATING GRIMM Neely Bruce has written a new libretto and composed a new score for ''Hansel and Gretel,'' to be presented by the Connecticut Opera on Friday at 7:30, Saturday at 2 and 7:30, and next Sunday at 2 and 4 P.M. at the Roberts Theater, 170 Kingswood Road in West Hartford.
The Radio Corporation of America's broadcast of the Jack Dempsey-Georges Carpentier heavyweight title bout in 1921 -- the first live transmission of a major sporting event and a technological feat at that time -- is credited with popularizing radio.
And only deep inside the structure does one find a lively walkway lined with employee amenities -- coffee bars, shops, a bank branch -- in a half-Disney, half-Microsoft setting befitting a modern high-technology giant.
Bogues limped off the court today with a heavy leg wrap.
No reason was given for the decision, but Mr. Cosby, in a statement, did not indicate that he had any objections to it.
Another tried to grab an alligator's head from his boat and was pulled into the water.
The system is expected to eventually offer information on arraignments, trials, bail hearings and probation.
Today and next Sunday at 2 P.M.; Thursday and Friday at 8 P.M.; Saturday at 2 and 8 P.M. Tickets: $21; $19 for the elderly; $7.50 to $18 for students.
And Elizabeth Ferrell was a youthful, loving Nurse with a firm sense of morality.
Shortly after he died, she was arrested and convicted of smuggling foreign currency -- the royalties she collected for Pasternak from the West.
In the interview, he said his philanthropy was still most heavily influenced by his former professor, Sir Karl Popper, a philosopher who wrote a renowned critique of Marx and Marxism.
New Jersey drivers spend more than $207 million each year repairing damage to their cars caused by bad roads, -- more money than in all but four states, two public-interest groups said yesterday.
He also indicated that he wanted to defer tax cuts until the budget was balanced.
''I'm not happy with the human rights violations,'' Mr. D'Amato said.
''While I don't see an immediate arms race developing in the region, I do see these advanced weapons purchases contributing to destabilizing relations between countries,'' said Sarah Walkling, a senior analyst for the Arms Control Association, a Washington-based research agency.
''The challenge for us is to figure out -- if people are going to live another 10 or 20 years -- what's beyond these walls for them,'' Ms. Quattrochi said.
Would he take English classes to prepare for a statistics exam?
Mr. Mahoney is survived by two daughters, Martha Mahoney Sadler of Palm Beach and Helen Mahoney Pardoe of New York; a son, Daniel J.
We have lost a very dear friend.
The revelation brings him no bursting dawn, only an attenuated half-light.
In fact, many college and university presidents, seeking respite and solitude from stressful jobs in which few last longer than seven years, are spending less time in their stately mansions and campus showplaces and more time in private retreats that may well be kept secret even from their own staffs.
My feeling was, don't add that additional piece to our plate at this time.
But that estimate was based only on differences in economic assumptions.
NEW JERSEY GOVERNMENT OFFICES -- Closed.
There are also about 9 million households with a part-time home business with average receipts of $10,000, he said.
But they say there is more to designing a graphics work station than installing a fast chip.
With the approval of Mikhail Gorbachev, Mr. Shevardnadze transformed the nature of Soviet foreign policy.
In six meetings this season, Florida won three, lost one and tied two.
''I heard someone say 'Get 'em,' then a pit bull and a Rottweiler came out and ran us back to the sidewalk,'' Officer Gilworth recalled, saying that Matthaeus Jaehnig was the only one arrested.
Lewis said it was ''unbelievable.''
Ms. Marino, the school principal, remains convinced that the sweatshop issue is beyond the students' level.
Cabletron Systems Inc., a computer networking company based in Rochester, N.H., said yesterday that it was paying $20 million for an unspecified stake in the closely held Ipsilon Networks Inc., a start-up company in that business.
Terrance Brennan, the owner and chef of Picholine, added cheeses about three years ago.
Even Anthony Mason was impressed.
He's quite a bright young man, so mentally he's on top of the game.
Then the familiar hiss became a deafening screech, and a fiery explosion sent hundreds fleeing in panic from the poor Hispanic community that lies in the refinery's shadow.
''As a child, I pictured her being a doctor, a writer, an intellectual, a gorgeous woman, of course,'' she said, smiling.
Yasuda also said it had asked the Securities Exchange and Surveillance Commission, Japan's market regulator, to look into whether rumors had been intentionally spread to manipulate its stock.
I'm lucky to have bright and dedicated people, one of whom commutes two and a half hours every day to get to work, and you can't be more dedicated than that.''
The councils are to elect a nine-member group that is to help appoint judges and form a permanent electoral council.
There was no public gloating or popping of champagne corks at the White House after Ms. Reno announced that she would not appoint an independent counsel to look into aspects of the Democrats' fund-raising.
While these works introduce an intriguing and sizable artistic ambition, they don't as yet add up to a convincing performance.
BALTIMORE ORIOLES -- Named Fred Dallimore pitching coach and Dave Cash field coach for Rochester of the International League, Joe Ferguson manager, Larry McCall pitching coach and Bien Figueroa field coach for Bowie of the Eastern League, Dave Hilton manager for Frederick of the Carolina League, Tommy Shields manager, Larry E. Jaster pitching coach and Michael G. Myers trainer for Delmarva of the South Atlantic League, Bobby Dickerson manager for Bluefield of the Appalachian League and Butch Davis manger for the Gulf Coast League Orioles.
By 1967, largely because of the efforts of Mrs. Mendes, who moved to New York after the war, her father's story had been so well documented that he was honored in Israel as a Righteous Gentile, with a tree planted in his name at the Yad Vashem memorial to Holocaust victims in Jerusalem.
She considered switching to engineering.
The base rent for a studio is $476; a one-bedroom apartment, $688; a two-bedroom, $873; a three-bedroom, $1,061, and a four-bedroom, $1,190.
To the Editor: Yale Kamisar is right about the unfairness of allowing the Federal Government to retry, under Federal civil rights laws, individuals who are acquitted of criminal charges by state juries (''Call It Double Jeopardy,'' Op-Ed, Feb. 14).
Some politicians in Northern Ireland say the new Government does not want the divisive spectacle of a fiery debate in Westminster over the parades.
Because it is, the Mets know that these early games are not only their best hope, but perhaps their last, if they are to head off another long season of extreme torture in a half-empty Shea Stadium.
In the last week Mr. Kabila has shown off more than 10,000 of these new recruits to reporters at parades in Goma, Bukavu and Uvira.
Dorothy M. Hall, 75, sat with others chased from their homes by the Ohio River.
ABC's entertainment division has coveted that spot since it gave it up to the network's news division two years ago, after NBC's ''E.R.''
Service: The kimono-clad waitresses are charming, but at night they often seem harried; service at lunch is fast and gracious.
With only hours to go before before a legal deadline, Clinton Administration officials said today that they were engaged in last-minute negotiations with the European Community to find a diplomatic solution to an increasingly bitter argument over America's trade embargo on Cuba.
The male, it turns out, is a savage lover, clutching the female in the darkness and injecting sperm into her skin at high pressure, creating a small wound.
From 1949 to 1954, Robinson averaged 100 runs scored a year with a combined batting average of .327; among active players, his six straight seasons batting over .300 were equaled by only Ted Williams and Stan Musial.
Some baseball pitchers -- David Cone may be one -- risked permanent injury to their arms to continue.
He recently relinquished his position as vice chairman of Multicare, but remains a consultant.
Eight people died high on Mount Everest after they were caught in a blizzard on May 10, 1996.
LANSING LAMONT New York, March 24, 1997
Ms. Charo is ''bright, concerned, creative, passionate, stimulating and provocative,'' said Dr. Norman Fost, director of the University of Wisconsin's Program on Bioethics.
''It puts a lot of pressure on the pitcher in that situation.''
''One has to be blind to think that the situation in Hebron is realistic,'' she said.
Compaq is expected to release third-quarter earnings today.
It sometimes seems that the French are going to end up like some indigenous tribe studied by future cultural anthropologists for their odd dress.
At the very least, the sales of the new ''Joy'' will take the pulse of the American appetite.
She also praised the red reflectors on its wheels (an added attraction for night shoppers).
Facing a rout, the Government brought in mercenaries from Serbia, France and Belgium.
So far, Mr. Hwang has not been seen in public.
The International Yogurt Company of Portland, for instance, switched auditors twice during the 1990's.
''There's a lot of confinement here,'' Ms. Santoro said, viewing Ms. Mikos's furnishings -- an overstuffed couch, an overstuffed sofa, a smaller loveseat, a large round dining table, a maple armoire entertainment center, a queen-size bed, a screen with cut-out metal animals and two television sets, one big enough for a sports bar.
But the most potent transfusion of pride came on Nov. 30, 1993, when the National Football League announced its decision to place an expansion team in Jacksonville.
She and her husband, Walter, the theater critic, moved to Larchmont in the 1940's.
And in the streets we know who's taking care of them: the pimps and the drug dealers.
I don't think it will.''
She also added money for expanding tax-free zones in urban areas to help lure new businesses.
(The exhibition, which runs through Sept. 14, was supported by Kodak Professional and CCF, a French bank.)
''This is what I have to do to get them in school,'' she said.
On Thursday, Mr. Donaldson will present a written argument asking that the judgment against Dow Jones be set aside.
Nursing homes can then give such patients post-acute care, which is more lucrative than simply providing custodial care, much of it financed by Medicaid, for patients with limited needs.
For now, the cycles and rhythms of the taxi industry, the city and American immigration roll on.
The wrecker's ball feels no nostalgia, nor is Times Square exempt from the laws of gravity.
London Star will be moving from a total of 15,000 square feet at 600 Fifth Avenue and 1212 Avenue of the Americas, both at 48th Street.
But Europe has been sacred for 50 years.
He looked back to a difficult boyhood.
Those who do not believe it, who are thinking about what happened to Greg Norman last year when his six-stroke lead after three rounds evaporated into a Nick Faldo victory, might want to think again.
Devoted grandfather of Eric, Diane and Michael.
In an office purge two days before he was hired, the Celtic family was reduced by almost a dozen.
Sharon Elizabeth Isaak and Lee James Hoffman, segment producers for ''Dateline NBC,'' the television program, were married last evening.
Then Lloyd Kiefer, 22, examined old maps and newspapers in which he found references to Hog Island.
Mr. Wenders easily mixes Winter's gleeful treasure hunt for sounds with the larger discovery of this alluring place.
I'm not trying to define it so narrowly that you can say no.
A slowdown ''will get a lot of people who frankly shouldn't be in the business out of the business,'' Mr. Muller of Mission Energy said.
Tax of 15 percent is extra, as is any insurance the renter chooses to buy.
Revise him, certainly, but as Gowers said in 1965, ''Rewrite him and he ceases to be Fowler.''
The company was to have performed at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington in May and at theaters in Boston and Philadelphia.
The stock of Interactive Group Inc. soared 33 percent yesterday after the company agreed late on Thursday to be acquired by the Dataworks Corporation for $57 million in stock.
Mr. Clinton ''is very energized on this,'' a senior aide said.
How did the legend materialize that he banged the desk?
And, to make matters worse, whatever the amount of this subsidy, it is one that we alone pay for but one that benefits the rest of the industrialized world disproportionately -- they don't pay the subsidy, and in fact use gulf oil far more than we do.
She was in bed when she heard the angry voices outside the one-room apartment she and her husband shared on the outskirts of this defunct mining town near the border with Congo.
''I tell them I really don't have anything for them,'' Mr. Romanoff said of apartment hunters.
But shelling out $2,000 or so every few years is awfully expensive.
''But these $65 shoes from Kinney's are terrific.
The proposal to ban street vendors did not get unanimous support from Community Board 8.
That game persuaded Smith to abandon the up-tempo, trapping defensive schemes he had resurrected after several years employing more passive alignments.
And it is a comfort when a comedienne whom we know, whom we love, whom we've known for years and years, whom we've loved for years and years, tells us that there has been a drug problem in her family.
Nicholson, 17, was later charged with aggravated assault, a felony, along with simple assault and reckless endangerment of another person.
She had short brown hair and concealed her pudginess beneath her baggy grunge clothes.
The power-play goals, giving the Rangers leads of 1-0 and 2-1, were scored by Karpovtsev and Brian Leetch.
''It's been a hell of a run,'' said Mr. Cetta, who has owned the restaurant for 31 years with his brother, Pat.
The next day we pointed our little Ford north on the M-5 highway and headed toward Glastonbury, a town of 9,000 people in Somerset currently being heralded as the ''British Jerusalem,'' a mecca for various religious persuasions.
Instead, children of immigrants like Josephine Smith, 28, a travel agent born to Jamaican parents, say it is simply a matter of comfort.
Dear brother of Mary Jane and Patricia.
And 18 more acres will be for park-and-ride lots to serve the state's 20.5-mile light rail system along the Hudson River, the southern half of which, to be completed by 1999, starts in Bayonne.
9 7 2 COME THE SPRING, by Julie Garwood.
John Tierney's article ''At the Intersection of Supply and Demand'' (May 4) has the makings of a splendid utopian novel, which might be entitled ''When Landlords Lie Down With Tenants!''
*A Federal judge in Brooklyn found last year that the City Board of Elections had in effect disenfranchised many voters that September by failing to deliver voting machines to polling places and by using improper ballots.
And 40 percent of the women in their 40's who have these tumors have mastectomies.
He named a Croatian woman, Marina Nuic, whose death he says he now regrets, as one of the victims.
Critics of China on Capitol Hill point to China's effort to intimidate the likes of Disney or Star TV to bolster their argument that the Administration was foolish to draw an arbitrary distinction between trade issues and human rights.
And we're not interested in it.''
3 leader in the House.
The goal for the intervention group was not to reduce the total amount of fat in the diet before age 2, only to make a small reduction in saturated fat, the kind linked most strongly to heart disease.
They're well-played, too, with Fredric March (as the devilish papa), Ann Blyth (above with March), Edmond O'Brien, Dan Duryea and the great Florence Eldridge (Mrs. March) as the genteel mother -- Friday at 1 P.M. on American Movie Classics.
Mr. Zinnemann aided the careers of many actors.
As of this week, however, the Russell index has outperformed the Dow, when measured from the beginning of 1997.
I'm afraid of politics or religion that's too emotional.''
But he concedes that's a pretty faint hope.
Cooper's shares slipped 12.5 cents, to $50.0625.
Rayshard Allen scored 24 points, leading host TULANE (20-9, 11-3) to an 83-71 victory over No.
Siena is off to a terrific start and with a bit more attention to detail in the kitchen should be Very Good in a very short time.
About $1 billion has been transferred since the Oslo agreements were signed in 1993.
One thing above all led to the undoing of the Republican revolution that Newt Gingrich and his colleagues launched after their election victory in 1994.
Col. Anda Strauss, of the Army Personnel Command in Northern Virginia.
No American company has the technology.
Some others among Diaghilev's most important achievements -- notably ''Parade'' in 1917 and ''Pulcinella'' in 1920 -- found no echo in the collection.
Cravath, Swaine & Moore withdrew its representation of Mr. Steinbrenner because of a potential conflict of interest.
Their father refused to comply with the visitation and custody orders, a defiance that was supported by local and state officials in New York.
Go to a modern a cappella concert and the change is obvious.
The dress is worn by a woman holding a fan and seated on a settee; her back is decorated with a trio of sprite-like figures in Asian dress.
''It colors everything,'' says one agent who insisted on anonymity because he knows Tarses well.
Emmitt Smith of the Dallas Cowboys is listed as being 209 pounds.
''It's just to make the point that you should consult with us,'' the official said.
Here is a sampling of holiday celebrations, including dance and drama events, in Manhattan.
Q:I had the feeling that a lot of what these older folks were saying was going over my head.
Cordova (2-3) gave up seven hits, struck out eight and walked four while pitching out of jams in the first three innings.
They also learned blackface vaudeville routines, putting together a show-stopping act of their own.
A Greyhound bus driver discovered the baby 20 minutes later and the boy was rushed to Atlantic City Medical Center, where he remains in critical condition.
Sake has no sulfites or other preservatives.
''It has also made composing more difficult.
And until we get that out of the way, we may not see much action either way in the market.''
If we had lost, it's like you might have been left thinking, 'What could I have done?'
But at the same time, analysts agree that it would be very hard politically for the Fed to raise interest rates now with no sign of an inflation threat.
The woman said the younger of her two assailants spoke with a stutter, as does Dale Mahan.
For the company, pensions are the issue.
But Lukas has another reason for running a filly against the boys -- his current 3-year-old colts have been a major disappointment.
The Swiss look worst not for what they did during the war -- when they were literally surrounded by the Axis powers -- but for what they did after V-E day.
When Mr. Hassid became director in 1990, there were 240 members taking part in programs in Ardsley.
But mostly, he is pleased that his idea, born in the stars, nurtured by black-and-white television and made bigger than life by Hollywood, is still alive.
All told, the regulations cover roughly half of the city's rental apartments and 2.5 million tenants.
That indicates a significant possible margin of error, as one financial expert who read the document noted.
''I'm very pleased with the way they're playing, and the way they've been winning,'' Wilpon said.
Mr. Aviance, who later described himself as Mr. Galindo's muse, was wearing a beautiful chocolate-and-white polka-dot A-line dress from the designer's spring collection.
We believe this is going to make medicine in this country a lot more cost effective.
Brought along to provide extra shrieks and gasps are the project's dumb tow-headed sound mixer (Owen Wilson) and his scared-silly girlfriend (Kari Wuhrer).
The mystical, vaguely pantheistic tone of these speeches will be unfamiliar to those accustomed to American political oratory, as will Havel's silence about particular government policies.
But all 10 members of the Massachusetts Congressional delegation, all Democrats, have announced their opposition to the fast-track legislation.
Often the food served isn't Spanish but a mixture of currently popular dishes.
This is not an easy task for Philadelphia.
This is an armed insurgency against the Government.''
A play version is never going to be anything other than a rough translation.''
When I was interviewed, I said I was in favor of the Business Improvement District, although I had reservations.
To us it is poison.
''How come we're just finding out?''
What comes next is not clear, although one way or another Parcells is expected to end up as the new coach of the Jets, as well as the man in charge of their personnel decisions.
They are finding themselves in an economic morass, where professional control translates into economic control.''
Crazy Chicken Salad For the salad dressing: 1cups chicken stock 1 3-inch piece ginger, peeled 2 medium cloves garlic, peeled and minced 2 teaspoons salt 2 tablespoons sugar 1 small dried red pepper, crushed, or 1/2 teaspoon hot-red-pepper flakes 3 tablespoons soy sauce juice of 1/2 lemon 2 scallions, thinly sliced 1/4 cup chopped pickled red ginger slices, plus 2 tablespoons of their syrup (available in Asian groceries) 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds 4 tablespoons sesame oil For the salad: 3 cups vegetable oil 6 fresh egg roll wrappers, cut into 2- inch ribbons 11/2 ounces rice vermicelli 1 cup cooked shredded chicken 1/2head iceberg lettuce, cored and cut into thin strips 1 bunch fresh coriander, coarsely chopped 1 cup mung-bean sprouts 7 medium scallions, coarsely chopped 1 cup sesame seeds, toasted and cooled 11/2 cups shaved almonds, lightly toasted and cooled.
Mr. Gujral has set out to remake India's relations with the nations that share the subcontinent.
Mr. Bresky at Murray's Chickens said that infected poultry that would not pass a Federal inspection could be diverted by an unscrupulous wholesaler to the live markets.
According to the brochure, there is a dusty rose department, too, but I haven't figured out what goes in it yet.
One of them, known as the Diva, an androgynous acrobat dressed in salmon-colored ribbons, shinnies up a flowering vine that frames the proscenium, dangling upside down when he reaches the top.
William told me that every day is a challenge and every day you have to work hard.
But at the end, Ms. Fingerhuth said, ''there were only the screams of the victims, and the attackers shouting, ''Allah u Akbar!''
7 1 SEVEN YEARS IN TIBET, by Heinrich Harrer.
The three-strike law is a good law when it is used effectively.
''Virtual communities'' unbounded by time and space would enable new bonds to be forged among formerly isolated individuals.
Federal officials say the middle-class romance with heroin is the newest trend in drug use.
Eric Clapton, Mr. Techno Joining U2, David Bowie and other aging rockers who have gone techno is an unlikely suspect: Eric Clapton.
No, it's not the budget; as the slogan once said, it's the economy, stupid.
In Washington, the recommendation of the Kassebaum Baker committee has become the latest battleground in the debate over women's role in the military, provoking a flurry of reaction pro and con.
We paid for standing room.
To be sure, Michael Moore screened his 1989 documentary ''Roger and Me'' at the market, and this year, he showed his new film, ''The Big One,'' the chronicle of a three-month cross-country road trip.
If residents here are afflicted with voter fatigue -- as might be expected as they approach their fourth election in six weeks -- it was apparent only when the occasional puzzled passer-by had to be told just why another election was taking place.
It took until 1990, he said, for the Museum of the City of New York, established in 1923, to hold an exhibition on the Irish -- who had been a major factor in the life of the city for more than a century and a half.
The Steelers' Mike Tomczak, Steve Walsh, a big free-agent acquisition by the Rams last year, and 38-year-old Dave Krieg are on the market.
The ''signers'' meant, Lincoln explained, that all men were equal in having rights, and by including those words in the Declaration they charged posterity with restoring rights, as soon as circumstances allowed, to those deprived of them.
Brimstone Hill Vineyard Farther north, in Pine Bush, when you see Richard Eldridge's T-shirt motto -- ''J'aime Mon Vin'' -- and and hear Valerie, his wife, chatting about her Loire Valley girlhood, you understand why the tricolor is flown on Bastille Day at the 700-case Brimstone Hill.
She finished at five-under 279.
By the same token, tuition increases are a certainty.
But his victory only consolidated his standing in second place over all in this 84th Tour.
This is true even if the key characters are not explicitly ethnic.
He gave something special to each of us and we each will miss him.
Today at 2 P.M. Tickets: $33 and $36.
Louisville began building a wall to protect itself from the river in 1948, and it completed the first 17 miles in 1957.
ALVA* $(rating: one star$) (212) 228-4399; 36 East 22d Street; $$; all major credit cards.
He grew up poor in Harrisburg, Pa.
Bear, Stearns & Co. and Salomon Brothers.
''We didn't get to play or be on teams when we were growing up,'' said Mary Jo Oliver, who is 68.
Like Joyce and Nabokov and very few others, he knew he was a wonderful writer.
The flash point was a raid by white police officers on an after-hours drinking and gambling club at the corner of 12th and Clairmount Streets, in a heavily black neighborhood.
While insurance was his first love -- he even met his wife, who had joined the company's London office, when her desk wound up near his at Met Life's Manhattan headquarters -- Mr. Fitzhugh also became an agent of political change.
In a reversed-polarity hookup, the black hot wire will be connected to the silver terminal on the same side as the long prong slot, while the white neutral wire will be connected to the brass screw on the same side as the short slot.
The leaders were scheduled to resume their talks on Friday morning.
The City Ballet gala on Thursday night will feature a premiere by Angelin Preljocaj, a French choreographer who works on a highly personal wavelength.
Had the Knicks lost to the lowly Boston Celtics at Madison Square Garden, last night would have been a total waste for the Knicks.
They are the remainder of more than one million Hutu who fled their country; most returned home last year.
Essays about motherhood, nature and other topics by the novelist.
Mental scores averaged 113 for those using walkers that blocked views of the feet, while babies who did not use walkers had an average score of 123.
More men arrived, freeing some of us to help the Randolph Center, East Randolph and Randolph departments fight the blaze.
Sauteed medallions of very fresh lobster are arranged on fragrant saffron rice with fresh mango and a vibrant lime beurre blanc under finely frizzled vegetables.
Mrs. Madikizela-Mandela's lawyer, Ismail Semenya, made little headway cross-examining Mr. Cebekhulu, managing to point out only a few minor contradictions that did not go to the heart of the testimony.
Union leaders are predicting that up to 20 million people will take to the streets.
Her father, who is retired, was a vice president of Geomed Inc., a medical products company in Middlesex, N.J., and an inventor holding 25 patents.
(Columbia Tri-Star and other companies, by contrast, are distributing a small number of films nationwide.)
''I believe that with the right growth conditions we will be able to find phenotypes for most mutants,'' he said.
The warning comes after several European Union nations withheld support for the resolution.
Pro golfers were cruising along, drinking too much, letting the President take a tumble down their steps, waiting for the sweet pension of the Senior Tour, when suddenly this prodigy appeared who had been actually practicing strokes and thinking about courses.
Dear brother of Lynn Kessler.
''If you present an idea here that has any merit and adequate advocacy, Mayor McKenna and the council will put 100 percent support behind it,'' said Tracy Challenger, executive director of RiverCenter, a public-private business alliance that has been instrumental in the Monmouth County town's rebirth.
She used her sexuality, one of the few tools a 16th-century woman could claim, to full political advantage.
Survivor Rembrandt's masterpiece ''Danae,'' mutilated 12 years ago when a man slashed the canvas and splashed it with acid, has gone back on public display at the Hermitage in St. Petersburg, Russia, after being carefully restored by experts there.
Shields, who took over in Game 3 when Hasek sustained a knee sprain, made his third straight start and stopped 31 shots.
The Democrats in New Jersey have also been planning to infuse large quantities of soft money into the gubernatorial race.
''All of a sudden she started crying, saying her uncle was also in the study.''
The clarity and reverence of his dancing affirm that Mr. Bocca has grown from a wunderkind into an artist.
Formerly of Hewlett, NY, passed away on September 8th, 1997 after a long illness.
From the man who brought you ''12 Men, One Goal'' T-shirts in training camp and who encourages his players not to befriend Michael Jordan comes another brain twister to motivate his team.
Behind Mr. Yamasaki's remarks seemed to be the idea that the central bank could temporarily lend the proceeds of bond sales to banks facing difficulty borrowing, thereby alleviating the credit squeeze.
Joe Rogers, a black conservative lawyer who helped organize the suit, recruited nearly 3,500 mothers and fathers of public school students at black churches and Spanish grocery stores before he closed the rolls of plaintiffs last month.
The material in the Beta Pictoris disk is thought to be debris generated by the disruption of asteroid-sized remnants of planet-formation processes.
Inokuma, who had lived in Paris since the late 1930's, was drawn to America by the creative activity of the postwar New York School of painters.
Mr. McKay sued, saying his right to vote is not conditioned on providing that information.
GRAEME LLOYD, one of Wells's close friends, said: ''It was a personal meeting.
Seventy of his 105 pitches were strikes.
Dr. Dertouzos trained many of the people who have made the current computers what they are, Dr. Saffo said.
But Ms. Fields put together a victory with support from her Harlem base and significant strength in the Upper East and Upper West Sides.
Fairfield used a 9-2 run to open a 37-27 lead early in the second half tonight.
But his mind, concentrated on his condition and that of other disabled people, speeds along nonstop.
However, I think this is an arbitrary and capricious decision.
The project merits attention as it seeks to improve economic and environmental conditions on formerly developed parcels that have been unproductive for too long.
The Castlegould and Hempstead House estate had been given to the Institute of Aeronautical Sciences in 1942 by Florence Guggenheim, the widow of Daniel Guggenheim, Harry's father.
But it is not in high demand; few children survive the blast of a land mine.
Thomas's line: 14 points, 6-of-11 shooting from the floor, 2 assists, 3 steals.
Her warmth, beauty, and elegance will be missed.
''And the international threat has stayed very high.''
Joining the regular members of the ensemble are Arthur Haas, harpsichordist, as Bach, Martha McGaughe as Anna Magdelena and nine children from the community.
(He graduated near the top of his class at Brooklyn Law School.)
But other biologists said they expected that the interior proteins of the virus would still cause so powerful an immune response that only one dose of the virus could be injected before a patient's body destroyed it.
He succeeds Manfred von Schiller, who retired after 39 years at Hamilton.
I guess there's a lot of things to do when the TV is turned off.
There have been some flareups since, and in 1991 Mr. Goodlatte had to reconvene a graffiti task force he had formed, but for the most part subway cars have remained remarkably clean.
Then guests would adjourn to the library for brandy and Cuban cigars, though Trump would skip the stogies.
''It's because they think too much.''
Taxpayers and public officials are less interested in where Ms. Ayala and her children will spend the night than they are in why she had seven children in the first place, and where their fathers are.
As every Spanish schoolchild learns, this finely chiseled face, framed with an elaborate headdress and necklaces, represents an Iberian priestess or princess and is believed to be some 2,500 years old.
Although a name does not a champion make, the die was cast on this champion's destiny when her parents named their only daughter after Martina Navratilova, the greatest player to emerge from their native Czechoslovakia.
''That whole time wasn't very nice,'' he said.
TAKING the plunge on a health care stock these days seems akin to bracing for a trip to the doctor.
''I've been biting at the bit, trying to get back in there and show that I can still play,'' said Randolph, a fourth-year defensive back.
He said he asked her on Monday, in a Harrisburg, Pa., hospital, how she had kept ''a positive attitude'' despite the recent death of her husband, and the health problems that have forced her to give up her home.
But Mr. LaPierre's supporters say Mr. Knox is not as interested in that volunteer, figurehead post as much as he wants Mr. LaPierre's job and its $190,000 annual salary.
Predicting the direction and magnitude of changes in interest rates has proved difficult even for professionals.
After that, he lived with his mother and a stepfather, an ex-convict who by the age of 52 had served 21 years in prison for dealing heroin.
Also yesterday, Saks Holdings announced that it expected next month to report first-quarter earnings of about $12.6 million, or 20 cents a share, up from $5.7 million, or 9 cents a share, in the quarter a year earlier on a pro forma basis.
Add the vinegar and cook until the liquid has evaporated.
Big Sisters of Central Indiana gets 35 percent of its money from United Way, down from 67 percent two decades ago.
Mr. McLaren, Gregg Paulson, Karen Paulson and Robert Otto were each indicted on a single felony charge of engaging in organized criminal activity.
In response to questions about reports that had raised the issue in a general way, Mr. Clinton said, ''The charge is serious; we need to get to the bottom of it.''
Mr. Tobias takes up 46 pages in his new book with the intricacies of the no-fault insurance battle but does acknowledge on page 100 that he may be the only person who finds it fascinating.
The study also concluded that interest groups might want to reconsider channeling their resources into issue advertisements.
It was the dollar's highest level against the British currency since late in October.
required an inmate to be enrolled in the facility's junior college before getting a job.
The credentials committee, which will report to the full General Assembly in the next few weeks, is in the spotlight on a number of contentious issues this year.
A former top mobster in Philadelphia testified yesterday that Vincent Gigante had ordered the execution of six gangsters in the 1980's as punishment for the killing of two Philadelphia Mafia leaders.
At 45 Wall Street, half of the 435 studio to four-bedroom units, with 575 to 1,800 square feet on average, have been rented since leasing began six weeks ago, said Kevin P. Singleton, vice president and general manager at the Rockrose Development Corporation, the developer.
San Francisco pitcher Kirk Rueter, who made $260,000 last season while posting a 13-6 record, got an $8.5 million, three-year contract; Milwaukee catcher Mike Matheny got an $800,000, one-year contract, nearly four times his $210,000 salary last season, and Seattle outfielder Rob Ducey received a $350,000, one-year contract, a raise of $150,000.
''I like paying attention to detail, bringing projects in on time and on budget,'' she said.
The screen changes to a stern-faced picture of the State Assembly Speaker, Sheldon Silver, as scraps from two newspaper editorials appear beneath him.
They call him Tree, a nickname that reflects both his heft and strength, making it all the harder for him to confront that his body is slowly giving up on him.
''Right now, there's a disconnect,'' she said.
Mr. Lockhart said Ms. Herman did not know that Mr. Miller was at the coffee.
The 102-year-old mine -- celebrated in an Elton John song with the line ''down, down, deeper than Durban Deep'' -- had as many as 18,000 workers in its heyday, but now employs 2,600.
For a starter, the fried grits and black-eyed pea relish with goat cheese and red pepper sauce is an unusual treat.
Easy Translator works with Netscape Navigator, Internet Explorer and two versions of Mosaic, but it can be configured for only one at a time.
He graduated from Tufts University and received an M.B.A. degree from Harvard University.
And if you suffer an injury, then don't look to the town or any private property owner for damages.
WPP Group in London acquired less than a 10 percent interest in Peapod Inc. in Evanston, Ill., which offers on-line shopping and delivery to consumers in six cities.
''One of the measures we will begin to take now will be a peaceful and legal removal of these police forces from the streets of Belgrade,'' said Vuk Draskovic, an opposition leader.
Separating them will require hard work and a lot of penetrating oil.
Lannie's immediate problem is how to do better on her math and science homework and avoid demotion to the ghetto of the elementary school's remedial track.
Some districts rely on I.Q.
The song has become the world's biggest-selling single recording, with more than 35 million copies purchased.
GREGG SQUIRES New York, Jan. 25, 1997
The Devils were offering to pay Gilmour $2.4 million in the option year of the now-ancient contract that he brought with him to New Jersey when he was acquired from Toronto last spring.
His schedule is still being completed, but he has concerts set for Symphony Hall in Boston on March 4, Avery Fisher Hall in New York on March 18 and the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles on March 25 and 27.
Assigned D John Slaney to Las Vegas of the IHL.
Adored grandmother of Elana and Leah.
Put beans in center and scatter onion rings on top.
Full-color posters of the American Horticulture Society Heat Map are available for $14.95 each from AHS Heat Map, 7931 East Boulevard Drive, Alexandria, Va. 22308-1300.
The 54-year-old Mexican photographer was in Manhattan last month to lecture at the International Center of Photography Midtown and to attend the opening of a major retrospective of Mr. Alvarez Bravo's work at the Museum of Modern Art.
To assuage those concerns, Sir Iain and Sir Colin Marshall, who is the deputy chairman of British Telecom and the chairman of British Airways, addressed MCI's board by video.
Let's spend the time teaching children mathematics or art or music.
Bop Carpenter, an 80-year-old patriarch, has alienated most of his family.
MICHAEL PALIN is the only 54-year-old joining the freshman run at the University of Otago, in Dunedin, New Zealand.
Their relation to the men is a game, a contrast between their sparkle and the stiffness of their partners.
's conclusion that the merger would result in higher prices and decreased competition was based on a small sample of product prices and a flawed theory of the office products market.
Fleet executives outlined the deal after the stock market closed.
''I see the industry growing significantly, but it's just at the beginning.''
Turtle races have also started in Nisswa, a nearby town, and in another town whose name no one could remember.
''I've worked hard at being a good person, but I am not on the short list for canonization.''
Ellen Bitton, president of the Park Avenue Mortgage Group, said: ''As the market continues to improve, more banks will enter the picture.''
I would hope everybody in here would have a bad taste about that game, especially having to go back to New York, to watch them celebrate on the field, with the horses and everything.''
As one of the few American-born Bangladeshis on the block, with Rupali, Mr. Kabir is trying to carve out a new kind of Indian bistro, one that trades sitar ragas for the thump of Bollywood, as the hip-hop style of Indian pop music is called.
In these special cases, the theater-to-video window has been narrowed to between four and five months.
c5, Black's positional threat is to achieve pressure on the c line with 11 .
Sergei Gonchar clinched the victory late in the second period, beating Salo with a slap shot from between the circles.
''I must say that Cato was certainly very much opposed to some of the ideas he came up with in the context of health care reform.
''We are learning as we go along,'' Dr. Kenneth Mayer, a professor of medicine at Brown University, acknowledged.
Here is a closer look at some of the key elements to watch for during the 32d Ryder Cup.
''Branches for us are revenue centers,'' said John R. Georgius, a crack numbers cruncher who was recently promoted to president of the bank.
OEDIPUS ON THE ROAD By Henry Bauchau 240 pages.
Mr. Bovender, who is 51, replaces David Vandewater, who resigned under pressure with Richard L. Scott, Columbia's founder and former chairman who was replaced by Dr. Frist.
The salad of orange, anchovy and black olive sounds intriguing -- it was a fixture on Mrs. Urso's grandmother's holiday table -- but the combination of so many discordant flavors grates, and the dry bits of slightly bitter oregano everywhere only intensify the conflict.
Another sheet with ''1993-2018'' at the top evidently refers to Mr. Gingrich's ideas for achieving goals a quarter century hence: A series of books (''the history of Freedom, prosperity and safety) Possibly a series of courses with audio and videotape .
Yesterday, rescuers used helicopters and boats to search for 11 people still missing in flooded areas of southern Ohio and Kentucky.
The parties agreed to extend the cooling-off period, their second extension, at the request of Transportation Secretary Rodney Slater, ''in view of significant progress made by the parties,'' said a spokesman for the Transportation Department, William Schulz.
The contributions refunded to Mr. Chung, including the check received by Miss Williams, reflect more than 10 percent of the nearly $3 million that the Democratic National Committee has returned in improper and suspicious donations.
''Nobody's signed off on that.
The First Stone Some Questions About Sex and Power.
More memorable was the SX-70, introduced in 1972.
So why is the once-dominant sneaker maker mixing superstars of different eras -- Dr. J, the elder statesman who preceded Michael Jordan, and Rodman, the Chicago Bull most likely to annoy Jordan?
It came on a rebound with the Flyers using an extra attacker trying to somehow make up a two-goal deficit and fend off the inevitable.
When we are constantly thinking of our children as part of us it is very difficult to see what is our issue and what is their issue.
You don't even want to ask.''
Saturday brings three events: the annual Long Island Apple Festival, with an apple pie bake-off, apple bobbing and old-fashioned games, from 11 A.M. to 4 P.M. at the Sherwood-Jayne House on Old Post Road in East Setauket (941-9444); the Seaford Historical Society's Harvest Fair from 10 A.M.to 4 P.M. at the museum on Waverly Avenue (826-1150), and the seventh annual Maritime Festival with exhibits, fireworks, fishing tournaments, whaleboat races, ships' tours and street entertainment throughout Greenport from 10 A.M. to 9 P.M. and again next Sunday from 10 A.M. to 4 P.M. (477-2100).
Perhaps the best evidence of Mr. Berger's skill as a teacher is that in his spare time he taught navigation for the Coast Guard Auxiliary even though he never owned a boat.
As a Navy lieutenant in the war, Mr. Medberry was part of the Normandy invasion force and later served in the western Pacific.
The hero had to be Tech's goalie, L. G. Caravaggio, who had 45 saves in 65 minutes of play.
-- Profiles of 47 American cities, many with links to Web sites.
''Their strategy of trying an off-price business model in upscale real estate was questionable.
During the sentencing phase of Mr. Gray's trial, Mr. Tucker testified that Mr. Gray had admitted to an unrelated killing of a woman and her daughter in 1984.
A determined worker, Mr. Dung wants to save enough money to open a restaurant of his own someday.
Q: You spoke of entitlement reform, but the Medicare Commission will not return its recommendations until the spring of 1999. .
For his performances, which on Friday often slowly bled from section to section, Mr. McFerrin set up short riffs and melodies.
That doesn't make it right.
His string of paintings ends with ''Old Ironsides,'' participant in the War of 1812.
As soon as nonprofit groups are seen as an arm of industry, ''it's going to hurt their fund raising, their stature,'' he added.
Perhaps Bob and colleagues sprinkled intelligence holy water over this fugitive oilman, because warnings that Tamraz had ''significant financial and ethical problems'' were overridden.
We raise 100 acres of hay, 100 acres of corn and about 150 wooded acres, which pretty much offsets a lot of the cost of feeding the animals.
11 1 THE BIG PICTURE, by Douglas Kennedy.
''There is a reason that Promise Keepers is having their rally in Washington with the Capitol as the backdrop.
Make small steam vents with the tip of a sharp knife.
A deep, funny, edifying report on the 1996 campaign, in which the American people appear far wiser and braver than those who aspire to lead them.
Ms. Rice and Mr. Copeland, both with money to burn, have gouged at each other through the daily newspaper, with thousands of dollars' worth of full-page advertisements.
More problematic, perhaps, are Lucent's sprawling real estate holdings.
While Lucent is almost twice the size of its rival north of the border, with 1996 revenue of $23.8 billion to Northern Telecom's $12.8 billion, some analysts think the Canadian company may now enjoy a superior strategic position.
Beloved mother of Lorin and Robert.
''How many times when you do something for someone, do they seem truly appreciative?
In May 1995, Dr. Gilbert H. Mayor of Knoll, which had been bought by BASF AG, wrote The Journal of the American Medical Association and other journals disparaging Dr. Dong and her study, saying the journals should ''be concerned about publishing the paper.''
He didn't understand, quite naturally, why Williams had to denigrate his own cause by calling Spirlea a ''white turkey'' when plain old ''turkey'' would have sufficed.
(Lew Wasserman, for many years the head of MCA, was Hitchcock's agent.
At the same time, Lucius' mind becomes clouded by a strangely decorous love for the Christian daughter of one of his most trusted friends.
Joe Sacco threw the puck into the crease, it skipped past Richter and Drury cleaned up.
''It turns out the board was misguided and wrong on the facts.''
He was until recently the director of the on-line project at The Concord Monitor, a newspaper published by Newspapers of New England, a Concord company of which his father is the president.
''One boat is in the biggest class, and the other is a smaller boat racing in a more popular class,'' he said.
If Martin was the de Mille of his day, as is often said, he favored the long shot.
''To cure it, they recommended a change of pace, a trip, soft music, some wine, the same things we recommend today.
Loving brother of Sylvia and Irving.
By using roof and floor trusses, but not wall panels, ''we are going 20 percent of the way, not 100 percent of the way,'' he said.
After Mikan retired from basketball in 1956, he used the law degree he had earned to start a practice in Minneapolis.
A friend told me there is a museum in France dedicated to the V-2 missile, but I cannot find anything about it in guidebooks.
On Tuesday in Oklahoma City, the City Council met to discuss a resolution to cancel a concert the group has booked for Feb. 5 at the State Fairgrounds.
But they both want to start.
He gave her some unexpected, happy news.
Tony Chiu, whose parents live across the street from the house, said yesterday that police cars had converged on the house about two years ago.
After stalling slightly in foreign-exchange trading in New York on Monday, the yen resumed its ascent today.
The kind of advertiser strong-arming that Fortune is experiencing has so concerned the magazine industry lately that editors and publishers are uniting in protest.
Nearly all 59 of the company's 727's are like the proverbial little old lady's cars, which are driven only on Sunday afternoons, except that the planes fly only at night, and generally for only a two- or three-hour round trip.
The rich, who sell homes for millions of dollars, are very likely to find they owe money.
The school, though, urged him to go public, and in the end Mr. Sheridan agreed -- donating $20 million, fully one-third of his net worth.
The choice of Mr. Helms was sly.
In wrapping up their case this morning, prosecutors continued to present survivors of the bombing, who told heartbreaking stories of their loss to the jury.
Ms. Thurman, who was born in Atlanta and is on the President's AIDS advisory panel, succeeds Patsy Fleming.
Workers were in Apartment 401, priced at $343.97 a month, painting its well-lighted 12-by-14-foot single room.
Prime Minister Mahatir Mohamad of Malaysia, long the most outspoken critic of the market-based solutions championed by the United States, was the leader most explicit in opposing a strategy that from his perspective amounts to granting currency traders control over his country.
Fine, from his point of view, but the constraint is a hobble.
But in the Patient Care Tower at St. Francis Hospital and Medical Center in Hartford, it has a focused task: to help in the healing process.
Starting Sept. 1, First Union Corporation, which is based in Charlotte, N.C., and has has 316 branches in New Jersey, will charge noncustomers who want to cash government checks a minimum of $3 and a maximum of two percent of the check's value.
Today, Croton supplies 10 percent of the city's drinking water, Catskill, 40 percent and Delaware, 50 percent.
''A detailed railing, for example, may not be sturdier, but the implication is that it is.
Mr. Pena named five corporate teams that will do the first $750 million of work.
''Hey, I have a dog, and if he were up there, I'd be upset, too.
Les Gens Que J'Aime, 286 Valencia, Eixample, (34-3) 215-6879.
What's happening onstage at all the Atlantic City casinos this week.
''A lot of people are treading water, and some people are just drowning.''
Together, those outlets account for 70 percent of all general battery sales.
The New York Public Library has it in the reference section of the Mid-Manhattan Branch; universities may also have it.
He was hampered by a nagging groin injury beginning in training camp, and finally had surgery on Nov. 22.
Cellular telephone users with 908 and 201 area codes need not worry, for now, about change.
The bond's yield, which moves in the opposite direction from the price, rose to 6.84 percent, from 6.82 percent on Monday.
The boys fill a plastic bag from the sewer grate and dump it on the top step of Dorothy's house.
Universal was especially eager for Mr. Spielberg to make ''The Lost World: Jurassic Park,'' a sequel to the huge money maker ''Jurassic Park.''
''It was a nasty one,'' Alomar said.
That search for balance was a big reason Boeing announced last December its intention to acquire the McDonnell Douglas Corporation, whose strength in military contracting should complement Boeing's commercial aircraft business.
Mr. Friedman eventually served four years in prison.
After the first day, the police chief resigned; after the second, his deputy quit.
In a telephone interview today, Mr. Simon said his inquiry was the only action he took.
For many people, there comes a moment when the proud desire for independence turns into frank, mutual acknowledgment of dependence.
A revival of the 1939 drama by Lillian Hellman; with Stockard Channing and Brian Murray.
He modified it, saying he wanted an 18-month requirement.
Along with Victor (now BMG Classics) and American Columbia (now Sony Classical), EMI championed both great music and great artists.
Even fewer make organ donations, although human rights groups have charged that organs are removed from death-row prisoners for medical transplants.
Ms. Naughton, an Ossining resident who is making her first run for public office, said that if she unseats the incumbent, she will focus on bias crimes and ''quality-of-life crimes'' like vandalism and graffiti -- problems, she said, that affect people's everyday lives.
Court-suppressed information, destined to be tomorrow's headlines, is today's ''undernews.''
They fled their country with their families after the secret operation collapsed in disaster last year.
Piano was asked to give them a new home on the same spot.
The article should have noted that Mr. Kornblum denied at the time, and has continued to deny, that such a deal was made or that he conveyed it.
In some countries, corruption is so widespread that it has become the normal way of doing business and the main reason people enter public service.
''Everybody wants to be the starter.''
Mr. Powell had defeated Mr. Bianchi in 1988, but he regained the seat after Mr. Powell resigned.
Mr. Clymer, the Treasurer, argues that the stock market's performance in recent years makes the scheme a sure thing.
The professor, Bill Loving of the University of Oklahoma in Norman, brought suit against David Boren, the president of the university, contending that his right to free speech under the First Amendment was violated last year when Mr. Boren limited access to a number of news groups on the university's servers containing material that might violate state obscenity laws.
Four damaged people are left behind in a Tuscan villa at the end of World War II.
Both will become executive vice presidents.
He receives a veteran's disability payment of $17,700 a year and has signed up for Social Security since he left office.
With a chance at home to return to the .500 mark, the Rangers instead fell back to two games below.
Elsewhere in Algeria, one person was killed and eight injured Thursday when a homemade bomb exploded at the market in Medea, 50 miles south of Algiers, the newspapers reported.
Why is foreign competition so tough?
He has heard the skeptics question time and again whether he is just using his political magazine George as a springboard for his own political career.
And because the Serbian phone system all but collapsed during the war and has not been repaired since, phone connections between the two former republics are limited.
''What I do requires me to get my clients a fair hearing,'' he said.
''I thought they ruled too much on emotion,'' he said, ''but I wanted to convey no personal vendetta against them.''
Call 967-6080 for tickets at $15.
The Assembly members, all from Con Edison's service area in New York City and Westchester County, want the Legislature to take over the process of moving the state's electric companies from a system of regional monopolies to open competition.
But instead Mr. Mathews used an ordinary Gillette Sensor blade, albeit in a heavy-handled razor.
She graduated cum laude from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst.
Mrs. McDonald, 26, is a sales associate at Anderson Associates, a real estate firm in Greenwich, Conn. She graduated cum laude from Bates College, where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa.
Brind'Amour broke in on a 2-on-1 with Shjon Podein and converted on a pass from Podein in front of the net.
issue for the American people.''
Judge Ware would only say, ''I used my tenuous connection with the Wares and my own feeling of loss'' in telling the story.
''All the building here is done by local developers, rather than regional or national companies, and local developers tend to be conservative.''
''There is a clash at universities across the country,'' Mr. Joel said, ''between a 20- to 25-year tradition of being as open as possible, with a new consciousness of placing values at the core of individual lives: the decision to live a life with modesty and privacy and a sense of sexual ethics.''
Using techniques pioneered in the 1930's by the Austrian ethologist Konrad Lorenz, Mr. Lishman conditioned goslings to the sound of his voice and the plane's engine as they hatched, and trained them to walk and then fly behind the aircraft as they would their natural parents.
Shares of G.E., based in Fairfield, Conn., fell $1.75, to $66.875.
The ''frog'' is Communism, which the hero, Gyuri, and his friends try to undermine in small ways just as a real revolution is brewing.
''The goal is to get mothers involved with their daughters' training,'' Dr. Hamilton said.
IT is a well-known fact of life in New York City that some people have difficulty in gaining admission to a co-op.
The items included a gain of $98 million from the sale of its stake in Destec Inc., which was partly offset by $46 million in charges from an insurance restructuring, closing of an ethylene cracker in Texas and Dow's purchase of Ely Lilly & Company's 40 percent stake in the Dow Elanco agricultural unit.
Dr. Rose Marie Robertson of Vanderbilt University, who was not connected with the study, said doctors would still have to take each patient's risk of heart disease into consideration before prescribing drugs, even if the person had average cholesterol.
He has evolved into a writer who uses language sparingly, with care and with an awareness of the weight, shape and size of every syllable.
Even risotto ($6), a delicate preparation that is easily bungled, is just right, moist yet firm and flavored with sea scallops and shellfish broth.
''I cannot express adequately in words my sorrow for having been part of this horrible tragedy or for the pain it causes and will continue to cause to the family and friends of Joviane Waltrick,'' the letter said.
''But up until now, they've been reluctant to do things other than through channels.''
Mr. Welsh, Mr. Kerwin and Frederick Weller, as Oscar and Birdie's stupid son, give more measured, credible performances.
Mr. Caruso, whose store contains several thousand records from the 1960's and 70's, now markets his rare treasures through a Web site.
4 to 7 P.M. D. D. JACKSON AND MICHELE ROSEWOMAN, Jazz Gallery.
''It's like, can't see the person when he's alive, and can't see the body when he's dead?''
We have to go to the Governor's office, City Hall, the State Legislature.
Reds 7, Padres 2 Bret Boone, Willie Greene and Joe Oliver homered, and John Smiley matched his career high with 11 strikeouts as visiting Cincinnati kept San Diego in a deep slump.
''It was quite a performance,'' said Geno Auriemma, the coach of the 17-0 Huskies.
The girl, Gabriela Salinas, who received her last bone cancer treatment in January, was in the family's car when it flipped on Interstate 40 east of Memphis.
Today, Mr. Weld, the non-Ambassador, welcomed the battle, declaring, ''To the extent that people are looking at Jesse Helms as the face of the Republican Party, I think that carries a certain amount of freight with it.''
''I don't have any regrets,'' continued Starks, who made an obscene gesture after he was ejected following the Game 5 rumble that led to his suspension and bans to four other Knicks.
The Padres' Gwynn hit .372 to sew up not only his fourth consecutive N.L.
Outside the Corcoran Art Gallery near the White House this evening, cars from the Russian Embassy were blocking a truck that was supposed to have left for Houston three days ago with the Romanov jewels, along with costumes and portraits from imperial Russia.
It looks like just an elegant coffeetable book, but it's more like a monograph for a future exhibition (the authors are talking to museums right now).
''Commodities Corporation has a number of managers who run money for them and may run money on the outside,'' John P. McNulty, co-chief executive of Goldman Sachs Asset Management, said.
GEORGE STREET PLAYHOUSE ''The Sunshine Boys,'' by Neil Simon.
Its yield, which falls when the price rises, declined to 6.42 percent, from 6.44 percent on Friday.
But after the first week of the season, Coach Bill Parcells scrapped the 4-3 in favor of a 3-4 defense, and the fourth linebacker thrust into the mix was Farrior.
The techniques proved successful in improving memory immediately after the subjects learned them.
Since a dam on the reservoir was declared unsafe in 1993, however, the Middlesex Water Company has threatened to drain the reservoir rather than fix the dam for $1.4 million.
Donations in his memory to the Consumer Law Unit, The Legal Aid Society of NY, 15 Park Row, New York, NY 10038.
As Co-Chair of the Executive and Nominating Committees, he had a profound impact on the evolution of JASA's policies and programs.
Viewers who want to go directly to a show without going through the program guide will have to punch three or four digits into the remote control.
''At some point, we realized we're not going to catch Chicago and we should go after the second seed,'' Williams said.
But, Valentine said, you have make the best of who is healthy and playing, and not fret over what you do not have.
But civil and political rights have not followed.
Such efforts have rarely succeeded.
Here is where the issue stands.
I can't do any better than that -- not now, not ever.
Sean Crowley, a police spokesman.
''I wore gel casts to protect them,'' she said.
I think it is innate.
Mr. Civin predicts that 50 to 100 workers will be covered in the first year, but that the number will rise to at least 300 within five years because, ''as the wage gets higher, it affects more people.''
''Guys like Berg and Schoenberg and Berlioz were so disciplined and rigorous with themselves about those aspects of composition which don't have to do with waiting for inspiration, which have to do with producing inspiration through that discipline.
Indiana, which is 10-0 against the Raptors, has won 3 straight over all and 9 of its last 11.
(The numbers do not add up to 100 percent because they exclude variable annuity sales and switches among funds in the same family.)
Only 72,000 were born during all of 1996, according to statistics from the city Health Department.
''We'll talk about it,'' Wilson said.
The child appeared to be underweight and had numerous scratches, wounds and bruises, said a city official with knowledge of the case, who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
The couple also maintained a plantation, called Seminole, in Thomasville.
Attended Dr. Savage School of Physical Education, N.Y.C., taught at Marion.
Mr. Sharpton's lawyers returned to New York State Supreme Court yesterday and told a judicial referee, Steven E. Liebman, who is overseeing the legal challenge at a direction of a judge, that they would complete their inspection of ballots and other Board of Elections records by the end of the day.
They can't hear you gossiping.''
In recent years, most wine shops have expanded into wine accessories.
But Norman, who took two years off from his career while he underwent successful treatment for tachycardia, a condition that produces a racing heartbeat, recovered and kept picking away at the flustered Croat for the duration of the 88-minute fifth set.
As insurance, they also serialized a few anodyne passages in an influential newspaper, Argumenti i Fakti, whose editor in chief, Vladislav Starkhov, is a friend of Miss Pugacheva.
The speakers in back, near the ears, translates foreign words.
Wall Street had expected 51 cents a share.
The carpers should blame themselves for raising tuition while slashing financial aid: a double whammy that forces more students to work longer at outside jobs with less time for study.
''The Russians are still in the middle, unpredictable and annoying.''
-- for a total of 28 yards.
(Since the 1960's, the number of farms has dwindled to fewer than two million, from six million).
''Once you start seeing results, once you start seeing dailies, it's difficult to pull back because you've committed so much to that project.
The high school offers advanced placement courses in biology, physics, mathematics, computer science, foreign languages, English and history.
A COUNTRY OF STRANGERS Blacks and Whites in America By David K. Shipler 607 pages.
Mark it on your calendar.
Throughout his childhood he remained ever on guard for reprisals from adults, with their untrustworthy track record.
The announcement came a day after Justice Douglas McKeon of State Supreme Court said that he was turning over to prosecutors the confidential testimony of about 15 police officers because of what he called the ''very disturbing'' allegations about what happened in the 46th Precinct station house after the man, Anthony Baez, died.
Together with the Voting Rights Act of 1965, it transformed the South.
They are moist and tender.
It is, the judge noted, a long time to wait.
Four gunmen remained at her home, about three miles away, holding her husband, George Gonzalez, the children, the guard and the clerk at gunpoint, Mr. Neal said.
I don't think there is any real rule out there.''
The case began when a former subordinate of Sergeant Major McKinney, Brenda Hoster, said he had tried to grab and fondle her when they were in a hotel in Hawaii for a military conference in April 1996.
UNDERBOSS: Sammy the Bull Gravano's Story of Life in the Mafia.
''It's not a case of if it's going to happen,'' he said of the DVD market.
''To me, the difference in Mel is that the forkball he throws for strikes has not been consistent.
's World Wide Web site, where Ms. Connolly kept an eye on them while working on her classics dissertation at home in Philadelphia.
The eels are truly the opposite of salmon, since they live in fresh water and return to the sea to spawn and die.
''His ability to adjust to things happening during a game is amazing,'' quarterback Danny Kanell said.
The bill under consideration this year would have limited punitive damages only in those cases involving small companies, leaving no limits on awards involving large corporations.
The couple met at a party in Warsaw in 1993, when Ms. Sherwood was a Peace Corps volunteer and Mr. Skarbinski was visiting relatives.
''Now we're saying, 'Are you sure you're tired?'
But in Brighton Beach, some still choose the boardwalk or a rooftop.
Mark Pellegrini, director of planning and economic development for Manchester, said there was sufficient prospective development for both towns.
The loud emotions disproved the theory, advanced here yesterday, that nothing could ever match the first People's Sunday.
''He said it then, and he stands by it now,'' said Zenia Mucha, Mr. Pataki's director of communications.
He had to turn down a three-year contract offered by Mr. Ford after the success of ''The Fugitive,'' because the United States Government denied him a visa to enter the country.
He will go in with almost the same roster that played in Miami, except for Vladimir Vorobiev, who has been returned to the Hartford Wolf Pack of the American Hockey League.
Until Charlie Hayes homered off the Angels' Allen Watson yesterday, Tino Martinez and Paul O'Neill alone had tied their teammates, 4-4, since Fielder left the lineup eight games back.
Soong Ai-ling was the wife of a Chinese Nationalist industrialist who became one of China's wealthiest women.
''Yet we know better, for what is certain in baseball is that someone, perhaps several people, will fail.''
From my point of view, it's not only nice to have, it's necessary.''
That market subsided when Ivan F. Boesky, a money manager who was paying for inside information, was caught by the authorities.
Three years after the film's sharply etched prologue, members of Susan's Judas breed have developed the capacity to look like six-foot-tall men in overcoats waiting for subway trains.
3 6 4 SILENT WITNESS, by Richard North Patterson.
If some of the dramatic immediacy is lost as a result, one of the production's inherent problems will be lessened as well: the occasional loss of dramatic and, especially, musical impact when a singer's back is turned.
There are indications that the early momentum was toward resolution.
PAUL RAMIREZ JONAS, Postmasters Gallery, 80 Greene Street, (212) 941-5711 (through Nov. 15).
Certainly Kennedy's demand for civil rights legislation in 1963 appears startling from the vantage point of 1997.
He has 4 catches for 30 yards this season and is not among the league leaders in kickoff returns or punt returns.
Past elections in Oregon have shown that nearly half the voters wait until the last few days to make up their minds.
One thing in her case raises a question for the statute and I.N.S.
But another important trend was the strength of the cable channels in offering original programming that now rivals the offerings of the networks in many instances.
Each new attraction has to be marketed and sold individually.''
They had two days off a month.
On June 18, 1996, the unidentified man returns for an encore, which is more of a nonspeaking cameo role.
Walking the dog, running to catch a train, climbing stairs, jogging, tennis, softball or just standing by the water cooler.
Mr. Gargano said the tax breaks would be smaller than other Times Square developers have received because the Milsteins will be building long after 42d Street turned the corner from its days as a symbol of urban decline.
Beloved husband of the late Dorothy.
The production points out the contradictions in ''June Moon'' without reconciling them, and it lacks the sassy conceptual daring that made the company's interpretation of Tennessee Williams's ''Kingdom of Earth'' last season so electric.
The study did not suggest that such prevention was ineffective, merely that treating people who were already ill had a bigger effect.
B1 Caution Urged on Cloning Fertility specialists, medical ethicists, a former Nobel Prize winner and John Cardinal O'Connor, the Roman Catholic Archbishop of New York, lined up to urge New York State legislators not to act hastily in curtailing or regulating research into cloning.
Gardens of Castello Ruspoli, 9 Piazza della Repubblica, Vignanello, a town about 10 miles east of Viterbo and 40 miles north of Rome.
Mango chutney was another enhancer.
The device, developed by a check-cashing chain called the Mr.
It is not just that her husband has a job there cutting wood and thus the family has food to eat, or even that the family's entire savings -- $4 -- were spent when they moved here in April.
Today, much of South Africa was debating whether she meant it.
In 1991, she decided to invite South Asian women and girls living in London to visit the museum's Nehru Gallery of Indian Art.
Within a few years, he predicted, X-ray films will be gone from nearly all hospitals, replaced by digital images stored on computers.
Joe glared from under his green eyeshade.
Happily, too, the aerial Ulysses survives such hazards as finding a nightly bed and fast food in the American outback.
The heart seven was led to the ace, and East shifted to the spade jack, recognizing that continuing hearts would not be effective.
... Make a list of anything that's on your mind that I can help with.
3 1 VIOLIN, by Anne Rice.
''Deer is one thing, but the bear is another story,'' said Mrs. Lago, the mother of a 3-year-old boy.
Mr. Leung said that, although most of his prognostications also deal with romantic concerns, there was a surge in the fortunetelling business about five years ago when many Hong Kong people were trying to decide whether to emigrate and to where.
But even that would be certain to meet strong resistance from the Palestinians, who view any expansion of the Jewish presence in the West Bank as a provocation.
She was born in San Francisco on Nov. 18, 1888, and became a reporter for The San Francisco Examiner by the time she was 22.
After batting .271 with 11 homers and 62 r.b.i.
Mr. Sullivan noted that one girl had analyzed her archaeological finds in a closed-down girls' bathroom.
Mr. Giuliani acknowledged yesterday that there were some officers whose actions have raised concerns in black and Hispanic neighborhoods, but he resisted any suggestions that a larger climate of abuse has culminated in the most recent incident.
''It seemed suitable for our purposes,'' Mr. Stutler said.
Anti-abortion forces might stop emphasizing a ban on abortion and instead offer even more pregnant women support services and help with adoption.
''Why did I marry a stupid 28-year-old typist?''
McGwire, who could have been a free agent after this season, agreed to an average of $9.5 million a year on a three-year, $28.5 million contract, $500,000 more than he has earned the past five years under the expiring contract he signed with the Oakland Athletics.
The Wildcats overcame frustration, fatigue, foul troubles and the resilience of the Minnesota Golden Gophers to earn a 78-69 victory in the semifinals of the National Collegiate Athletic Association tournament.
Ms. Davis, 21, suffered severe head injuries but is expected to survive, doctors at Jamaica Hospital said.
Opposition leaders had vowed earlier to tie up the entire country with protests if Mr. Moi refused to introduce constitutional reforms before elections expected to be held later this year.
We're also completing a leadership assessment, where employees are asked what they think of their supervisors.
Ivanisevic will now face Jiri Novak, who advanced with a 6-2, 6-2 upset victory over Richard Krajicek.
Pine nuts sprinkled over the ring of bright tomato oil completed the design.
''If you look at the stories in the paper, you'd think we were at the beginning of a profit cycle,'' he said.
The savings section analyzes how much the participant needs to save for retirement and how close he is to that goal; the next section develops a possible asset allocation and compares it with the participant's current allocation, and the final section lists possible investments, comparing them with current holdings by asset type, sector weightings and foreign holdings.
investigators to ''scrub'' all the files once more, and that led to discovery of the new data, the law enforcement officials said tonight.
With his wife, Catherine R. Brown, a landscape architect, he has developed an approach based on coordinating public policy, town planning and environmentally responsible design.
Hiriam Hicks, president of Island Black Music, says the aim of the program, called ''Born to Be a Star,'' is to show the students ''that they can achieve success through hard work, harmonious team effort and the help of resources within their community.''
The state has about 10,300 U.P.S.
For all the hope and all the hype, for all the quarter-million-dollar custom-built stoves and all the months of training his staff, Mr. Maccioni did what he has always done: he created chaos and then controlled it -- all with a beatific smile.
Go does not succumb to such simple analysis.
''That's why I loved that exercise.''
B4 Purse Snatcher Is Killed A man who had snatched purses from three women in Brooklyn died after a confrontation with relatives of one victim, the police said.
If a free safety is up tight, he might wind up on the other side of the field when the ball is snapped.
Olmsted was that now-despised thing, a social engineer.
In a statement released early last evening, Dr.
In between, Smith also defensed a pass in the end zone and broke up another Testaverde effort, narrowly missing an interception.
''We all knew at the time it was passed that the Communications Decency Act was unconstitutional,'' said one senior Government official who opposed the new law on Internet speech.
It previously forecast a rise to 110 billion yen.
''The direction of the measures is right, and we've been waiting for them for a long time,'' said Lee Won Il, head of research at KEB Smith Barney Securities here.
At first, Gethsemane, on Eighth Avenue at 10th Street, was not welcomed in Park Slope.
Mikhail S. Gorbachev asked for one, Mr. Schwab said, but was turned down.
The price of the purchase was not disclosed.
West Hartford does not have a mayoral race as such.
The analysts said they expected Mr. Greenspan to emphasize the message that the Clinton Administration stressed in the last two days: the economy and the financial system remain fundamentally sound.
He was the first American to be sent by the IESC to help Ukraine.
Saturday's crowded schedule includes: the Bel Canto Chorale at 8 P.M. in the Cathedral of the Incarnation in Garden City (293-4850); the Twin Shores Chorus in ''Grandpa's Attic'' at 8 P.M. at Town Hall West in Islip (549-9303); the Rockville Centre Choral Society at 8 P.M. at St. James Methodist Church in Lynbrook (599-5705); the Long Island Concert Chorale in ''Holiday Music through the Ages'' at 8 P.M. at St. Rose of Lima Church in Massapequa (796-2602); the North Fork Chorale at 8 P.M. at the Mattituck Presbyterian Church (765-4174); the Madrigal Singers and the Merrriweather Consort at 8 P.M. at Old Westbury Gardens (333-0044); the Long Island Symphonic Choral Association performing ''Songs of Praise and Joy'' at 8 P.M. at Sts.
''If the players on this team aren't ready to go on Sunday -- that doesn't mean win, I mean go, give it their best effort -- then I don't want them,'' Parcells had said Friday.
Mr. Nelson was acquitted of state murder charges in Mr. Rosenbaum's death in 1992.
Spokesmen for all four, who are Republicans, said their segments were not filmed in Government space.
But grieving on the Web is not all about sharing and supporting and patience.
Instead, the motions panel kept the case itself.
But in an industry where an ''exclusive'' is sometimes not particularly exclusive, confusion is possible.
Colangelo's team, he said, is expected to become one of the top three revenue-producing teams in the majors.
''We would all have gone out anyway,'' Mr. Aarons said.
It is not unusual to find a Yale-New Haven Hospital neurosurgeon scrubbing little toilets next to a Korean graduate student.
(AP) SENATORS 3, STARS 1 In Kanata, Ontario, Daniel Alfredsson scored the winning goal for the second consecutive night as Ottawa beat Dallas.
5 14 KISS THE GIRLS, by James Patterson.
The first television commercial will begin appearing tonight during the fourth game of the World Series on NBC.
Its name is Hunan Taste.
He wants to maintain his gravitas but reveal a spirit of fun.
Does it invade privacy to require executives to engage in pseudo-social activities that are designed to change attitudes?
The men were convicted of murder in a sham trial that Shell never criticized.
But she thinks her customers get addicted to her jewelry because of its versatility.
But the early maneuvering for political and financial support has already begun.
When I'd come home from school and there was no food in the house, she'd get food somehow.
And with this reasoning, some investors may have assumed that if the Fed wasn't about to panic, why should they?''
''This is a compromise, and we hope that there is adequate funding for this class,'' said Norwood S. Wilner, a lawyer from Jacksonville, Fla., who represents smokers in that state and helped negotiate the plan.
In a reversal of prior defenses, Energy Department officials in charge of the cleanup acknowledge past errors.
To combat the boat thefts in particular, marina and boatyard owners have at times hired off-duty police officers and security guards.
Together with Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, whose support he had enlisted, Mr. Gill held a televised news conference to announce the Municipal Art Society's determination to fight the challenge.
In his response, the one-time football star and father of five children spoke of an agenda based less on policy than on inner personal strength.
Nick Henny, who is executive vice president of Sony Corporation of America, will become chief financial officer.
He abducted the 24-year-old woman as she left work, kept her handcuffed and bound with tape in the sleeper cab of his truck, and raped her four times before she escaped in Indianapolis three days later.
For Miller of Philadelphia it was the fourth successful defense of the title he captured in July 1995.
She was the matriarch of our family, a loving and beloved woman, who will be forever missed.
Everybody always seems to be shouting in this book whose incessant use of the exclamation point is like an offstage character sticking his elbow in the reader's ribs and whispering ''Get it?''
But as the Democrats filed out of a closed-door caucus today, one after another insisted that they were still undecided, even though the amendment has been under debate in Albany for more than two years.
And in a place like Moscow or Russia, where cronyism is vital, the issues become much more substantial.''
The shining colleens of sentimental memory probably no longer exist in Ireland.
Onlookers may find their images on canvas.
There's a lot of people like that who have lost all hope, have lost all meaning in this world.''
But because New York is such a magnet for Hispanic immigrants, for the most part Latino has replaced Latino in this corner of Queens, both changing and reviving the neighborhood, creating a mix that is no longer Cuban or Colombian.
One week after denouncing the approval of laws in Arizona and California that permit the medical use of marijuana, the White House said on Tuesday that the Government would spend up to $1 million gathering scientific evidence on the effectiveness of marijuana as a medical treatment.
They used the technique last year to force an increase in the minimum wage.
And that's not all: Every so often, as our Editors read through the poems we receive for our contests, they personally select a few poems that they believe would have a wonderfully expressive quality if read by a professional reader.
A self-trained singer who admires Ella Fitzgerald but seems more engaged by male performers (she performed songs by Jimi Hendrix, Jimmy Cliff, and Bill Withers), she aims for soulfulness rather than precision.
For this reason, both Lincoln Center and Carnegie Hall have for the past month made Bechet's centennial the focus of their jazz programing.
But that doesn't take away from how hard we played and how good our defense was in the last 30 minutes.''
He signed a one-year, $1 million contract with the Yankees last Jan. 9 as a backup outfielder.
Prosecutors were not allowed to use emotionally wrenching testimony in the initial phase of the trial.
ONLY once in 25 years of public opinion research has Janice Ballou herself ever been called by a survey organization and asked to offer an opinion.
''Having a kid in Harvard makes great cocktail party chitchat,'' said Catherine Hausman, a co-author of ''The Manhattan Family Guide to Private Schools.''
She was the oldest of 13 children.
Tishman had encountered an earlier problem with another nearby building in November, when the owners of the Carter Hotel on 43d Street obtained a court order that forced the developer to cease demolition for two days.
And then there are the donors, people like Herbert J. Erlanger, who gave the library $50 each year, but when he died in 1990 he bequeathed to it a 50 percent interest in his coin collection, which sold at Christie's for more than $4 million.
So when I checked in at the gate, they said there would be plenty of people out there.
In 1964, the University of Montana recognized him as an outstanding Montanan and presented him with its Order of the Grizzly Award that year.
The title refers to a rare butterfly, suggested by the beauteous Miss Simmons as a youth framed for murder who flees to the Lake District with a smitten ex-secret service man (Howard).
First there was Antonio Di Pietro the hero, the dashing young member of Milan's zealous team of public prosecutors who became a national star in the early 1990's for his role in exposing the rot and corruption in the Italian political system.
Vizcaino singled through the middle on the ninth pitch of the at-bat.
But the concern over the logjam is undercutting the Government's plans to expand the program.
Lurid yet sleek, this variation on ''Rosemary's Baby'' casts atypically straight-arrow Keanu Reeves and beautiful Charlize Theron as a madly romantic Florida couple whose marriage is put to the test by Manhattan's temptations, which Mr. Pacino's John Milton proffers with wicked glee.
All of those attributes were on display today.
Artists also called on Mr. Mohajerani to use his position to crack down on hard-line groups that they said intimidated artists and threatened artistic expression.
Beers for one mistake in a long Government career.
Industrial space sold for $35 to $40 a square foot; office space for $40 to $60 a square foot, and land for $225,000 to $300,000 an acre.
Radke (19-9), who won 12 consecutive starts earlier this season, allowed one run, walked two and struck out four before being relieved by Dan Naulty with two outs and a runner on second in the eighth.
$ -- $25 and under $$ -- $25 to $40 $$$ -- $40 to $55 $$$$ -- $55 and over Past reviews.
''You don't quite get that from a Karl Lagerfeld or a John Galliano,'' she added.
But as a wave of political renovation swept Africa in the early 1990's, Mali's example was quickly followed by many others.
They reluctantly paid $1,000 a month for a one-bedroom apartment.
The specific reference here is to the restraints placed on personal freedom by institutionalized homophobia.
She was even more surprised when she was told to put her hands behind her back and then heard the click of handcuffs.
The White House has proposed tax breaks to offset the cost of college and home ownership, as well as a more modest family tax credit.
Enlargement has become a target of convenience for Russian fears and resentments rooted in uncertainties over Russia's post-Soviet identity and role in the world.
The first, in which I included myself, were mainly college-educated men and women who wanted to experience the world as broadly as possible.
''I always had an ear for the soldiers,'' Captain Alexander testified.
It plans to ship 65,000 more copies next month.
The Knicks won their ninth straight game at Madison Square Garden -- 83-78 over the Detroit Pistons -- and it was not because Johnson gave them a scoring threat in the low post or Houston played aggressively on both ends.
But if Telefonos de Mexico has its way, Mexican-Americans and other Spanish-speaking callers across the Southwestern United States will soon be able to hear that unmistakably Mexican greeting when they call a long-distance operator.
Born into the British aristocracy, Mrs. Harriman lived a vivid life that took her from wartime London as the wife of Sir Winston Churchill's only son to Paris as the intimate friend of the rich and powerful of half a dozen nations before she came to the United States, where she married Leland Hayward, the theatrical producer, and then Averell Harriman, the politician and diplomat.
He and his wife moved to Heritage Village in 1974 from Moorestown, New Jersey.
''Well, I need starters,'' Torre said when asked why he chose Irabu and Rogers for Monday and Tuesday over Ramiro Mendoza.
''I had no idea initially how to handle that,'' he said.
The international cast also includes Brian Boitano, Nancy Kerrigan, Rudy Galindo and Michelle Kwan from the United States; Elvis Stojko, a Canadian, and Viktor Petrenko and Oksana Baiul, Ukrainians, (794-9300).
''After every win, everyone said that's a statement game.
The other kind usually comes from out on the street.
''We're really park-starved down here,'' she said.
The countries involved might cooperate to reap the riches of oil -- but would they help each other clean up after a spill?
It's hard to get up for these types of teams, but in the second half we did a great job of picking up our energy level.
Pan-seared scaloppini of veal -- three fork- tender escalopes -- layered with prosciutto, sauteed spinach and tomatoes, topped with melted Gruyere, was another entree that far exceeded its bare-bone description.
Gen. Robert G. Gard Jr., retired, a field commander in the Vietnam and Korean wars and a past president of the National Defense University, said Vice President Gore ''said he could not break with the Joint Chiefs, politically.''
August gasoline, which also expired on the New York Mercantile Exchange amid some profit taking, fell 2.06 cents, to 67.84 cents a gallon, while the September contract rose marginally.
About 2,100 more manufacturing jobs were lost in the state last month, the State Department of Labor said.
Pierce's four-year banishment from the Corel WTA Tour was lifted last month on a conditional basis: his attendance at 1998 tour events is permissible only if he has proof that he is coaching a contending player and refrains from any abusive or inappropriate conduct toward his daughter and other family members.
(He doesn't hunt lions or anything else these days.)
And what is the absolute definition of addiction?
The Commander in Chief is AWOL.
One day, as he was driving through Port Chester, he happened to look up at a second floor window on North Main Street.
With Jose Guillen batting, the Mets' coaches waved Huskey a step or two toward left-center and deep.
They ''used to chop bodies up and walk into bars with the heads,'' he said.
Playing them notes, I know only he could play.
Despite several planned release dates, ''Crash'' has yet to be shown commercially in England.
A few weeks ago the National Retail Federation brought a group of its members here to knock on doors.
AUTO SALES OFF Driving a Bargain New cars are more affordable than they have been in nearly a generation, thanks to an auto industry price war, with more rebates, cut-rate loans, cheap lease deals and other discounts than ever.
His company, S.A. Matsis Restaurant Associates of Newtown, deals only in restaurant properties.
The only run he gave up he positioned himself with a wild pitch in the sixth inning.
On top of the $18 million, Qualcomm, a high-tech company, has agreed to buy 268 season tickets for five years and will contribute $50,000 toward a statue of Jack Murphy at the stadium.
But its most winning offering of hope is the story of the fictitious flying frog.
But did theater people ever really talk in the volley of barbed, perfectly shaped epigrams the characters use in ''All About Eve''?
According to figures from the mayor's office, reported crime surged by 35 percent in 1995 and 33 percent in 1996 and is still growing, though more slowly, this year.
With no measurable rain falling at the Los Angeles Civic Center since Feb. 17, the city on Wednesday broke a 70-year record for days without rain, the National Weather Service said.
That is the short list.
Finally, experts say, a lawyer should examine the agreement.
A neighbor, Joel Menzzopane, remarked that Eddie was the most polite child he knew in the neighborhood and in the town soccer league, in which Mr. Menzzopane is a coach.
''I'm not turning my back on what I came from.
Market Data Retrieval, a research company, estimates that 27,000 to 40,000 public schools -- about one-third to one-half of the national total -- use the Internet.
''Then, when you went in and asked questions about the company and what its plans were, they said, 'It is secret, why do you want to know this?'
With Croshere reduced to an afterthought, Providence was never again closer than 4 points.
The first of three family concerts starts at 3 the next afternoon with symphonic music from Greece, Lithuania, Italy and Africa.
''We have a regulatory mechanism that we are putting in place,'' Mr. Giuliani said.
What is most important to Ms. Lukins about the ''U.S.A.
''Yeah, Dad, except for stopping in the dunes.''
''Remove the frogs and you throw off the balance of things,'' Ms. McKay said.
Mr. Zabriskie, 57, resigned during a board meeting in Stockholm today ''to return to the U.S. to pursue other interests,'' the company said.
He has advocated repeal of the Miranda law, which requires the police to warn defendants that they have a right to remain silent, and has said that the rights of police officers to search and to seize evidence should be expanded.
When Congress convenes in September, President Clinton will try to win support for the first truly national performance tests in the schools, and Republicans in Congress will mobilize to kill the initiative.
Though the public knows his work mainly through two paintings that depict blacks -- ''The Banjo Lesson,'' owned by Hampton University in Hampton, Va., and ''The Thankful Poor,'' owned by Bill and Camille Cosby -- they are atypical of Tanner.
''There is not one thing that does it.
MATT SALMON Washington, June 24, 1997 Member of Congress, 1st Dist., Ariz.
After years of rising considerably faster than inflation, new-vehicle prices -- not sticker prices, but what people actually pay after discounts -- are up just six-tenths of 1 percent over the 12 months through May, according to the Consumer Price Index.
Mr. Schwartz, who had retired as a service manager for the Xerox Corporation, was the first volunteer.
David Toms and Larry Rinker, who lost his card and had to go back to qualifying school in 1996, also shot seven-under-par 65's.
''For me, these two months have been a chance to try on my boss's job and see if I like it, which is one reason I took this position over others within the company.
Working from several of the tips, including the first name of one of the suspects, detectives from the 13th Precinct came up with the full names and addresses of the suspects.
PHYLLIS ROTHMAN Boca Raton, Fla., Dec. 5, 1997
Jurevicius did not join the team in Orlando, Fla., and will not play in the game against Florida because he did not perform well enough academically during the fall semester, Coach Joe Paterno told reporters after getting off the plane.
But Huizenga paid a heavy price to make the Marlins the likely playoff team they are.
''I don't talk about it as going to hell,'' Mr. Jannetti said.
There are tensions between people who have been living abroad and those who remained in Zaire during the Mobutu years.
But now it's time to stop talking and start winning.
Among the Twin Cities' retro restaurants, Mickey's Diner, 36 West Seventh Street, (612) 222-5633, is exceptional for its authentic roadside diner decor and its barking waitresses, who serve breakfast around the clock.
And as lawmakers begin drafting the legislation, they are facing some unforgiving arithmetic.
''That's the main cause of most small plane crashes,'' Mr. Manor added.
May they be comforted amongst the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
There is an autocratic element in Mandela.
To that first query, George Steinbrenner answered affirmatively, though under cross-examination, the baseball-savvy owner admitted he had never seen Irabu throw so much as a pitch, live or on tape.
What sets me apart is the spiritual and intellectual level that I would bring to your home.
I was crazy about Glenda and found myself wishing more characters had been around to hear her ultimatums.
Can these things be contemplated and appreciated apart from the system of beliefs and practices that gave them birth, the liturgical functions they once fulfilled, the devotional ardor they were meant to nourish?
Leeann Elizabeth Mitchell, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Martin Morgan Mitchell Jr. of Harrison, N.Y., was married yesterday in Worcester, Mass., to Thomas Francis Leahy Jr., the son of Mr. and Mrs. Leahy of Bronxville, N.Y. Msgr.
He also expertly suggests the faint tremors of discomfort beneath Fred's stalwart dopiness.
In many other states, he could have done the same with no more consequence than having a smelly car.
Mayor Carl Block has been trying to change his township's postal service since 1989.
During the trip to Russia, he said, his team uncovered good evidence that smallpox virus that was supposed to be under seal in a Moscow vault had been moved to a laboratory in Novosibirsk and that scientists were probably manipulating it to create potential agents for warfare.
Ms. Jackson has had to work to overcome such criticism.
To the Editor: With regard to the picture caption that accompanied Tom Wicker's fine review of ''A Reporter's Life,'' by Walter Cronkite (Jan. 26): the photograph was taken not ''probably in 1968'' but most assuredly in 1968, and serves to reveal a little bit more about Walter.
The Jaguars signed him the day before training camp started last year, then released him in November for what Coach Tom Coughlin described as a lack of performance.
RATINGS Poor to Satisfactory, Good, Very Good, Excellent, Extraordinary.
''I should not have commented,'' he said.
Jeff and Lexie Klarman of Branford, who had a stillborn baby, signed on when Dr. Berman asked Mrs. Klarman to communicate with a woman in British Columbia.
He said the rule remained that if any of those troops ''encounter people who they know to be indicted war criminals they are to detain them for transfer to civilian authority so they may be arrested and then turned over to The Hague for prosecution.''
In unusually strong language, the State Department has said for the last several weeks that for the ''good'' of Albania, President Sali Berisha should step down.
Russell Hearn, Pellegrini's wine maker, said that the house style relied on appreciation of finesse and detail, and that it was the more obvious wines that tend to get medals.
If Jeb Stuart's film ''Switchback'' is a disorganized mess in many departments, its passion for the mystique of trains is palpable.
''Very frankly, we didn't want to get out,'' Mr. Morrow said.
But the boat's prospects for overall victory are tenuous.
But there was no final escape, only death, as police reinforcements arrived and turned the tide of what was perhaps the most serious gun battle in the city in two decades.
North Korea did not apologize directly, as it should have, to South Korea, which Pyongyang ritually denounced on Monday.
''This digs into college funds.''
''As a community, we are more Peruvian today than ever before,'' said Julio Higashi Lopez, a former hostage and president of Imagen Noticias, a news agency.
Some have a higher profile on the tube lately, but TV hotshots aren't exactly stampeding to gay comics with offers of sitcoms, fame and fortune.
Generally, there are a few nights on the trip when the students stay with families with children, and may even attend school with them.
In fairness, Mr. Hopkins notes Mr. Clinton does not have the grand, if harrowing, challenges of the Roosevelt era to dramatically rise to.
* JOHN O'REILLY, Julie Saul Gallery, 560 Broadway, at Prince Street, SoHo, (212) 431-0747 (through Sunday).
The first round of the 1,500 meters is scheduled for Friday.
Ms. Barrett, who both wrote and directed ''Love Serenade,'' shows expert comic timing and draws fine, funny performances from her well-chosen cast.
(Dewey, the film's goofiest character, comes from California to help Sidney fend off a ''Stab''-inspired copycat killer.)
Still, noting that Japan is weakened economically and the United States is indisputably number one, Mr. Reich said, ''If there was ever a time to get on with the larger agenda, it is precisely now.''
Stocks finished higher here today.
The Helmsleys were also forced to sell the 54-story Helmsley Palace hotel on Madison Avenue in 1993 to the Sultan of Brunei after a dispute with the limited partners, who had accused the Helmsleys of fraud and mismanagement.
In 1993 I bought shares in Tsingtao, the beer company, on the first day it was offered on the Hong Kong exchange.
The judge in the Alex Kelly rape retrial barred prosecutors today from showing jurors a videotaped re-enactment intended to support the accuser's statement that Mr. Kelly had forced her into the cargo area of a Jeep.
In many cars, the chances of finding even a single unmarked window are nonexistent.
Some in Congress viewed Mr. Yeltsin's decision as a definitive moment for Russia's moral standing, let alone its future as a secular and liberal state.
All those issues had been raked over before, of course -- but always smoothly, the participants said.
tests since injuring the shoulder while making two flamboyant, but unnecessary, throws during a 19-2 pummeling of the Milwaukee Brewers last Sept. 25, the day the Yankees clinched the American League East.
His English was as majestic as the Mississippi in flood.
Maybe you could call him a lawyer, since he wants one to fight for him.
''I've seen where a manager or a player is going back to the dugout, the argument over, and the umpire follows him.''
The new method, developed by Arthur D. Little Inc., with $15 million from the Energy Department and technical aid from a nuclear bomb laboratory, is the first practical way to extract hydrogen efficiently and cleanly from gasoline, which is made of hydrocarbon molecules.
IRISH Dublin Delights Cafe, 244 Lake Avenue, St. James (862-6900), is a tiny sparkling shamrock of a place.
His patients had the privilege of being cared for by the best of the best and knew the blessings of his unfailing concern and wisdom.
The label locates the original in the ''famed Sofia Mosque in Istanbul'' but neglects to say if this is the mosque that started life as the Byzantine Cathedral of Santa Sophia.
One study, published in September by the New England Journal of Medicine, found that children whose mothers had eaten contaminated fish from Lake Michigan scored significantly lower on intelligence and achievement tests administered when the children were 11 years old, an effect the researchers attributed to PCB exposure during fetal development.
The Government in Madrid has interpreted the demonstrations -- it estimates that up to six million people have marched this week -- as an endorsement for cracking down on the E.T.A.
You can imagine my state of mind.''
The entire complex, which is run by a nonprofit agency, sits on 5.5 acres between 90th and 92d Streets and York and East End Avenues.
In her short program this season, Kwan is performing Shakespearean tragedy.
We think we work more effectively in coalition, reaching out to other groups to project the message of solidarity that goes beyond the African-American community.
So it's just as easy to conclude that cowboys are even more enticing.
Its rustically charming decor, gracious, professional service and consistently first-rate American cooking make it easy to understand why this romantic East Sider remains a favorite among New Yorkers.
The $547.57 price includes round-trip air fare from New York or Boston and three nights at the Tavistock Hotel near Russell Square, with continental breakfast, plus discount restaurant vouchers and other extras.
In 1961, the expansion pitching was still deeper than today's staffs.
But Mr. Watt's business is exactly the kind of hip, high-technology company Trinity is seeking to rejuvenate a faded manufacturing district.
PASSAIC COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE ''Portraits and Images of Paterson,'' photographs by Giacomo DeStefano.
''I think that's more appropriate.''
But the continued presence of the commentary, available for each reader, the sense that some of the postings were clearly products of devoted, if occasionally pompous care, and the affection for the books, gave this on-line conversation a mixture of informality and earnestness that is hard to reproduce.
he was heard saying to a couple.
I don't care what happens, Cardinals quarterback Kent Graham said.
In court today, Mr. Sutton, a former Manhattan borough president and a co-owner of a chain of radio stations, described this latest wound in a family familiar with tragedy as ''one of the most painful days of my life.''
One harsh provision of the new law, my column said, ends the historic discretion of the Attorney General to waive deportation of a legal resident immigrant who is deportable because he once committed a criminal offense.
Mr. Guzman worked as a courier for Federal Express and was granted a leave of absence to attend the trial of Mr. Nichols's co-defendant, Timothy J. McVeigh, who was found guilty and sentenced to death.
She learned about them only in February, when The Washington Post, in preparing a profile, uncovered evidence that more than a dozen of her relatives had been killed during the Holocaust.
''I think maybe he did it for distraction a little bit; he was going to check balls that was this far out,'' complained Bruguera, spreading his hands far apart.
TO see them in their small room in the pediatric ward, this much is obvious: they are related.
On March 19, Justice James R. Cowhey of State Supreme Court in White Plains, overturned Yorktown's rezoning, from two acres to four acres, on 3,000 acres of land adjacent to the watershed.
Crude oil prices have fallen steadily since early March.
Mr. Kapp and Philharmonia Virtuosi, incidentally, have just had a new anthology, ''Lullabies: An Illustrated Songbook,'' released as a book and a CD, with each song coupled to a reproduction of a painting, sculpture or other artwork from the Metropolitan Museum.
This, too, is weather with a moral, though not the correct one.
Sexual abuse, a felony, is punishable by up to seven years in prison.
Fedorov has not won the Conn Smythe trophy as most valuable player in the Stanley Cup playoffs, the way Sakic did in 1996.
Almost 30 percent of the ordinary public thinks that living standards will fall over the next five years.
In recent years the F.D.A.
Contrary to Mr. Zakaria, the United States should be more assertive in ''searching for new lands to democratize.''
Desserts are not impressive, either.
About 100,000 juleps will be consumed at Churchill Downs during Derby Week.
It is also providing a tremendous insight into the Sleepy Hollow setting.
Another good pick is the spinach salad glossed in a raspberry vinaigrette and covered with thick slices of portobello mushroom.
Tickets, $75; (212) 645-3444, ext.
These flavors, exotic and familiar, are the chef's stock in trade.
He also is one of nine bidders for the Coliseum site at the southwest corner of Central Park.
Fred H. Mattson, a chemist at Procter & Gamble who left his mark as a researcher on cholesterol and heart disease and as one of the two accidental discoverers of the calorie-free fat substitute olestra, died on May 27 at his home in San Diego.
The three other versions (in British collections) are represented by photographs.
Again, the dance images were etched with clarity, but it was the coda, with a grand and startling spring to her entrechat, that showed another side of Ms. Reznik's dancing.
Hours: Tuesdays through Fridays, noon to 6 P.M.; Saturdays, noon to 5 P.M. 48 Bank Street, Morristown.
''One game doesn't mean anything,'' Van Gundy said before last night's game.
She said she doubted that the affirmative action debate would affect her chances.
Mazda has had few new products because the company cut back development spending sharply in the years it was losing money.
Only 48 percent still had such perks last year.
Prison officials have rejected James Earl Ray's request to be evaluated at a Pittsburgh hospital for a possible liver transplant, a Memphis newspaper reported today.
The Giants played the Redskins for nearly four hours Sunday night, a marathon effort that proved little other than that the Redskins have serious issues with their helmets -- Gus Frerotte thinks his makes him invincible, and Michael Westbrook doesn't know that his should not be removed on the field.
As I pulled into the Golden Era Service Station where Ford Street begins, I saw a caucus of brilliant green-and-orange parrots gossiping in a tree, harbingers of the homey Beechworth hubbub.
Harold C. Simmons made his billion buying and selling companies as one of the fabled corporate raiders of the 80's, then put most of the money in trust for his four daughters.
Jacques, on May 6th, in his 90th year.
Topic: the possible use of Transcendental Meditation techniques in city jails.
As it is, the Philharmonic has hired the actor John de Lancie to read from Leinsdorf's correspondence.
For the record, Mets Manager Bobby Valentine fired off the first insult after San Diego's 5-3 victory today, referring to Padres pitcher Joey Hamilton as a crybaby.
You might have heard it whispered by the parishioners leaving church, heard it from the lips of the priest himself, struggling with his cassock in the vestiarium, heard it on the golf links and the tennis courts, heard it in the wildlife preserve, where the leader of the Audubon group was suffering from a terrible excess of sobriety.
''So the real question is, what do the colleges think?''
You can't compete internationally like that.''
Today at 2 P.M. Tickets: $6 and $8.
The Hawaii International Jazz Festival, which runs from July 31 through Aug. 3, has a new home this year: the Hawaii Theater.
''The Republican leadership certainly listens to Lincoln and Ileana,'' Mr. Shaw said.
Mr. Garland, on the other hand, treats his material as if it were solid geometry, the dimensions and characteristics changing with the listener's intellectual vantage point.
They were going to rewire the entire block with fiber optics that would improve reception and take us channel surfing right into the millennium.
''If it blows, my local knowledge could be more of a factor.''
) Fortunately, there was room for everyone and the card table that is always set up to sell the tapes, C.D.
The baby had severe arteriosclerosis, similar to the arterial disease seen in young people with a better-known inborn disorder, homocystinuria, which also results in extremely high blood levels of homocysteine.
1 defense, which was on the field for 8 minutes 18 seconds during the drive that led to the score.
''They cruise around looking for the unfinished stuff and can really speed up the process,'' he said.
The Vice President's effort to overcompensate for his public stiffness by casting himself as the role model for Ollie is so culturally tonedeaf you wouldn't be surprised if he took credit next for inspiring the Captain and Tennille.
(He gets to do the Cagney bit.)
It took Kareem Abdul-Jabbar five years (and the drafting of Magic Johnson) to win a title in Los Angeles, and it took Wilt Chamberlain four years to get his ring in Los Angeles, so that buys O'Neal time.
Gross Domestic Product $8,131.7 +4.9 Consumption 5,527.7 +7.2 Business investment 871.1 +17.7 Inventory change 53.0 N.A.
''O beautiful Turkish daughter,'' goes one old ballad, ''our monks will soon baptize you.''
This, Frank Thomas said, is the New Age of baseball.
He has admitted being a racketeer who blackmails companies.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., Malcolm X and Eldridge Cleaver, readings from James Joyce's ''Ulysses,'' talk of feminism and sex, and snippets of obscure film dialogue -- the narrative for Mr. Grant's moral messages.
And these nonviolent drug offenders, they just stay put for years and years.''
Some consider the music old-fashioned; others are daunted by its legacy.
By the time they were 2, fat consumption was 30 percent in the experimental group and 33 percent for the control group.
But then I read why I could hear trucks rumbling toward me from around the bend, but could not see them.
The victim, Jonathan M. Levin, 31, was the son of Gerald M. Levin, chairman of Time Warner, and so those prominent in the communications industry attended the funeral.
According to a 1995 report to Congress by the aviation agency, nine infants died in plane crashes on United States airlines from 1978 to 1994.
He said that although the route has not been finally determined and the starting date has yet to be set, the company plans to begin the service at the soon-to-be-completed Marriott Hotel in downtown Brooklyn.
This week some important Arab media, such as Al-Mussawar magazine, the widely watched television show featuring Egypt's Hamdi Qandil and even leftist newspapers like Al-Ahali have been filled with this budding debate: Was it proper for Arab intellectuals, led by Egypt's Lutfi al-Kholi and Abdel Moneim Said, to take part in a recent dialogue with centrist Israeli intellectuals in Copenhagen?
''He is the only person I have ever wanted to meet, and I can't believe that I will get to work with him.''
Books on tape or CD-ROM, however, are surely a different matter.
The movie, which opens today at the Film Forum, takes place over 24 hours on what begins as a typically footloose day for the pair but ends with their committing several senseless murders.
''That election shows that we're raising the bar in D.C., regarding what we're looking for in elected officials'' Ms. Ambrose said.
''No one knows how wide the base is,'' he said.
A Tatar political leader used his Moscow connections to protect the Kamaz truck plant.
Steelers, 20-17 New England (8-5) at Jacksonville (9-4) Here go the Patiots and Jaguars again, fighting for something special.
job, and many vote-counters thought he could win confirmation, though after a bruising struggle.
from the Univ of Arizona.
''Sometimes a five can look like an eight,'' Ms. Bernstein said.
But Mrs. Jagan's party has sought to turn such complaints on their head and make her foreign birth an asset, especially because, when she was given a chance to reaffirm her American citizenship, she decided instead to become a citizen of newly independent Guyana.
We mourn the loss of our dear brother, uncle and cousin.
Overhead, a mezzanine decorated with angels and clouds circles around.
Just a few months ago their backers held candles together in Belgrade.
Yet Mr. Viola, in person and as an artist, clearly has a sense of humor.
Just two of those were in the fast-growing market for what are designated in Japan as recreational vehicles: sport utility vehicles, mini-vans and station wagons.
-- it being the beloved grove of cherry trees that represents everything safe and sturdy about the world to its former owner, Mme.
This world is changing and there is an enormous shift in the value system.
Beloved husband of the late Catherine (nee Radonich) Borzatti.
The life of the aviator who wrote ''The Little Prince.''
The soundtrack carries the voices of children responding, then laughing at Blue's antics and calling out to tell Steve where they see clues -- all of which encourages young viewers to call out responses, too.
They do not always condone their subjects' choices; sympathy is not the same as support.
''If you just look up and down this street you find an unparalleled selection,'' said Michael Eigen, a diamond merchant whose grandfather and great-grandfather preceded him on 47th Street.
Haiti's best and one of the best in the Caribbean.
From 1991 to 1994, sales of AT&T equipment to the regional Bells grew at an average of 3 percent a year.
In a study sponsored by a grant from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, a panel headed by a former NASA Administrator, James Beggs, said the agency's support of the commercialization of human spaceflight had been scattered.
Devoted father of Arthur Copeland of Stamford, Ct., Jackie Beecher of Puerto Rico & Jill Simbari of Cortlandt Manor, NY.
Mr. Kuttner's work is useful in reminding us of the many successes of government.
Terry E. Branstad of Iowa, chairman of the Republican Governors Association, ''is having enough people with the skills to fill the jobs that are being created.''
A patient asked, ''When do I tell the person I am dating that I carry the gene?''
''If I had my choice to buy four little buildings you and I had never heard of or buy a Sears Tower, and you told me I could get just 2 percent more return on the four little buildings, without hesitation I'd buy the four little buildings,'' Mr. Munk said.
He should begin rehabilitation in Florida this week, but will not start throwing again for another 10 days.
''Why can't they see beauty in their own neighborhood?
Addressing Russian worries, NATO has informed Moscow that it has no current plans permanently to station substantial numbers of foreign forces on the territory of new members.
The audience oohs and aahs.
Similarly, the New York Public Interest Research Group's new review of giving last year to New York City politicians found that 31 corporations exceeded the corporate cap.
But the cardboard drink attached to the table is not there for show; it is meant to be drunk.
Along the trail, the hermit thrushes trill like xylophones and, over on defunct Whitney-Phipps-Garvan Drive, there's a fallen tree just begging to be jumped over.
''The first thing he'll do is evaluate the talent, which he knows from being in the division and playing against the Jets twice a year,'' said Elliott.
Analysts figure the tobacco pact would drive average prices up anywhere from 20 percent to 40 percent as the industry passed along the settlement costs.
On Monday, stocks rose slightly, with the Nikkei index of 225 issues up 57.51 points, or three-tenths of 1 percent, to 18,670.37.
Mr. Feiler likes to point out a Blondie comic strip taped to the cash register.
In his sermon, Cardinal O'Connor used a story to summarize Mother Teresa's dedication.
Her marriage to James Stewart Hooker took place in 1974.
Many of their stories are poignant, but Mrs. Wilson's encompasses special moral quandaries because she is an offspring of America's vexed role in Vietnam.
His parents wouldn't let him.
The company said it opened 17 stores in the second quarter and closed 3.
The rest of the Internet community appears torn.
Died November 16, 1997 at Plantat in Quissac, France.
''And the guy I was playing against just killed me,'' Kerr remembered.
Faced with day-care shortages, Illinois like most states lets parents turn to the inexpensive, unregulated, sometimes indifferent, care provided by a neighbor or relative.
''We've been busy through it all,'' she said merrily.
''It impacts you in a lot of different ways and continues to be a major part of your conscience, like a bad toothache that never went away.
Not surprisingly, Westernized secular Iranian women scoff at Faezeh's brand of Islamic feminism.
Mr. Francolino, 59, and Mr. Malangone, 60, were each convicted on the most serious charge against them: violating the state's Organized Crime Control Act.
Former congregant New Hyde Park Jewish Center.
Children played soccer on highways.
People are demanding not only better teachers but also many more of them, especially in this city, where a creaking school system is growing by 20,000 students a year.
A former editor of True Detective magazine and the author of hundreds of magazine articles published in the 1950's, Mr. Jones is survived by his loving wife Mary, and devoted son Stephen.
Ives's Third Symphony, with its folksy evocations, sounded suitably atmospheric in Mr. Slatkin's hands, and Ellington's ''Harlem'' was big, brash and brassy.
If you go The Mount Washington Hotel and Resort is on Route 302 in Bretton Woods, N.H. 03575; (800) 258-0330; fax (603) 278-8828.
''It's obvious, therefore, that we will restore our confidence after the disagreement on the military intervention in order to face the question of the welfare state.''
Admission records from the first log used in Weston, which closed in 1994, suggest that doctors diagnosed a startling array of mental conditions 130 years ago.
Survived also by loving caretaker and friend, Burnus McKnight.
In the opening movement, the chordal statement of the theme was couched in gentle hues and gorgeously voiced, and the tempo remained steady almost to a fault; there were passages that plodded with overstated fastidiousness, although they were few.
She said its expansive reach was the best way to demonstrate that Southern Baptists will not tolerate the promotion of lifestyles that violate Christian traditions.
River Road is the main access to the county's waterfront and the major artery in this pencil-shaped borough at the foot of the Palisades.
But Rossini's ''Cenerentola,'' which Ms. Queler presented on Sunday night at Carnegie Hall, is another matter.
In its confused way, ''Bliss'' really does mean well.
Traders speculated that China bought two or three cargoes of American soybeans for delivery during May and June and also wanted soybean meal, a livestock feed.
In a scandal that will further damage a sport already hurt by poor performances and monetary problems, nine weight lifters have been suspended from a residence program at the Olympic training center in Colorado Springs for allegedly using banned substances, weight lifting officials said last night.
Furthermore, if the fact that a choice is ''intimate and personal'' is enough to guarantee its protection under the 14th Amendment, then the asserted right to commit suicide could not plausibly be confined to the terminally ill. A decision to commit suicide because of a failing business or family tragedy would seem just as ''intimate'' and ''personal'' as a decision to commit suicide based on other reasons or no reason.
The Fed last raised short-term interest rates in March, when the target for the Federal funds rate, which banks charge each other for overnight loans, was increased to 5.50 percent from 5.25 percent.
Peddie School, South Main Street and Ward Street, Hightstown.
''And secondly, if they come in through a window and then set off the motion detector, they are already inside the house.
They said they had no work and little money.
During her stressful marriage to the Prince of Wales she had a severe eating disorder, bulimia, and reportedly attempted suicide several times.
but it was still a decent run, even for him.
After graduating CCNY in 1929, Ben became a dedicated foreign language teacher in the NYC High Schools and an active member of The Teachers Union.
''I can see now, as a result of this experience, that it is a very powerful medium,'' he said.
Caring aunt and good friend.
HOLIDAY WEEKEND The Memorial Day weekend festivities continue today and tomorrow, and besides taking in the fun events like parades in many villages, Long Islanders will pause to remember America's war dead.
Drain them on paper towels and set aside.
No state currently plans to cut people from welfare benefits altogether without giving the chance to seek treatment.
and coming to the attention of the F.B.I.
Loving brother of Doree Abramson, Hyman and Arnold.
New toys, a wild assortment of candies and a card on which she's written a few words.
Having the Democratic Party foot the bill for this advertising let the Clinton-Gore campaign conserve its own resources for other spending.
When drowning, he writes in this frightening chapter, ''the body could be likened to a crew that resorts to increasingly desperate measures to keep their vessel afloat.''
Rather than focusing on the crowded American market -- where the Government was auctioning off wireless licenses for billions of dollars -- Mr. Kluge zeroed in on virgin markets like Eastern Europe and China.
she would get even sicker, as though in some mysterious medical way he was controlling whatever was wrong with her.''
But he declined to comment further.
This site lets researchers sift through the patent agency's Manual of Classification and Index to Classification, and pull up patent abstracts using class and subclass codes and patent numbers.
ANNE HARVEY Philadelphia, Oct. 18, 1997
Its form expresses the collective activity that brought it forth.
Other variations on iced tea are also catching on.
The Delaware Memorial Bridge converted five years ago to a one-way toll, and thus has enough lanes to prevent backups and, therefore, is not so eager to convert to electronic collection.
Nurse Rivers was the only full-time staff member of the study, Dr. Jones notes in his book, and played a crucial role as a masterful agent of human relations and trusted bridge between the men and medical staff.
(A similar proposal was approved by a constitutional convention in 1967, but was rejected by voters.)
Dr. Sandy Andelman, a conservation biologist at the University of California at Santa Barbara, said one plan proposed to protect Utah Prairie Dogs by moving animals to a new location, a technique that had already been shown to result in the death of 97 percent of relocated animals within three months.
''We have to get rid of the myth that guns make you safer,'' she said.
Two: There will be more concentration of corporate power and more competition.
An article on Tuesday about the role of Senator Joseph I. Lieberman of Connecticut in the Senate campaign finance hearings referred incorrectly to his family.
The essence of the Oslo peace bargain remains land for peace, or as Mr. Netanyahu prefers to phrase it, land for security.
School officials said more officers were there yesterday, but could not specify how many.
Hanson P.L.C., the British building materials company, said yesterday that it had sold its electrical equipment business to Cinven, a British venture capital company, for $:125 million in cash ($203.5 million) and a $:10 million ($16.3 million) loan note that pays 5 percent interest and is due in 2006.
In February, a trial against Dr. Burzynski ended in a mistrial, with the jury deadlocked, 6 to 6.
Not only does David help his brother in and out of his wheelchair and tend the computer when it breaks down, but the brothers have also been close professional collaborators since their teen-age years, anticipating each other's thoughts, completing each other's sentences, writing joint research papers.
An important step might be to join the board of a smaller institution and make contributions of work or cash so lavish they come to public notice.
''If I can,'' she said, '' I certainly will conclude cases instantly.''
In the realm of fatherhood, Mr. Randall was already planning an encore.
was listed as an option manufacturers could use, and the company still intends to contest Dolby in the commercial market.
As we ate our lunch, we looked into our ''tremendous view'' -- east toward the Berkshires -- at present, a solid wall of white.
''She opened up an egg crate and dazzled me,'' said Ms. Pollak, who has a B.A.
He had a good game.
Animal experiments have shown that estrogen stimulates growth of brain cell branches, which increases the connections between cells ''precisely in those areas of the brain damaged in Alzheimer's disease: the regions required for verbal memory and certain kinds of learning,'' Dr. Finch said.
Canon Inc., a Japanese maker of office equipment and cameras, said yesterday that its earnings for the first half of the year rose 59 percent partly because of weakness in the yen.
Black families fled through the swamps as the prosperous town was burned to the ground.
The Nassau Mid-Island chapter of the Society for the Preservation and Encouragement of Barber Shop Quartet Singing in America, joined by a guest quartet, Variety Pak, and the Commack Cougarettes, the National Kickline Champions, appear at 8:07 P.M. Friday at Chaminade High School in Mineola and repeat the concert Saturday (378-5137).
My Map New York Gentle Giant Publishing (718) 421-7000 Recommended ages: 7 and up Your minivan may be big and you may be going far (to grandmother's house?)
After ADT rebuffed Western Resource's proposal for a marketing alliance, the utility decided to make a hostile bid in December.
The courts have never clearly established whether Title IX, which took effect in 1972, bars the creation of single-sex schools.
In Ms. Takaezu's working process, she is said to walk around the finished form -- hand-built, mold-pressed or thrown on a potter's wheel -- pouring or splashing on her glazing solutions like an action painter.
Whitaker is definitely an acquired taste.
Tungsten film has a strong tendency to go blue in daylight; Selma doesn't look well.
The British Government did nothing to help bring the conflict to a point where meaningful discussions could take place.
Paper tickets will require at least 10 days for mail delivery.
But who could have imagined an amusement park two miles up?
The wife of the late Nathan Karp.
Last Sunday, Arizona Cardinals center Mike Devlin managed to get Giants defensive tackle Keith Hamilton ejected from the game with a questionable hit on Hamilton at the end of a second-quarter play.
''They should appreciate that I went 11 weeks with this pain,'' Williams said today, referring to Nets' management.
Now, starting in late March or April, it seems there will be some platters for viewers to slide into players and judge for themselves.
A World War II veteran meets an old flame who is about to be married.
(Although the valve problems with dexfenfluramine are a new discovery, the drug was associated with a very rare and often fatal heart defect, pulmonary hypertension, and was approved only because agency officials judged obesity, which is widespread, a more serious health problem for the nation.)
The Port Authority calls it business savvy.
*America: unified nation or loose confederation of lingo tribes?
The judge told them not to worry about ''public perception.''
She usually does not hesitate to raise her voice against wrongs.
''Fifty years ago, attitudes about Native Americans were totally different than today,'' said the 71-year-old widow, whose children recently celebrated the 50th anniversary of the family's involvement with the project in typical style: with a series of nighttime dynamite blasts on the floodlit mountain.
He said the seven months between the two fights has allowed him to get in top physical and mental shape.
''They believe their economic future is dependent on speaking English, so they were very interested in trying out their English on me.''
Viewed from the distance of a chronicle, Warren's life was charmed, nearly a fable of literary success.
The two suspects, Martha Nelson, 17, and Erica Colon, 22, told investigators they had intended to rob the victim, but the police say they believe their actual intent was to kill him, possibly as part of a gang initiation rite.
The state enacted its current assisted-suicide statutes in 1965.
A4 NATIONAL A10-13,B6 Injury Forces President To Delay Meeting Yeltsin The White House announced a one-day delay of President Clinton's departure for Helsinki, Finland, for a meeting with President Boris N. Yeltsin of Russia.
''My heart tells me that he couldn't possibly be hurt,'' she said.
Skirts appeared to be on the endangered fashion list this winter, as the popularity of pants was soaring for women of all ages.
The immigration agency says it did not know about the delay and naturalized immigrants it later learned were felons.
And the company is rumored to be hanging onto diamond concessions that will pay it far more than it contracted for.
What was the margin of maneuver for a secretary general of a prefecture?
Le Blanc fled but was captured the next day.
At one point, Mr. Ashley described a reaction by the champion: ''Like, what's up with that?''
If network television is in so much trouble, why do so many stars still want regular shows?
She had 13 granchildren, and seven great grandchildren.
You can't make that much money off us and refuse to give your people enough money to live on.''
It is a fire to light.''
Naturally, you see this when a team wins a division title or a World Series, but this shows there are a lot of guys who care a lot about each other.''
Painted in thick impasto, they have the charming naivete of folk art filtered through a highly developed mind.
It's time handguns faced the same common sense consumer safety rules as baby rattles and bicycles.''
The Conference Board reported a drop of one-tenth of 1 percent in the index of leading indicators, as 6 of 10 components moved lower.
In Illinois, children cannot enter fifth grade without starting the three-shot series, which can take up to six months to complete.
''If he's looking for anything in his back now, it's a pat.''
Iran, for its part, used the Moscow meetings to ridicule Western efforts at isolation.
His goal was to focus the totality of national energy on China's economic development.
But after two and a half weeks of listening to testimony and sifting evidence, the 23 members of the grand jury sided with the police's version of events: that Detective Richard Soto was acting in self-defense when he killed the cook, Jose Antonio Sanchez, during a predawn raid at the restaurant, which was suspected of selling liquor without a license.
Neighbors said that the family was quiet and well-mannered, and that the boy was an honor student at Our Lady of Fatima Catholic Shool in Queens.
''People may be here for business reasons or fun reasons,'' she explains.
''I was never going to work.
Another special award went to the production designer Therese DePrez for her witty 1950's production design in ''Going All the Way.''
The Giuliani administration was not actually involved in developing the free transfer, but the city has agreed to spend about $35 million to subsidize transfers from private bus lines in Queens and from the Staten Island Ferry -- both in boroughs crucial to the Mayor's re-election.
Mr. Norman of RCP, who saw potential dangers in the short term, is among those who see good possibilities for long-term investing in China.
And Acevedo (1-1) is struggling.
Chicago's Mike Sirotka gave up eight hits and one run in eight innings.
A colleague told me of the down jacket she had sent to Moscow's sole dry cleaner.
Lamb's-quarters, also called goosefoot or pigweed, is one of the most popular wild greens.
And Bear in Mind (Editors' choices of other recent books of particular interest) ALL AROUND ATLANTIS: Stories, by Deborah Eisenberg.
The new venture will involve fewer store fronts, larger inventories and new approaches like no-haggle selling and salaried salesmen, according to a Ford spokesman, John Ochs.
The survey, conducted by Coopers & Lybrand and scheduled to be released today, found that the amount of money invested in New York City software, electronics and multimedia companies jumped 125 percent, to $111.3 million in 1996 from $49.5 million in 1995.
''One thing is to promote his image and his example, and another thing is to use it as a way to get more money.''
The dollar also tumbled to a three-month low versus the British pound after Britain reiterated that it would not join Europe's planned common currency in 1999.
It grew only about 2 percent this year and produced no new jobs.
He held that job for 15 years, teaching typography, book design and production full time in the journalism school and rising to the rank of professor.
''Some parents don't have any idea of what to tell the child or how to apply for financial aid,'' said Stanley Ferrell, a senior counselor with College Careers Fund of Westchester, a private, nonprofit organization, which has helped educationally and economically disadvantaged young people for the last 30 years.
clinging to a 68-67 lead, Jones hesitated for a second from his backcourt position on the right side of the floor, then showed the skills that enabled him to lead college players in scoring this season with 30.2 points a game.
The question now is whether it will be the beginning of a more vigorous effort to carry out and enforce the accords or a singular event.
Tuesdays through Saturdays at 3 P.M. Planetarium, Route 28 and Lamington Road, North Branch.
One night two toddlers seated at adjoining tables were busily discovering each other to the delight of the other patrons.
''It can turn life into art.''
Then He would drop them on the heads of all people who can worship in freedom but are indifferent to the suffering of those who cannot.
He graduated summa cum laude from Brooklyn College.
He was 69 and lived in Princeton, N.J.
It was as dark as a cave, and he went in with a flashlight and found a scene frozen in time: something from ''The Twilight Zone.''
Ms. Messinger had done nothing to merit the Mayor's rancor except to spend less time than he did at the Columbus Day festivities.
2d Slow Year for Publishers For a second consecutive year, publishers face record-breaking returns of unsold books and steady declines in adult trade sales, a consequence of business practices developed decades ago.
Yield: One and a half cups.
IF a place like Antarctica was discovered on another planet, scientists from Earth undoubtedly would send hardy robot spacecraft to explore such an intriguing but desolate frozen world.
Their flavor also fades within an hour of being ground, ergo the rare appearance of ground green pepper on the table.
Welcome to Kings Chorus, the Brooklyn chapter of the dulcet-toned national movement known as the Society for the Preservation and Encouragement of Barber Shop Quartet Singing in America.
Jose A. Garcia, a top Customs Service official in Laredo, said inspectors are nearly weaponless against such young buyers in what he calls the ''pill war.''
As much as it's all on their shoulders, it feels like it's on yours, too.
He was a little upset.
A man receiving the maximum cash benefit of $352 plus $110 in food stamps would work about 21 hours a week, making the equivalent of $5.08 an hour.
The pound tumbled to a low of 2.8150 marks in early trading, bouncing back a bit after the Government labeled the report as speculation.
There is plenty of talent left over for next season.
Tomorrow, more than 15 young stand-up comics (many of whom don't stand over 5 feet) are to perform their own brand of humor, and the butt of much of it is, not surprisingly, their parents.
Mr. Manduke had been senior partner and group account director at Ogilvy & Mather Los Angeles, part of WPP Group.
The statement in that letter was only directed to establishing that Mr. Gingrich had not used Congressional resources in developing the course.
Paul Knight, a meteorologist at Pennsylvania State University, said that the storm had formed in Maryland Monday morning and quickly moved north, stalling off the coast of New Jersey for much of the next 24 hours.
At any time of the year, the sight of the immensity of the ocean and the sound of the waves are relaxing and help me to put in perspective the truly important things in life.
The walls are covered with shelves with books, toys, tapes of children's songs, plastic musical instruments and instructional materials.
''This means New York hasn't been marginalized,'' he said.
And he is chummy with employees, capable of the kind of egalitarian gesture his septuagenarian predecessor, Guy Dejouany, was never guilty of making.
* Change your passport (free applications at the post office).
The idea of ''a Christmas ritual had no particular currency in the Imperial theaters,'' Roland John Wiley wrote in ''The Life and Ballets of Lev Ivanov,'' his new book on the choreographer who completed the ballet when Marius Petipa fell ill.
Dinner, 5 to 9:30 P.M Monday through Thursday, till 10 P.M. Friday and Saturday and 4 to 8 P.M. on Sunday.
Mr. Collins said the bug was brought to his attention by a college professor who would not identify himself.
''Half the time I couldn't even get in the door.''
There had been talk of a lawsuit against the University of Michigan for several months, since a group of Republican state legislators urged residents who felt they had suffered discrimination to become plaintiffs.
''All I can say is I've made him an offer to come here, and I guess he's making his decision now,'' Mr. Granger said on Friday.
Today, Germany's central bank, in a rare public clash with the Government, objected to the plan to revalue gold reserves at current market prices instead of at their original cost, and to transfer about $7 billion in profit to the Treasury this year.
''I have mixed feelings about Clinton.
Mr. Lawrence also founded Lawrence Hospital in Bronxville and Sarah Lawrence College in Yonkers.
There is more of a focus on the brand and the product, which may further stimulate sales.
But Mrs. Whitman said that the party was big enough to accommodate Republicans with varying views on abortion.
The 57-year-old has five P.G.A.
But if the circuit court's ruling stands, companies that want to offer local telephone service across the country will have to negotiate a potential hodgepodge of regulatory environments rather than follow a single national strategy.
The best approach, for now, is piecemeal.
No one else can tell you when you are satisfied except for you.
Mr. Stoddard and Mr. Rieman, a partner in the law firm of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison, held a wedding ceremony in 1993.
Mr. Tan wanted to talk about his own case, a dime-a-dozen tale of the local police abusing their power for commercial gain.
Dr. Reid said the one-time boxer displayed symptoms of moderate dementia that could be vascular in origin or the result of Alzheimer's disease or some other condition.
In addition to his management fees, Kiss associates say, Dr. Hilsen was aggressive about collecting payments for his psychiatric treatment of Mr. Stanley, who they say had developed an emotional dependence on the doctor.
But the computer is only a tool, and Dr. Schwartz has found that the software, which was developed in part with a grant from the United States Department of Education, is most useful with an instructor to run it.
She noted strong familial trends for smoking as well as for several leading psychiatric disorders.
But on Wednesday morning, afternoon and evening, as if to answer his enemies, Mr. Castro answered the international whispering campaign by delivering a 6-hour, 43-minute extemporaneous opening speech to the party congress.
Little is known about the other bidders for the paper, but Mr. Appert said that the high price suggested vigorous bidding.
Separately, BBN announced its financial results yesterday for the quarter that ended March 31.
As we sped along the Willamette River, past farmlands, vineyards and woods, Oregon's interior exhilarated me.
But, given the built-in limitations of outdoor amplification, the current system is remarkably natural and free of distortion.
''So I'm just nitpicking here, darlin'.
With work delayed by the 1993 floods, the trail was finally completed along its present length last September (it may ultimately extend another 30 miles, from Sedalia to Clinton) and opened to rave reviews and instant success.
But I can say that his name does not appear in any of Mr. Habib's three date books for 1983 and has never come up in my four and a half years of research.
Chester Bowles Highway (Route 9 from I-95 to I-91 in Cromwell) 5.
As it happens, no, a Bellcore spokesman said.
Meanwhile, New Hampshire won twice, against Merrimack and Boston College, and the Wildcats thus jumped over the Terriers into first place in Hockey East.
The rookie John Wallace had the most productive night of his young career, scoring a season-high 19 points.
A new study has found what may be the best alternative for this age group: a pacifier thermometer.
They would have a majority if the Communists won the 32 votes predicted by the poll, which forecast 260 seats for the conservatives.
At first it was one cardboard box of pastry at the receptionist's desk; now it's several rooms full of confectionary.
Tickets are available through Ticketmaster, (800) 736-1420.
Protests and scattered violence surfaced in Albania again today as fears mounted that more get-rich-quick investment schemes could collapse.
It stands as a clear example of what is so wrong about the government being in the business of offering corporate welfare.''
Some police and prosecutors point to the gang's charter as evidence: the 30-page booklet gives explicit details of the gang's drug and prostitution operations, interspersed with excerpts on family picnics and brotherly love.
Others on the bill were Billy Ray Cyrus, the Dave Matthews Band, John Fogerty, Beck, the Allman Brothers Band, Steve Earle with the V-Roys and Leon Russell.
Try a cab), the system costs too much -- up to $2.40, prices varying capriciously according to time and destination.
''For example,'' she said, ''a site that's going to be used for industrial purposes does not necessarily have to be remediated to the same level we want to see for a playground.''
England (6-1-1) topped Group 2 with 19 points, one point ahead of unbeaten three-time titlist Italy (5-0-3), who advanced to an eight-team playoff to decide Europe's final four berths for the 1998 World Cup.
The moves suggest that there was considerable low-hanging fruit that could lead to easy savings.
''I see improvement in them every lesson.
The library and the Newark Museum have always been strong in the genre often referred to as ''the American scene.''
To the Editor: In 1990, at the Borough of Manhattan Community College, where I taught writing for 20 years, teachers of composition and English as a Second Language instituted a pilot project of a higher writing standard than the City University of New York's proficiency test, one that would better prepare students for jobs and further studies (news article, June 6).
Ultimately, however, the book is anticlimactic, with any excitement it generates snuffed out by a silly central conceit.
This was a logical development choice, since the parcel sat on Automobile Row, which ran from the West 40's to the West 70's, and was lined with showrooms, garages and the offices of major motor-car and tire companies.
(Legislation involving telecommunications oversight more typically emanates from the Commerce Committees).
She moved on to girls as a critical piece in the puzzle of women's development.
''I think you will see more majors do this as a way of acquiring reserves because it is cheaper than drilling for them.
PERSONAL COMPUTERS They Call Them 'User Friendly' Today's personal computers have too many features and demand that users learn far too much.
Sleep apnea is a halt in breathing, lasting usually a few seconds or less, but sometimes lasting 15 seconds or more.
Chen and Dancers in ''Transparent Hinges.''
''Last year, we knew we were going to go all the way.
It would require the budget to be balanced by 2002 or two years after the amendment was ratified by the necessary three-fourths of the states, whichever would come later.
Christie's, which is based in London, has 40 offices around the world and its core business has been expanding greatly in the United States and Asia.
It seems that Naomi Campbell wants to go naked and wear fur.
Instead, the Nets would land a talented player in Van Horn, with the potential to become a franchise player.
But Equus II, a closed-end mutual fund traded on the American Stock Exchange, has never been an ordinary closed-end fund.
But in statements both before and after the meetings he repeated his determination to press ahead with a war that has already brought his fighters to the outskirts of Kinshasa, the capital.
These special accounts gave the owners extraordinary benefits and perhaps undeserved profits that allowed Nomura to spread its tentacles into Japan's corridors of power.
MONTCLAIR ART MUSEUM ''The Contemporary Stitch: Japan Style.''
The company sued immediately, calling the state's actions unconstitutional and, above all, absurd.
Such an apocalyptic view cannot be dismissed out of hand -- Congo has some 200 ethnic groups, and it borders nine other countries.
It has its curves and swoops, like the East River Drive farther south, but instead of a wall of high-rises, it runs along a rocky, primeval cliff face covered in jungly growth.
In the process, Allen lost more than his consciousness last week, he lost credibility.
Proceeds from the catalogue and sale will be divided between Mrs. Harriman's only child, Winston S. Churchill, a British politician, and his estranged wife, Mary.
Mr. Polo had set them up at a friend's house for a few nights, remembering his first homeless nights on the streets.
And I'd say, 'O.K., you told me this yesterday.'
RALPH SHAPEY Chicago The writer, a composer and conductor, is the music director laureate of the Contemporary Chamber Players of the University of Chicago.
Chinese officials have told me they were alarmed by the Russian model as soon as Mr. Gorbachev started tinkering with the Soviet system in 1985.
Such a post-season assignment for Cone was far from a given only a week ago.
ST. JOSEPH'S COLLEGE -- Named Tom Riva football coach.
It was an ugly evening for David Cone as he labored in the dreary conditions that included snow flurries, and the Yankees skidded to their fourth straight loss.
Why maintain a tradition of unadorned stages, formal dress and unvaried white lighting at a time when the young audiences that musicians hope to attract regard that presentation style as uninvitingly dull, and assume that the music is as well?
Pretax profit rose 15.6 percent, to 407 million marks.
The mid-April flood of the Red River damaged two-thirds of the homes in this town, which had a population of 50,000, and inflicted particularly heavy damage on places of worship, which are concentrated in older, riverside neighborhoods.
''But we underestimated the value of software.
I don't know if any of you guys are getting anything out of this, but I'm having a great time.''
Judge Dickey wrote, ''It is the court's conclusion that this was not a strong case for the prosecution without the testimony of Butler, and certainly not an overwhelming case in any event.''
Just as slavery is an extension of the concept of property gone horribly wrong, so too was Stalinism a bastardization of Communism.
For breeding the service uses the existing nesting ground of another federally threatened species, the piping plover, which is closed to people from April to August, in the breeding season.
''We wanted to make sure that we would have alternatives if major bridgework was needed,'' he said yesterday.
The annual turnover rate for the two funds averages 14 percent, compared with an industry average of 91 percent.
'' Swish, there it was.
Most of the mariachis dress in black with silver-colored buttons and chains running down their pants legs and up their vests.
The Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy said more than $3.1 billion in production had been lost as of Saturday, almost all of it in the automobile industry.
Non-Hispanic officials are seldom considered for the borough presidency, they complain.
In 1961, he moved to Hunter.
After today's incident the United Nations immediately called off two other inspections, for chemical weapons and missiles.
In stark contrast, his upstart nephew, who goes by the call name Charles and still sleeps with a Tickle Me Elmo doll, had never won a best in show.
The businessman slowly approached the podium and said of his son: ''We know he wants us to be better.
She's gorgeous and they want to market her, so she better be good.
I love the series ''Tales of the City'' (Chronicle, $13.95), collections of literary excerpts on such cities as Cairo, Hong Kong, Havana, Prague and Berlin.
Mr. Schmidt, 48, a former assistant prosecutor in Bergen, must be confirmed by the State Senate.
Merrill Lynch & Company said today that it was considering opening a retail brokerage unit in Japan and might hire current and former employees of Yamaichi Securities for the new venture.
We saw only seven other people the whole day we were on Admiralty.
Dressed in a gold-sequined shirt and black pants, her chestnut hair slicked back, the mezzo-soprano had an eerie androgynous quality, rather like Leonardo DiCaprio.
The long day of Senate testimony on Tuesday from Donald L. Fowler, the Democratic national chairman during the re-election drive, served to tease up more questions about the power Mr. Ickes exercised from the White House as the President's adjutant who closely monitored campaign details and principals, Mr. Fowler included.
Why this reluctance to wear seat belts?
Were one to arrive, those who paid up to buy brokers at the top of the market might look foolish.
Raul Salinas is in prison on charges of corruption and of taking part in a killing; he has denied those accusations.
The leader, Ibrahim Maqadmeh, a 47-year-old dentist, was regarded by Israel as the head of a secret Hamas terror apparatus.
Dr. Mackay argued that simply holding an international conference on smoking in Beijing has had a significant effect on Chinese officials.
bought 80 percent of a Chinese distribution company and has used that venture to find Chinese companies to make G.E.-designed products under contract.
''Our concern of course is that historically all of these decisions are that might is right, and that is on the Orange side,'' Mr. Burke said after attending the peace talks.
He will be missed by all who knew him.
Hours: Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, 11 A.M. to 5 P.M.; Sundays and Thursdays, 1 to 5 P.M.
Looking with the unaided eye straight at a galaxy they know is there, for example, they may not see it, but looking off to one side, they can easily see a fuzzy gray patch that is the galaxy.
''It's not a place that draws you in,'' said Arthur L. Bocchi, senior managing director of the Sumitomo Realty and Development Group, a subsidiary of the Sumitomo Realty and Development Company of Tokyo, which bought the building in 1987 for $500 million.
''The documents Liggett is sending first are the ones that most clearly show there was crime and fraud being committed,'' said Don Barrett, the lawyer in a Mississippi case involving claims that a barber's death from lung cancer was caused by secondhand smoke.
Most garage door openers are designed to handle doors of this height or less.
''He was a bright kid, on the honor roll, a rather charming kind of person,'' said Brother Peter Bonventre, a school administrator.
Mr. Smith and Mr. Liotta would not confirm or deny that.
''Hey, Grant, how many Dukies have N.B.A.
''Their answer was that laws on foreign lawyers do not apply to us.
''It's not like I want to destroy the show,'' he continued, ''but I need room to think of other things.''
Ms. Duke gives Sook a spirited will to go along with her sensitivity, setting this interpretation apart from Geraldine Page's fluttery version from the 1960's.
Cain Brothers & Co. New York City Transitional Finance Authority, $650 million of future tax secured bonds.
Mr. Catterson led by about 56 percent to 44 percent with about 34 percent of the votes counted.
Weeks later, there was more trouble when some investigators said they were blocked by White House officials during their inquiry into the death of Vincent W. Foster Jr., the former deputy White House counsel who had committed suicide that year.
As long as they don't hasten, the flying public is at risk.
Go day by day and get through until tomorrow.
Next, viewers see shoppers at a fictitious superstore that only sells Diet Snapple.
Gail MacDonald, president of the Global Climate Coalition, which is made up of business and trade groups opposed to binding targets for reducing emissions, said she did not object to the White House's tactics.
Mr. Clinton's proposal offers a maximum $1,500 tax credit for each of two years, with the goal of making at least two years of college as common as a high school education is now.
''I do clothes I would want to wear,'' she added, indicating that slip dresses fit one area of her life.
''They're not supposed to like us, and we're not supposed to like them,'' Charles Oakley said.
It was the second-busiest day in history, after the 1.2 billion shares traded Tuesday, testing the technology might of Wall Street brokerage firms and exchanges, and causing delays at many discount brokerage firms.
Traders noted, however, that the market was limited on the upside ahead of the Government's quarterly refunding next week, as the Treasury prepared to sell $29 billion of three-year notes on Tuesday and 10-year notes on Wednesday.
All the other things are irrelevant.''
Member of the Liederkranz Club of Manhattan and the Garden City Assembly.
As tax day approaches, grumpy Americans have a sympathetic ally in Representative Ron Paul, a Texas Republican and libertarian who flat out despises the Federal Government.
The most notorious, Juan Garcia Abrego, a drug baron who headed the so-called Gulf syndicate, was handed over early last year, tried in Houston and sentenced to 11 life sentences in a United States prison.
WEDNESDAY Patchogue -- Holiday Music Recital; 12:15 P.M.; Congregational Church, E. Main St. 475-1235.
MARIAN BASS Princeton, N.J., April 3, 1997
''You have to do the right things when you get your opportunities, and I didn't,'' said Agassi, who confirmed that his schedule after a long layoff would include a Davis Cup appearance next month.
''We perform due diligence on our projects that you can compare with that of the best investment houses,'' says the foundation's executive director, David Saltzman.
In the age of air travel and instantaneous information, the backyard advantage may be disputed.
But most trade agreements are bilateral deals governing trade in specific products or services, from pharmaceuticals to telecommunications.
There's no evidence that any more of them are being bought.
They are also cramming into libraries once closed to them, eager to get their hands on textbooks, which they often cannot afford.
That was the big audition.
We have the top three radio stations on Long Island.'
His aides say his Culture Ministry has eased censorship on some books and granted licenses to 30 new newspapers, magazines and journals, but there is otherwise little by which to gauge the course he intends to set.
The market's lackluster performance, however, came despite high expectations about second-quarter corporate profits and additional signs that the inflation threat was easing.
Two, the Heat's management inexplicably raised ticket prices 160 percent for Game 5, creating an uproar in Miami.
Beloved mother of Elaine Alper and Alan Honig.
He added, ''If you tell viewers about a story and say the C.E.O.
And on Monday, a group of America Online shareholders sued the company, contending that its accounting practices misrepresented the company's financial health.
Stonewall Jackson would fight in 16 Civil War engagements, and his nickname dates from the first one, at Manassas, where troops were rallied by the cry ''Look, men, there is Jackson standing like a stone wall!''
You're not going to get monumental profits producing proteins in milk because there are so many other ways to do it.''
Ms. Messinger, however, delayed delivering her prepared remarks to respond to a new campaign commercial for Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani that attacks her on the issue of weapons in the schools.
Ms. Lounsbery said no one had gone to Wisconsin.
In 1996, it earned a record $8.7 million, or 92 cents a share, on revenues of $417 million.
Loving father of Lucien III and John Howard.
But I could shoot better than anybody when I just stood there.
Add to this the sudden departure in 1988 of the museum's longtime director, Rollin Van N. Hadley, and the demoralization was complete.
The telecast will be dedicated to the Triple Crown's history, Silver Charm's team and Gary Stevens, his jockey.
But he also made clear his hostility to Latino tenants, his preference for Hasidic families and his appetite for the opportunity offered by a loosening of rent regulations.
We don't go around promising everybody everything.
Mourners chanted: ''Burn the police!
''I have a lot to prove to all those nonbelievers out there,'' said Shipp, a 6-foot-8-inch, 240-pound forward, who looked a lot like his old self while shooting baskets recently in his new green-and-gold Pioneer uniform.
A1 Confirmation in Doubt Republicans said they were holding up confirmation of President Clinton's nominee for Surgeon General, Dr. David Satcher, because of concerns among conservative senators that he was not sufficiently opposed to certain types of late-term abortion.
The President's remarks do not reflect a substantial policy change, although an Administration official said they were intended to send a ''positive response'' to Mr. Khatami.
He has been too good for too long to believe otherwise.
''This agreement is far more than I could ever have anticipated back in January when I filed this lawsuit,'' Mr. Vacco said at a news conference on Friday night after returning from the tobacco negotiations in Washington.
And that is stirring memories among those who lived through it.
The shame and self-doubt I feel once drove me to within a moment of self-destruction.
Arriving in England, she immediately proved repulsive to George, but the marriage took place anyway, despite the fact that he had already secretly married a Roman Catholic widow 10 years earlier, at age 22.
Today, the Fayed family suggested that the police might have been wrong in finding that Mr. Paul had a blood alcohol level between 1.75 and 1.87 grams per liter -- more than three times the French legal limit -- at the time of the accident.
Justice S. Barrett Hickman released a written ruling today that validated that and elaborated on an announcement he made on Monday.
A poster for ''Roman Holiday'' sells for $605, according a price guide, and one for ''Breakfast at Tiffany's'' for $495 -- $1,295 if it is in Italian.
Now, that's changing; the dynamics are beginning to reverse.
The trip will take two weeks.
'' Basically, these offshore trusts enable affluent Americans to be the beneficiaries (generally, in the United States, the creator of a trust cannot also be a beneficiary) and the trust's assets and income cannot be seized -- at least not easily.
Paintings by Nicholas Krushenick are at the Mattatuck Museum in Waterbury through March 16.
From March 31 to April 4, Killington's School for Professionals will help advanced skiers and snowboarders, age 16 and older, who want to teach or to improve their technique.
There was Deion Sanders, woozy from his head being slammed into the turf, not high-stepping but being taken off the field on a cart.
A man was charged with aggravated manslaughter in the death of his 2-month-old son Friday night, the police said.
Britain's new Prime Minister, Tony Blair, has invited President Clinton to attend a meeting of his Cabinet when he visits London next week, British officials said today.
They were held in hotel ballrooms and similar venues and cleverly promoted by advance tastings in other cities around the country, usually with Mr. McNally presiding.
Arnim Evans, 28, of Philadelphia was charged with murder and rape after officers pulled him out of the home of the victims, Pamela Blue, 24, and Roseann Young, 35.
teletype report from the initial bulletin and for the rest of that horrific day and night.
Today at 6 P.M. at Waterloo Village, Stanhope.
Mr. Heffernan's wife, Leslie, said: ''The financial is very bad.
The new fleet and related platform renovations will cost $500 million.
asked Jack Faris, president of the National Federation of Independent Business, a voice of small companies.
He fails to mention that Mr. Tobin built the World Trade Center to absorb millions of dollars generated by the authority's bridges and tunnels and to prevent that money from being used for rail transit, which the governors and mayors supported.
In one case, for instance, they killed a diamond merchant because he had sold them gems of poor quality.
Below center, the wedding party is a tea-rose-color take on 18th-century style, including parasols and fans, while the embroidered white sari-style dress, top right, draws on an even older tradition.
contacting the petitioner by telephone.
Larry Johnson has changed positions, and his minutes have been reduced to about 33.
On Saturday, Mr. Thurmond will ride in two Christmas parades, and somewhere in the course of the week, his Washington staff will assemble in the office for its annual birthday get-together.
One morning in early May, Leonard and Donna Prohs, who are hoping to stay in their home in Richland Park East, watched as two houses across the street were demolished.
The foundation is also mounting a new installation of 90 works by 11 artists at its 22,000-square-foot Santa Monica headquarters, open only by appointment to arts professionals, students and visiting groups.
Of course, as Mr. Wallace himself observes, it's easier to draft manifestoes than it is to fulfill them.
Party planners all over town have been sworn to secrecy.
Al Sharpton has been served with a subpoena to appear in State Supreme Court in Poughkeepsie, N.Y., for the defamation lawsuit against him and two other former advisers of Tawana Brawley.
A burst of laughter swept the hearing at the uncovering of apt summary testimony invoked thereafter in the hearing corridors: Zoned Out.
The crowd, which overflowed the 1,750-seat Coles Sports Center, chanted, ''N-Y-U, N-Y-U,'' and fans, friends and family rushed onto the court to celebrate with the Violets.
The Federal disaster assistance requested by Gov.
Another mitigating factor is that Thompson and Ogilvy share a corporate parent, WPP Group, the world's No.
Not Ellis Island or the Museum of Natural History.
''I panicked because that was my rent money.
It costs $493 deluxe, $664 royal.
Requiem Mass Monday, 11 AM, at Church of the Transfiguration, E. 29 St., NYC.
pleaded guilty to spying for Russia.
One chosen by Coach Colin Campbell is Luc Robitaille, who was benched for the third period in Sunday's 2-1 defeat in Philadelphia.
Check with the house to find out more about these.
Catholics remain the single largest group, making up 33 percent.
But even as Guatemalans were celebrating the end of their national tragedy, the Drug Enforcement Administration was apparently standing ready to recruit their country's leaders in yet another American-inspired campaign.
Injuries, many of them serious, come in waves.
Several marketers have made changes in their accounts.
''So we need to raise the part-time wage.''
has the numbers or following to make good on its pledge to destabilize the federal Government.
That was Chuck Arnold, my Hicksville High School music teacher.
After taking office in June, the Government lifted curbs on settlement expansion imposed by the previous Labor Government, and Mr. Mordechai has since authorized construction of hundreds of new housing units.
Mr. Craven may wryly send up his own genre, but, Janet Maslin wrote in The New York Times, his ''brand of humor eventually proves one-note and thin.''
Scott Mathis, a marine and a helicopter mechanic.
The Taliban, who began their march to power three years ago, now control about three-quarters of Afghanistan, including just about all of the poppy-growing regions.
And Ayatollah Khamenei has put Mr. Rafsanjani in charge of a panel known as the Expediency Council and granted it considerable power -- so much that most diplomats and Iranian political analysts regard the former President, and not the current one, as the country's second-most-powerful person.
As symbols, they are, indeed, as overdetermined as caves can be, and Landsman's project, in part, is to give voice to their ineffable mysteries, which are those of the human soul.
But if Ballesteros chooses Parnevik and excludes Faldo, he would risk offending a great player and put even more pressure on Parnevik, who has never played in the Ryder Cup.
The telephone number is (800) 624-6242.
There are Picasso posters on its soaring pale-peach walls and shell-like sconce lights, providing a warm glow.
August has come to be seen as a great time to open a movie.''
So 1997, they say, is the year for Democrats to stand up and press their own agenda.
The rise in spending was capped by an increase of one-half of 1 percent in March, helped by a gain of six-tenths of 1 percent in personal income during the month.
Mr. Ross opened his latest effort with visits to both Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel and the Palestinian leader, Yasir Arafat, but there were no immediate reports from any of the participants.
Laab moo, a salad of ground pork blended with lemon juice, galangal, lettuce and ground chilies, neatly balances the contrasting flavors, but is scorching.
Williamsburg Works, an agency with a limited staff on Union Avenue that tries to find work for welfare recipients, has been so overwhelmed with people sent by the city that it informed state and city officials that they would have to rethink their contract.
and can be ordered with a panoply of Ben & Jerry's ice creams.
Progressive rock always demanded that listeners use their imagination to let epic instrumental passages transport them to another place.
''He knows about special teams.
Dairy farms and quiet villages dapple its rolling hills, bounded on east and west by the Berkshires and the Catskills.
But Steve Mitra, a senior analyst at Jupiter, said he was skeptical whether New Century would be successful.
''They're quicker, friendlier here,'' said Carri Gomez, 28, a mother of five.
You can install Internet Explorer, you can uninstall it, and you can upgrade it, and applications that require it supply their own copy.
About 20 employees have put in 18-hour days every day since the fire, which the Fire Department has said began when a motor in a kitchen refrigerator overheated.
At the time, Democrats said Mr. Reynolds, a conservative, had weakened protection for minorities and women when he headed the Civil Rights Division.
Whether third-world workers will ever see a benefit depends on sharpening the code and intensifying disclosure of companies that violate its provisions.
That could be a problem for Latin American funds that have large stakes in Brazil.
At first, American writers came to Paris as much to escape Prohibition, censorship and discrimination in the United States as to enjoy a bohemian life style.
Other officials who have seen the document described it as a scholarly legal paper designed to assess competing legal theories in light of available evidence and to examine hypotheses about where the inquiry might lead.
Attendance was down in most major cities.
There is something moving, and these days rare, about this sort of commitment to serious abstract painting (Kimmelman).
But there is another reason General Mace is a reassuring choice.
The witness, Darrin DeCanto, 28, a relative of Mrs. Wynn, said the driver of a truck had tried to run him down at a birthday party at Mrs. Wynn's home.
Ms. McNally added: ''I didn't experience working with gay men, but with Marie-Anne it is about friendship and trusting what she does.
A former managing director at Rothschild & Company, he essentially started Goldman's French practice from scratch in 1991.
But it turned out that the land owned by Mr. Williams was part of an Indian reservation and that it was held in trust by the Federal Government in lieu of a tax obligation.
During an interview with ESPN on Tuesday night, Huggins was asked by Digger Phelps whether he was happy with his backcourt.
The show is currently shown on several public-television stations, but Goldsboro hopes commercial stations will carry his beasts into millions of hearts.
The new year has not changed the Claridge's run of ill luck.
''Crowning Glory: Images of the Virgin in the Art of Portugal.''
A two-story-high sign beckons: ''Private self-service rooms''; three concepts that are music to the Manhattanite's ear.
''We haven't learned to play as favorites,'' Sampson said.
The school, kindergarten through fourth grade, is one of 13 new charter schools, or independently run public schools, that opened in New Jersey this fall.
Mr. Turner wants to keep New Line, Time Warner executives say, largely because the company's output could serve such Time Warner television outlets as TBS, TNT, HBO and various channels overseas.
The free-spirited Majoli had other ideas and harassed Coetzer, whose trademark is error-free tennis, into making an unseemly 68 unforced errors.
(She later produced affidavits from her board's secretaries saying that the fax machine had been jammed.)
Spill Notification Aftereffects of an August sewage spill in the Hudson are spreading from where it started in Tarrytown to county legislative offices in White Plains and the office of New Jersey Gov.
I raced toward home, knowing that my department, the Brookfield V.F.D., would probably be summoned.
The Bear Stearns lease on 750,000 square feet runs to 2002.
DRIGGS-Marie K. (nee Knight), age 76, of Piermont NY, died Monday, August 25, 1997.
And even those East European nations would be accorded a kind of second-class NATO status under the current Russian plan.
Richard L. Amper, Jr., executive director of the Long Island Pine Barrens Society, said the transfer was ''an enormous addition to the core preservation, at no cost to the taxpayers.''
''If he was a high-end prostitute, Miami Beach would be the perfect stomping ground for him,'' said Scott Hankes, a correspondent with the community newspaper Wire and producer of the paper's live cable show.
Now the Knicks had the ball again, and Houston was open in the right corner, wide open.
''There isn't a lot of eye contact between the bride and groom,'' Ms. Saluja said.
Too little time yields woody, stubbornly chewy stems; too much time turns their flavor muddy and their texture mushy.
NEW YORK TRANSIT MUSEUM, Boerum Place and Schermerhorn Street, downtown Brooklyn.
Judge Matsch was widely praised during the McVeigh trial for his disciplined handling of the proceedings.
Recently, he spoke at a meeting of residents here on the role the fort played in defending the Hudson Highlands.
Stevens has won 4,149 races, and his mounts have earned $148,976,695 -- of which he gets approximately 8 percent.
We have to love one another.
In lieu of flowers please send contributions to the American Cancer Society, 19 W. 56th St, NYC 10019.
And that can be a really overwhelming experience when you embrace the responsibility of it all.'
Last week, Campbell said Goneau may be headed to the minor leagues.
''Nobody here is happy about it.''
Democrats have been especially skittish about raising the tax, because voters punished them for supporting former Gov.
Admission is $8 for adults, $5 for students and the elderly and $4 for children from 5 to 18.
Representatives from Yale and the St. Petersburg Academy met for 10 days in Russia in 1996, and in January a Yale contingent of students and faculty headed to St. Petersburg for workshops and a first run at the play.
The spectacular facade of the San Marcos, 300 feet long, enhances a 16th-century building whose interior has museumlike grandeur: a cloister, a gallery, a resplendent stone stairway, tapestries, Castilian antiques and coffered ceilings.
''All we are waiting for is for someone to pull the trigger,'' Mr. Sasso said.
A man of many talents, he was a great musician and an important dealer in great works of art.
John H. Wasson, M.D., Dartmouth Medical School.
In the three settlements -- and in a proposed consent decree in one of the five lawsuits -- developers and architects have agreed to spend tens of thousands of dollars to refit the buildings or revise construction plans to make them more accessible to the handicapped.
The United States Embassy in Tel Aviv also issued a statement emphasizing that Mr. Tenenbaum had not been accused of wrongdoing, saying, ''No determination has been made that any U.S. law has been broken.''
Against the yen, the dollar traded just below 121 yen before rebounding to settle in New York at 122.13 yen, up from 121.60 Tuesday.
Donna Kalson had broken off her three-year relationship with Mr. Curtis about a year before he shot her to death about 1:30 A.M. on Oct. 30, 1987, according to court documents.
The Pathfinder rover, meanwhile, has moved within a little more than one and a half feet of another rock it will study, the deputy project manager, Brian Muirhead said, adding, ''That's where we wanted to go.
''On a day-to-day basis, if the stock market is down, I'm down,'' said Stephen Cherpelis, a co-owner.
There are literally whole floors, from the 29th to the 39th, where major sections of the wall are bulging out.''
''The computer is showing us new ways to play these endgames.''
The east side of Eighth.'
Mrs. Smith still believes her daughter is a sweet girl, a simple child who is very easily led.
$(D17.$) Thailand Agrees to I.M.F.
They may want to put their own statuary in there, which tends toward classical and Italian Renaissance heroic sculpture.
No one would welcome that deal more than the executives at Universal Television, because that studio, famous for its one-hour dramas, has been all but desperate to break into half-hour comedy, which is a far more profitable business.
Playing without the injured Mark Messier for the second consecutive game, the Rangers needed a little something extra today from Wayne Gretzky, their other superstar center.
''I think they are planning an action of some type.
George E. Pataki of New York in Ohio is interesting.
''We bought our way into the system.
There are a play cargo plane with loading ramps, one of them a slide, and a cockpit and crawl-through tunnels.
''The question we ask our customers on chemotherapy is, 'Do you want to look like you feel, or better?'
Ms. Cooper, 47, remembers insisting that one passenger remove his glasses.
's Connecticut division (which includes parts of Massachusetts).
''People are affected by it.
U.S. Effort for Mines Deal Facing overwhelming opposition from nearly a hundred countries, the United States sought a compromise to enable it to sign a treaty to ban land mines.
A more active currency was the British pound, which rose to a five-year peak against the German mark before tumbling late in the day.
''I wish I knew what magic South Orange was using,'' said JoAnne M. Shaefer, chief financial officer for Glassboro.
ONE of the more predictable questions real estate lawyers are asked by clients buying a house is: ''How much are the closing costs going to be?''
Nor, be assured, does Patrick Marber, whose comedy-drama ''Dealer's Choice'' opens on Tuesday at the Manhattan Theater Club Stage 2, following a long session in London and a brief one at the Long Wharf Theater in New Haven.
It will not be easy.
''The short-note market right now is overpriced and suffering,'' he said.
But others who were in the meeting said that Mr. DeLay alone acknowledged that he was prepared to join rebellious junior members in a parliamentary vote to oust Mr. Gingrich if it had come to that last week.
The suspect, John Edward Armstrong, 39, had demanded a car at the start of the standoff and threatened to kill the youngsters, Malcolm Phillips, 4, and his cousin Tedi Priest, 2.
He refused, he says, because he would have compromised himself and because the very idea of reporters being Government informers puts every journalist's life in danger.
Israeli authorities had arrested Mr. Issa on suspicion of terrorist activity and questioned him the same way they would question anyone else: posing questions and waiting for answers.
In the 1920's and 30's, Mr. Monsoon said, Strangler Lewis might have had Stanislaus Zbyszko in ''a grapevine leg hold, or a short-arm scissors for an hour and a half.
Mr. Pataki said he had also directed the state police to forward the names and addresses of delinquent parents whose licenses have been suspended to local police departments on a consistent basis, so officers could physically seize the licenses, arrest the parents and impound their cars.
It is an extension of the convention business.
Many notable golfers were within striking distance, including Phil Mickelson (13 under par), Tiger Woods (12 under) and Fred Couples (11 under).
The potent imagery of the birthplace was well understood by Lyndon B. Johnson.
But any declines were rare until shareholders started pressing for a link between pay and performance.
As the interview began, the candidate opened a soda and the first five pill containers and started taking his pills.
Real final sales, which exclude the effects of inventory changes, rose 4.1 percent; the rise had been previously put at 3.8 percent.
One reason for the growth is that the European Union wants to diversify its energy sources while clamping down on polluters; almost no country could get the political support to expand nuclear plants.
THE DAY AFTER TALKING SAINTS, David Willcock and his star are driving through the Cotswolds to scout out porcelain figures.
We should be willing to be part of the whole spectrum of American society.''
Mrs. McKnight says she wants to increase health care coverage for poor people in the district.
His publisher, the Practising Law Institute, described Mr. Friedman's ''Contracts and Conveyances of Real Property,'' an analysis of real-property law published in 1954, and ''Friedman on Leases,'' an analysis of commercial real estate leases published in 1974, as two of its best-selling titles.
''At least I hope not.''
Mr. Shelby, though, said the Justice Department report ''raises as many questions as it purported to answer.''
''For people who have had their hopes dashed countless times, it's crushing to be left out of this so-called success story.''
But for a faster trip, who wouldn't try a new route?
''No, I couldn't,'' Johnson said.
Valentina Iribagiza had a victim's-eye view of the 1994 massacre in Rwanda.
Recently, in Leeds, England, he participated in a production of Mozart's ''Magic Flute'' in which the director, who had a background in movement-based theater, spent two weeks doing movement rehearsals, before anyone sang a note.
Labor union PAC's, often regarded as the counterpart to corporate PAC's, almost always give more heavily to Democrats than to Republicans.
For example, ''Red Shepherd'' looks like an aristocrat, with a flower-decorated cape and flamboyant feathers emerging from the band of his tall hat.
''We feel a strong belief of my own,'' Robin Cook said, ''that we can't have peace in Bosnia unless we have justice against those who committed atrocities.''
He was 80 and lived in New Haven.
They also hired Louis Berger International, a unit of the New Jersey-based Louis Berger engineering group, to explore ways of designing the tunnel and organizing its construction that might result in a lower cost.
WHEN the elevator finally lands on the 107th floor, the doors open, and this is what you see: a stuffed deer standing next to a split-rail fence, peeking around some pine trees dusted with fake snow.
Stocks tumbled at the opening of the market on the Labor Department's report on December employment, which showed higher-than-expected job growth.
Christopher R. Lynn, the Department of Transportation Commissioner, said that such a request typically takes 8 to 12 weeks.
During eras when full, rustic flavors are in vogue, the leg and wing tend to be ubiquitous.
Although the fad has waned in recent months, Nike athletic shoes were wildly popular in Japan, especially the Air Max shoe.
Director offered no hint of a permanent rift.
The budget that year, including money raised from city, state and Federal sources, is projected to be $36 billion.
There was little question that the asylum was the city itself.
It is less a surrender to love than to certainty, which may account for the remarkable endurance of his appeal and the eclecticism of his faithful.
Frank Jobe, the team doctor who performed the surgery, said he removed four calcium deposits from Nomo's elbow.
The postwar period during which Europe and Japan were rapidly catching up with the United States in terms of gross domestic product (measured per capita) and productivity is now over; in the 1990's, the United States has maintained and in some cases widened its competitive lead.
The leather used to be pulled taut, for example, but is now loosely gathered to look and feel more sumptuous.
Fine choral music awaits at four other 4 o'clock locations too.
Researchers have said they are appalled by the unwarranted hysteria touched off by the tritium leak, which will continue until shipments of fuel are completed in the fall and the storage pool is repaired.
The shower was a hand-held model in an alcove off the sink area (there was only one sink).
The newspaper said Jock Clear of Villeneuve's team was heard on tape telling Villeneuve to allow Hakkinen to pass.
The TrizecHahn Corporation said yesterday that it had been selected by the Canadian Government to develop a large area of downtown Toronto for a major entertainment and retail complex.
Amtrak management and track workers agreed yesterday on a cooling-off period of at least one week, averting a possible strike on Wednesday that could have wrought havoc on hundreds of thousands of commuters in the New York metropolitan region.
This whirlwind is pure Reitz: a structure of repetitive movement with permutations.
Ominously, given what was to take place near San Diego this week, Heaven's Gate read this response as final, an indication that its mission was over, that the ''weeds'' of humanity had taken over Earth's ''garden,'' and that civilization was finished.
''He won two Group I races in England, won in Dubai, won in Japan,'' Stoute said.
To the Editor: I was delighted to see the Hotel de la Sorbonne (''What's Doing in Paris,'' Sept. 28) as a budget inn ($66 to $84), but wistful as to the change in the meaning of budget.
H. J. Meyers & Co. Brandywine Realty Trust, Newton Square, Pa., 8 million shares.
But where consumers lack negotiating strength, they often face higher fees.
One large patrol boat arrived with 150 people, mostly young men, all claiming to be civilians and all seeking asylum.
The cause was cancer, his family said.
Preung Sriy, a round-faced 27-year-old mother of three, uses buckets of river water for washing vegetables, for bathing her children and for drinking.
Asked why he never did encores, the pianist replied that he had three reasons.
While most scholars say it is too early to make historical assessments, the organizers say they want to capture the fresh recollections of former White House officials.
The Hubbells lived in strict accordance with the conventions governing upper-middle-class life in Little Rock.
The Toyota Corolla has a $700 rebate, while the Ford Taurus and the Dodge Grand Caravan and Plymouth Grand Voyager mini-vans all carry $1,000 rebates.
The United Arab Emirates was noncommittal.
Nancy Lieberman was a senior that year, and tonight, now known as Lieberman-Cline, she looked on as a television commentator as her alma mater tried to put the clamps on the sport's newest rage, the electric Holdsclaw.
PROFANITY Considering the situation, remarkably little.
And in terms of raw power over legislation, the Lieutenant Governor actually has much more of it: he presides over the Senate and controls the movement of bills and committee assignments.
''The answer is no,'' John Dryer, a Disney spokesman, said yesterday.
''I just haven't heard anything yet that's going to solve the problems that we have run into here.''
''The only thing I took down was my cat, Midnight.''
Roussel Uclaf, the French pharmaceuticals company, said today that it had stopped production of its unprofitable abortion pill RU 486, ending its battle with anti-abortion campaigners who lobbied against its sale, particularly in the United States.
Ms. Buzy-Pucheau said: ''At this stage of our lives, we probably could be making a lot more money working for someone else.
Whatever the cost of computerizing the entire subway system -- Mr. Reuter said it would be ''closer to $2 billion than $1 billion,'' while one of his predecessors predicted it would cost $20 billion -- Mr. Reuter said that it would be, at most, only twice as expensive as replacing the existing signal system, which has to be done in any case.
Dr. and Mrs. Morton Rosenbluth and Family
In past years, he said, as many as 150 runners needed help.
Moreover, they may choose to avoid the advertising they get on America Online, a barrage that is sure to increase, by signing up with a local basic Internet access provider instead.
''Whatever you do, don't just sit there,'' he says.
representative in the Super Bowl.
Equally entrancing, though, are some of the masks that follow.
Generally, silks with a higher pickage -- the number of silk threads packed into a square inch -- have more body.
A full-page announcement today in Voice of the Serbs, the newspaper of the supporters of her rival, Radovan Karadzic, called on ''all courageous and intelligent Serbs'' to attend.
Although scientists believe that they understand the general feedback mechanisms affecting climate, the directions and intensities of the feedback loops are largely unknown.
I mean, this Oscar kid, he beats Chavez, and he's king.
Alfonse Russo's father, Anthony Russo, is awaiting a retrial on murder charges and is said by law-enforcement authorities to be a member of the Colombo crime family.
These Americans understand that we are dealing with persecution, not just bigotry or prejudice but persecution -- torture, incarceration, enslavement, abduction, confiscatory fines, mass deportation -- against congregations and clergy.
That figure rose to 1,756 in July.
Brokerage Executive Pleads Guilty Andrew Bressman, the former president of A. R. Baron & Company, admitted to defrauding customers of millions of dollars.
By chance, the three former directors of the Eagleton Poll also lived on that same street at one time or another, to which the woman who deals with probability theory says, ''The probability of that happening is very small.''
The opening of a convenience store is not usually cause for major municipal celebration in a city of 38,000.
PROSPECT PARK Brooklyn Library Plans The March of a Century For its 100th year, and the beginning of its summer reading program, Century Star Readers, the Brooklyn Public Library is celebrating with a parade today.
GREANEY-Patrick J., age 58, of Wyckoff, New Jersey, died on Tuesday, Nov. 11, 1997.
Much of the speech was laced with elevating metaphors involving the rising sun of a new century shining on New York.
Neither Mr. Netanyahu nor Mr. Bar-Illan cited Ms. Albright's statements as a factor in the decision.
The Illini (24-7) had not had a winning season, let alone an N.C.A.A.
Puccini, pressured by critics and impresarios concerned with profit, altered much of the music and the character of the principals.
''But I see governors taking the extra money they've been given and using at least some of it to provide resources to help people work.
The Swiss have not suggested that Mr. Peralta is under suspicion related to drugs.
The same would apply to families of drug addicts, he said.
At his request, it has no dates, no titles, only the legend MAHLER.
However, the phrase ''known issue'' is preferred, a spokesman said, ''due to the complex nature of the word 'bug.'
Charlie gambles and is broke, but he hopes to strike it rich with one of the passengers.
It's not going to come in one game or one period.
It was not the $5 million salary the Net point guard asked for as the season came to a close, but a $3.5 million salary would be a nice bump for Cassell, who made $1.235 million last year.
But as her son became hyperactive and was slow in learning to speak, she would sometimes yell at him in frustration.
's until April 1996, when Congress passed a law deregulating the industry, he says.
Of the defendants, Monmouth Beach will pay the largest amount, $3.8 million.
Members of the Republic have filed liens against Mr. Bush, other state officials and even Pope John Paul II.
The Meta Group estimates that Hitachi's share will remain 20 percent.
A scholarly center devoted to such pulp literature as ''Doc Savage'' and ''The Shadow'' would have lured many a wan English major from the toil of trying to remember whether Moby Dick was the whale or the captain.
In the 1950's, Mr. Johnson worked as an actor and model in Los Angeles and appeared in the film ''Daddy Long Legs'' and in the television series ''Father Knows Best'' and ''Maverick.''
Mr. Lipman said the farmers would pay no more for buying the company, the nation's second-largest beet sugar refiner, directly.
The police had previously found fragments of rear directional signals from a Fiat a few hundred feet behind the point of impact.
The company said they would need to ''dress up'' the vicinity; in reality they made an already fragile intersection look like a slum.
But overall, Hernandez hasn't hit a wrong note at any point in his glorious coming-out party.
''This is an impressive step in the direction of self-regulation,'' Mr. Pitofsky said.
Sixty-five percent of the beds in the adult shelter system get financing to provide alcohol and substance abuse treatment and employment services.
Hubert Horatio (Skip) Humphrey 3d, Ted Mondale and Mike Freeman, three sons of once powerful fathers, ignore each other as they pump arms at a Democratic conclave in the Minneapolis Convention Center.
The play continues at the Century, 111 East 15th Street, between Union Square and Irving Place.
Hardly fail-safe material, but Mr. Strauss and cast do very well by it.
Amy Kaiser, a community education specialist with the New England Marrow Donor Program in Farmington, said there is discomfort with marrow donation, but most of the pain is gone after a single day.
It needs a victory, a big one, for confidence.
An opinionated guide to cultural and recreational goings-on around the state this week.
To write this play I had to remove myself from the book.
That led to years of involvement in the civil rights movement in the South and advising Robert F. Kennedy on racial and education issues.
Mr. Piper died in 1992.
A week later, facing a torrent of criticism, it withdrew from the deal, dismissed three nonphysician executives and established an ad hoc panel of ethicists and other experts to review all existing relationships with for-profit companies and to establish acceptable guidelines for future ones.
The local Chamber of Commerce backed her opponent in 1991 election but endorsed her when she ran again in 1995.
His mother is a novelist and artist.
Give me lacrosse in the morning, and I'll build a rocket in the afternoon.'
There is an emphasis on food of southwestern France, which is the home of the chef, Laurent Manrique, Mr. Stein said.
''Things are getting better,'' said Jamie Wickett, a lobbyist for the National Federation of Independent Business.
''To be blunt,'' he said in an interview, ''the computer simulations are another case of garbage in, garbage out.''
I think it would be a lot better if you could get together and see where the other guy is coming from.
Many plants survive through January and February; however, there's little growth until mid-February.
Mary Jane Colter designed the four oldest cabins there too, and the Civilian Conservation Corps had a hand in renovations.
Latavia Coleman had 18 points and 15 rebounds for the Seminoles (3-2).
report more consistent with Presstek's internal earnings projections,'' the S.E.C.
CBS had a litany of objections to the statistics and their origin.
This is quite apparent in New York, where the peculiarities of city life are replicated in the dog culture.
Democrats have complained that Judge Sentelle, an appointee of President Ronald Reagan, is a North Carolina political supporter of Republican Senator Jesse Helms.
The wilderness is part of the Fire Island National Seashore, a jewel of Long Island and a significant resource to the nation.
Years passed, and the princess moved on -- to books on decorating, a deal with Avon, a clothing line sold on QVC and the Home Shopping Network.
The exchange between Mr. Giuliani and Ms. Messinger came as the Rev.
Two Israeli helicopters ferrying soldiers to southern Lebanon collided in midair this evening over the northern Galilee, killing all 73 soldiers on board in the worst military air disaster in Israeli history.
''Unless they're a studio head or we know them,'' Mr. Sands says, all prospective buyers will have to show that they have $1 million in liquid assets or produce a letter from a bank certifying that they can meet the mortgage.
''The inflation fears were overblown,'' he said.
There a girl, whom he recognizes as an occasional visitor to the synagogue, approaches him.
It was up in corporate fantasyland, wasn't it?
Cyclic GMP-dependent protein kinases are also found in humans, Dr. Sokolowski said, so the research may eventually have implications for the study of eating disorders.
These goods were stolen from governments and civilians in the countries Germany overran and from Jewish and non-Jewish victims of the Nazis alike, including Jews murdered in extermination camps, from whom everything was taken, down to the gold fillings of their teeth.
Or as one moderate Catholic professor here remarked to me: ''Let's be honest, the middle classes here are doing very well.''
The lawyers representing the artists in the Federal case said last week that they had not yet decided whether to appeal Judge Baer's ruling.
But Mr. Salazar said that was not his principal concern.
New England converted 9 of 10 free throws.
Mr. Leonard, also 32, is a vice president in the finance division of Morgan Stanley, Dean Witter, Discover & Company, the financial services company in New York.
''You tread a fine line,'' Van Gundy said.
management was reluctant to use replacement workers.
We have to make tough choices to strengthen and protect Medicare and Social Security over the long run.
The investor-owned chains argue that only they have the financial discipline to cut costs and raise efficiency, themes that play well in the battle against medical inflation.
And then there is the approach of the year 2000.
''I would always see the mother with those two boys and they seemed like such a happy family.
He also asserted that ''critical blood evidence was commingled with other critical blood evidence.''
My home run in that situation is a blessing from God.''
Neither team could establish control in a game that saw 12 lead changes and eight ties.
With its own high cost structure, it also saw no end to the hundreds of millions of dollars in losses it had been reporting each year since 1991.
To the Editor: Albert Shanker was more determined to pursue his union career than your Feb. 24 obituary suggests.
Harassment of non-governmental organizations is not the kind of repression the world gets excited about.
And when the third quarter was complete, the world of hoist-and-hope basketball had a bold new champion.
15 Livingston Avenue, New Brunswick.
''Everyone in the world wants to be loved for who they are, for who their soul is.''
But Peruvians are concerned about Mr. Fujimori's authoritarian style, particularly when the Congress, which is controlled by the President's party, dismissed three judges in May after they ruled it was unconstitutional for Mr. Fujimori to run again.
''There were times in the game where they had four guys on the perimeter equally capable of knocking down long shots.
They have the cash flow to cover these bonds comfortably.''
and two for the National Theater, prompting London critics to hail her variously as ''the new Jonathan Miller'' and ''the best female director of her generation.''
estimates that the actual number of polio cases across countries like India, with large territories and partly monitored populations, may be up to 10 times higher.
So is Biota a good investment?
In a country where baby girls have traditionally been neglected or abandoned in favor of boys, reports that the one-child policy spurred the abandonment or even murder of baby girls caused great concern.
And the proliferation of electronic mail will only make letters even more valuable and nostalgic, he adds.
Before Dr. Wilmut and Dr. Campbell showed it was possible to clone from differentiated cells, ones whose developmental fate was sealed, cloning did not seem to be an option for genetic engineering.
There's no other production company in Britain that has its own in-house legal, production and development departments.''
She says, ''I'd fallen in love, that's what exhilarated me.''
-- Black studies have taken up the thesis of Martin Bernal's ''Black Athena,'' which claims African origins for ancient Greek civilization.
''I expect a lot from today's meeting,'' he said before the session.
''On the other hand, it's a commercial channel, and we have ambitions for it to do well.
I feel confidence after the match with Chang.''
But ''the cutes'' were exactly why Nancy Schafer, who produces Austin's South by Southwest Film Festival, included ''Late Bloomers'' in her 1996 program.
Wednesdays through Saturdays, 1 to 4 P.M.
To get arrested on a bench appearance ticket is meaningless compared to being without housing.''
The Red Sox took the field.
Such ''discrimination'' may restrict opportunities, but we live with it if it is justified by a legitimate public purpose and if it does not exclude us on grounds that are arbitrary and irrelevant.
He wanted to design his own clubs.
That's now where we are.''
Mr. Moto fumes, but only for a minute.
The stock plunge in Hong Kong spilled over to other markets, including American stocks, driving many investors to buy bonds.
''It would be wholly incompatible with the concepts underlying tax exemption,'' he continued, ''to grant the benefit of tax-exempt status to racially discriminatory educational entities.''
''She wisely agreed to take his application,'' said David Foley, a spokesman for the monitors, ''and left as quickly as possible.''
In the September issue of W magazine, the fashion directors of Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom, Saks Fifth Avenue, Bergdorf Goodman, Bloomingdale's and Barneys New York all praised fur -- the first such group hug in years.
Under the tutelage of the executive chef Jean-Jacques Metrailler, couples will put on toques and learn how to prepare dishes like oysters Rockefeller, veal loin with porcini mushrooms and Merlot sauce, roasted garlic mashed potatoes and champagne parfaits with pears and raspberries.
We made some mistakes, but I think the good far outweighed the bad.''
Nonetheless, this impulse to undo an unpopular jury decision has its costs.
Metrowest Teen Production Company presents ''Fiddler on the Roof.''
No, Tiger Woods still leads in those categories.
Mobutu must exit the political stage gracefully,'' said an African diplomat, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Officer Volpe repeatedly asked Mr. Rodgers to step out from the fenced-in portion of property in front of the building and onto the sidewalk, Mr. Rodgers said.
Yang Hyun Ju's bedtime ritual has been a bit different these last few days, ending with her chaining herself to a fence outside a cathedral here and lying down to go to sleep for the night.
At home, he tried to put theory into practice by raising royalties on exports of bauxite, the ore from which aluminum is made, and acquiring a controlling share of American and Canadian bauxite companies.
Even in Minneapolis, where mother and son moved in the fall of 1994, similar problems re-emerged.
Any more clubs, the residents say, let alone such a large one, would overwhelm its small but growing residential population, put at 2,200 in the 1990 census.
And even if this deal doesn't work out the way Calipari hoped, he deserves credit for rolling the dice.
''We do as many free things as possible,'' Mrs. Park-Jones said -- neighborhood play groups, for example, and reading groups at local libraries.
God, the First Cause, come among us.''
The fact that none of us can solve these problems you write about does not allow us to shirk our responsibility to make the life of others just a little bit better.''
''We are seeing a lot of activity,'' he said, ''because banks are lending again.
The front-wheel-drive Passat feels and rides decidedly German.
Mr. Eriksen's testimony came in a hearing by the health subcommittee of the House Commerce Committee, which is examining the proposed $368.5 billion settlement between the tobacco industry and state attorneys general.
A small share of the profits from the store are to go toward helping needy women.
Indeed, proposals for expanding luxury decontrol call for lowering the income threshold and lowering or eliminating the rent cutoff.
In the 1996 elections, it attracted the attention of top Democratic campaign strategists, including Harold M. Ickes, who was a White House deputy chief of staff, and Donald L. Fowler, who was the Democratic national chairman.
Service 12:00 Noon, Sunday at ''Schwartz Brothers-Jeffer Memorial Chapel'', Queens Blvd and 76th Rd, Forest Hills.
Irwin gave unstintingly of his time to many worthy causes including The Museum of Modern Art, The Metropolitan Museum, The New York Philharmonic and The New York Metropolitan Opera.
In Los Angeles, where he owns two homes, a Rolls-Royce and a Jaguar, Mr. Cochran has been at the epicenter of the power elite -- lawyer to stars like Michael Jackson and Stevie Wonder, good buddy of the former Mayor Tom Bradley -- for a decade.
Wendy applauded madly through that whole part.''
Kevin Gilbride got his first National Football League head-coaching job yesterday when he was hired by the San Diego Chargers to succeed Bobby Ross.
One provision would enable broadcasters to keep those channels for an indefinite period.
For years he would tell interviewers that while still a teen-ager, he fought on the side of Venustiano Carranza, who eventually overcame other forces to head Mexico's first stable post-revolutionary Government.
Not only was Brother Francis -- the long-dead monk -- loyally at Bonnie's side, but she also called on other deceased souls through mediums.
''He's a left-hander and it increases his chances of being a sleeper,'' the manager said.
He also advises pet owners to keep their animals off grassy areas.
Maybe it would go up a little after the tournament, but that's about five years from now.''
The language of 215 gives patients and their care givers the right to cultivate marijuana; whether a grower unknown to a patient can, in any meaningful sense, be that patient's care giver seems arguable at best, but that is the operative legal fiction.
At no moment in the past 50 years did it look properly for the owners or their heirs.''
At the end of that squalid 1996 Presidential campaign, politicians and press spoke of little else but the urgency of saving the democratic system from smothering in money.
Mr. Zhu is known as a highly capable, independent-minded manager who has carefully allied himself with Mr. Jiang though, interestingly, their relationship falls outside the patron-servant role most common in high-level Chinese politics.
But there seemed little mistaking the message to American officials: Russia would retaliate for an embarrassing series of traffic violations its diplomats had been accused of in New York.
What the stars mean: (None) Poor to Satisfactory * Good ** Very Good *** Excellent **** Extraordinary Ratings reflect the reviewer's reaction primarily to food, with ambiance and service taken into consideration.
ORCHESTRAL FAREWELLS Three community orchestras also call it a season Saturday: The Atlantic Wind Symphony offers a ''Spring Celebration'' featuring works by Dvorak, Faure and Rossini, at 8 P.M. at the Sayville Middle School on Johnson Avenue (589-0861).
''And I think about that in terms of my own situation, that for years I wanted to build this new life in Oklahoma and forget that I'd had this experience in Washington.''
The public has heard for years that big publishers have abandoned art for commerce.
''We're going to have a smart, deductive action hero,'' Mr. Granat said, adding that studio executives had not yet decided whether the new Chan would also be named Charlie.
She has leaned on a vast network of relatives, former colleagues and friends -- including her father-in-law, Marvin S. Traub, the retired chairman of Bloomingdales, and Renee Gerson, the proprietor of a cafe in her Upper East Side neighborhood -- to pry loose paintings from reluctant private lenders, many of them novice collectors who could not see why they should live for as long as seven months with an empty space over the fireplace where the Monet used to hang.
John Gage, Sun's chief science officer and Net Day's architect, said the only ''strategic'' interest for Sun -- whose Java programming language is used by Internet software developers -- is in getting ''smart employees'' in the future.
But one can see another figure of this goddess, a glorious ancient carving in stone, in the Philadelphia Museum's permanent galleries of Indian art, just upstairs from the photography show.
The tumor was detected after an M.R.I.
* ''EVE'S BAYOU,'' starring Samuel L. Jackson and Lynn Whitfield.
Instead, determine what truly makes them happy and give it to them.
''This is great,'' said Maria Gamarra, a second-year student in psychology at City College who moved to New York from Peru five years ago with her family.
That is, there is real ethnic pride here in the return of Chinese sovereignty, after 156 years of British colonialism.
''If that comes with restrictions on amounts and restrictions on the level of money that can be spent in an election, I'm perfectly happy with that.''
Now she is back with a vengeance.
The Governor and the Legislature also agreed to allow two tax-free weeks for clothing sales: one last September and the other in September 1998.
This rise is from a closing low of 8 5/8 reached on Dec. 20, 1991.
's huge proposed tax cuts, the centerpiece of the Republican economic strategy.
Mr. Dorfman is also impressive in the way he has synthesized speech and action, though the script is more amusing than touching in its suggestion of loneliness and self-doubting alienation.
A24 NEW YORK/REGION B1-5 Deal Struck in Albany To Dismember Con Ed New York State regulators and Consolidated Edison agreed on a sweeping reorganization that would break the utility into several pieces and give deep rate cuts to large industrial customers.
''I just never got into it.
With the Mets fielding a bunt defense, they tried a pick-off play that forced Clemens to dive back into second base.
The indictment charges that from about January 1991 to about September 1993 two former administrators for Mederi, Susan Regueiro and Leopoldo Perez, masterminded the scheme, creating a large network of bogus nursing care corporations, which they were accused of using to bill Medicare for patients they knew did not exist and for care never given.
Your article said more about the sociopathic people than the hapless dogs.
In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to The Children's Aid Society, NYC BROOK-Arthur N. July 30, 1997.
And he went on to say that Terry would have to help him because he's in it so far up till now.''
United Nations, $162 million of debt securities.
Passed away on March 25th at the age of 86 in Palm Springs, CA.
Part of the reason is that inflation jitters have subsided, and few analysts believe Federal Reserve officials will raise short-term interest rates when they meet next week.
After they were brought to the station house, at 153 East 67th Street, the police said, a fourth man entered and asked for the keys of one of the suspects.
Pruning cuts must be clean, made by sharp properly designed cutting tools.
But if the state were to take over the Shoreham debt, thus making Lilco more valuable, the agreement calls for an enhanced percentage for Lilco owners, 0.88 of a new share.
Along with seven other volunteers, he had spent six and a half hours trudging through ravines, swamps and thick underbrush in search of a Learjet that disappeared on Dec. 24 with two Connecticut men aboard after aborting a landing attempt at Lebanon Municipal Airport.
I don't think it was a matter of trying to manhandle them.''
The prosecution has said that it has tapes of Ms. Thompson trying -- after receiving a phone call from Mr. Cosby's lawyer -- to telephone her daughter and ''dissuade her from persisting in extorting Cosby.''
Some analysts say that Mr. Wolf may reach a modest deal with labor, declare victory, then go ahead with the aircraft order.
And now it's back again.''
Funeral homes would be required to treat the fluids drained from bodies before discharging them into sewer lines, under a bill up for a vote before the State Senate Law and Public Safety Committee today.
He accepts passes with his skate blade or glove and stays in stride while flipping the puck to his stick.
''But we're still talking about producing 48 original hours of television a year, in each of those time periods,'' he said, referring to the four nights of ''Dateline.''
Jim Pierce, through his lawyer, Lee Levenson, has insisted that he gave up his career as a jewelry salesman in order to establish his daughter's career as a tennis phenomenon.
July 30-Aug. 2: ''On Golden Pond.''
A heavily robed, shadowy figure proved to be a dancer encased in a steadily rising sculptural construction.
Devoted father of Allan, Jill Sherman and Bob.
You can't let little things, what people do, or things illegal that certain guys get away with, get to you.
''That's morality and economics in a vacuum,'' he said.
Mrs. Sharp took pride in offering gracious service in the European manner.
I think it sends a message to all, like a little wake-up call, that when a man does his duty, his color isn't important.''
''We may be brought up with a television sensibility,'' Ms. Jones added, ''but the arguments in this text are so provocative, the audience is enchanted.
''Migration of activity from government-regulated to privately regulated markets sends a signal to government regulators that many transactors believe the costs of regulation exceed the benefits,'' Mr. Greenspan said, warning that traders have already voted against American regulation with their portfolios.
Devoted mother, grandmother and great grandmother.
As Aleksandr Kotelkin, director general of the Rosvooruzhenie, the Russian state arms export company, noted during a recent defense trade show in the United Arab Emirates, Peru will be lucky to keep 10 percent of the jets operational at any given moment.
I hope that in the continuation of the path, it will indeed be proven that there has been a turn toward the fulfillment of obligations, and then both sides will come out as winners.''
* Bear Stearns Cos., New York, is selling $200 million of notes due in 2007 through Bear, Stearns & Co.
She has formally requested the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe to supervise the elections, which she would like to be held in October.
''The inspector told me I could stay open and do business.
The answer, I think, is for colleges and universities to do away with the selective campus fraternities and sororities that have bullied, insulted and hazed their students for generations.
They came because they saw themselves in Sergeant King.
She will always remain in our heart.
But as Ms. Dennis has learned during a three-year struggle for redress, any battle for privacy today is an uphill fight, and individuals have an inherent disadvantage.
Traffic rolled freely again through most of France today after striking truck drivers lifted their last road blockades under a wage deal that their biggest union signed with employers.
The attackers, who were disguised in various uniforms, used the rallying cry of the Armed Islamic Group, which has been waging a campaign of killings aimed at destabilizing the Government.
Within 30 minutes he claims he can train a horse to accept saddle, bridle and rider by encouraging a mutual understanding of body language and trust between animal and trainer.
Ghaith R. Pharaon, the former front man for the Bank of Credit and Commerce International and its illegal purchases of financial institutions in the United States, was indicted on fraud and racketeering charges in 1991.
The average round-trip business fare increased 86 percent, to $820, over the nearly five-year period from May 1992 to January 1997, according to American Express Travel.
A group of Bre-X shareholders has filed a class-action lawsuit in the United States District Court in Del Rio, Tex., accusing Mr. Walsh and other company officials of ''fraudulent and wrongful activities.''
He might have won the Derby with Nashua in 1955, but he was beaten by Swaps, who was ridden by Shoemaker, by 1 1/2 lengths.
''He has the values, the character I'm looking for.''
''Some of these unlicensed broadcasters have chosen bands adjacent to air traffic control channels.
Behind town three slender pagodas rise high above the plain, the oldest of which was constructed by Tang Dynasty engineers in the ninth century.
Her father was a poet and a professor of English at the University of Washington in Seattle.
When a child asks, What is the world, we literally have nothing to tell her.''
A year has passed since Mr. Spencer, 50, who was the City Council's majority leader, took office after vanquishing his Democratic predecessor, Terence M. Zaleski.
No one was rushing to San Diego to claim the bodies, which members of the group had called their ''human containers.''
I hadn't seen her in it.
As obvious as Ms. Sui's questions may seem, where and how a woman might wear a particular garment has not always been uppermost in designers' minds or even in customers' thoughts.
SCHWARTZMAN-Dr. Joseph D., 94, ophthalmologist, of Tamarac, FL, (formerly of Jackson Heights, NY).
The sanding will scuff the surface and provide a tooth to insure a good bond between the layers.
He cannot speak for the other 39 guys on the list, but Jeff Gordon can tell you that the figure appearing under his name on the Forbes magazine roll of the world's 40 top-earning athletes for 1997 is sound, almost uncannily so.
Chairman of the Board, Mr. George L. Knox Kinshasha Holman Conwill, Director INNISS-Charles E. The Board and staff of the Citizens Committee for New York City mourn the loss of one who devoted his life to improving his city.
What we do not know, however, is why you would be so irresponsible as to publish ''The Party's Over,'' with models who appear half dead.
''The only thing they've got to round them up with are machetes,'' she said.
He built terraced gardens on the hillsides (the remnants of them still exist, descending like vast staircases to the lakes below) and commanded his artists to paint portraits of the flowers around them.
But for an age of sound bites and political jadedness, this celebration will substitute ''a brief but stirring speech.''
''But if you don't like a design, you just sand it off and try something else.''
Maj. Gen. Uzi Dayan, the top Israeli commander in the West Bank, said at a news conference tonight that the Hamas cell was responsible for drive-by shootings in Israel and the West Bank, the bombing in Tel Aviv and other attacks that claimed a total of 11 lives.
He gets up and he knows what he wants to hit.
Yet Microsoft also markets Internet Explorer as a separate product in shrink-wrap boxes in retail stores with its own advertising campaign and its own product logo.
Timberwolves 94, Celtics 84 Minnesota's Tom Gugliotta had 32 points and a season-high 19 rebounds and Kevin Garnett blocked 8 shots.
(The speediest wheelchair group will start 10 minutes before the entire pack.)
After surrendering, Mr. Makharadze appeared in Superior Court and was released in the custody of the Georgian Embassy while awaiting an indictment.
The academic attacks on a tale of a medieval voyager who apparently beat Marco Polo to China are widening, with more scholars dismissing the newly published book as a clever forgery.
Wednesday's bombing in Jerusalem in part remains a mystery.
The insurance companies say that some of the same legal provisions that allow people with minor injuries to collect thousands of dollars in settlements for pain and suffering are also leading to fraudulent medical claims and to medical bills that are excessive or unnecessary.
The virus is transported by aphids, which are generally not active when tulips bloom.
It makes us all nervous.''
Home is where the heart is, we say, rubbing the flint of one abstraction against another.
We had come to the right place.
This is just an example.
''The network is always on the homophobia patrol,'' Mr. Bilson says.
Mr. Rolle said he had been willing to make the plea agreement in part because of Dr. Gajdusek's age.
Within hours of marching into town on Saturday afternoon, their commanders had put a stop to the looting by residents and remnants of the Zairian Army.
''It seemed inevitable given what the Office of Public Liaison did that she would get caught up with the fund-raising problem,'' said the former official, who said he supported Ms. Herman but expected the nomination to fail.
WALSH-Ann Durkin, 9/20/97, an avid arts enthusiast.
Critics of President Clinton's plan to expand NATO charged today that enlargement of the Western military alliance would create new risks of instability in Europe and cost the United States far more than the Administration has estimated.
settled a case in February with Oakwood Counselors, a Morganville, N.J., firm with $46 million under management, after finding that Oakwood had collected almost $300,000 in soft-dollar arrangements that it had not disclosed.
Well, in ''Barbarians at the Gate,'' in which he played the head of American Express, he wore a Superman suit to a party.
They book a suite of rooms at a small hotel called the Willerton, which turns out to have been the scene of a grisly accident (or murder) back in the 1930's.
Looking at the jobs report, economists and analysts saw evidence of optimism for household incomes, corporate profits and even holiday retail sales.
Some Republicans are pushing an entire revision of the income tax code to put in place a flat tax or a national sales tax.
The Army and Navy service chiefs supported the request but the Air Force Chief of Staff and the Commandant of the Marine Corps, suspicious of the Army, believed that the ''request represented a surreptitious attempt to expand the Army's air arm'' and opposed it.
Bank of America has 5.5 million debit card holders, including 4 million in California.
She is not married and nobody cares.
Mayor Kurt Schmoke, Dr. Patricia Schmoke, Gov.
Christine Todd Whitman began her television advertising campaign tonight with a 60-second commercial that was broadcast at the same time that the Democratic candidates were sparring in their first televised debate.
An Atlanta woman, after a bad marriage and her mother's death, seeks a new life on Martha's Vineyard.
These women aren't going to have anything to worry about.
''Sometimes you need to repeat a message for a leader to get it,'' Mr. Rubin said at a news conference today.
''My uncle was the last Governor of the North-West Frontier Province, which is now Pakistan, and it was very much his last moment of glory,'' said Dr. Sherwood, who declined to give her age.
M. Mitchell, Center for the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease, Harvard School of Public Health, 677 Huntington Avenue, Boston, MA 02115.
In fact, soaps are still extremely profitable for the networks, with advertisers -- at an average of $22,000 for a 30-second spot -- spending $1.2 billion a year on daytime serials, according to Competitive Media Reporting.
Lopez toiled in relative obscurity before catching King's eye.
Chaminade won its first indoor Catholic High Schools Athletic Association boys' title yesterday, while St. Francis and St. Anthony tied for the girls' crown in the C.H.S.A.A.
Our deepest sympathy to Hy and the family.
''While pursuing efforts toward restoring sound fiscal positions they will need to deepen structural reforms to reduce barriers to job creation and to increase efficiency of government actions and, where necessary, reshape its role in their economies.''
Shaker was formerly the executive producer of CBS Sports.
Mr. Lake deserves a chance to address the criticisms and to make the case for confirmation.
''My mother was shot,'' she said.
In percent *Estimated daily average, Telerate**Realized dollar amount rises with inflation***Municipal Bond Index, The Bond BuyerSources: Salomon Brothers and Telerate for Treasury's bellwether bonds, notes and bills
Well, answer the last one.
Thank God Almighty, he's free at last!''
At the beginning of his review, however, he tells us that the show is a ''theatrical extravaganza.''
Then she wheeled over a cart bearing a smoky local prosciutto (prosciutto is usually cured without smoking), which she cut by hand.
Cherished grandmother of Ian, Terence, Jocelyn and Daniel.
Or rather, the rediscovery of what is now known as Lina's sunbird.
Calamity turns Bauby into a connoisseur of irony and eeriness.
-- was like zapping back to the Pre-Costas Epoch that I grew up in.
A trip to the Internet Explorer pages can be quite interesting as boxes start popping up, reminding you to download the version du jour as well as asking about which of seemingly dozens of Active-X controls need to be installed.
While a 1994 review by the Federal Agency for Toxic Substance and Disease Registry found that the site itself was a ''public health hazard,'' studies by the state and others have not concluded that residents' ailments were caused by the high lead and mercury levels around the plant.
JOHN GORDON NURSERY -- 1385 Campbell Boulevard, Amherst, N.Y. 14228, (716) 691-9371; free price list.
But in the end, his cancer-wracked body down to less than 100 pounds and his hair all but gone, the ambitious Castro antagonist is said to have accepted his fate.
LORI CLAYTON scrawled the sign on a piece of her daughter's construction paper in a furious fit the morning after.
I'm confident that this was about as close as I could come to a fair list, while I'm aware that some of the books would have been replaced by others had I contacted a different set of bookstores.
Now, eight revisions later, the newest ''Joy of Cooking'' (to be published by Scribner in November), calls the frittata ''the quiche of the 90's.''
If Cairo is an example, then you are only half correct.
is going to be busy in the next few months, with three productions.
''I caught a couple of thousand trout in my lifetime, and this was the first time I ever caught one'' of the hybrid tigers, he said.
''When we cast Sloane Shelton in that role I took her to the North Fork to meet the Wickhams.
These two awards seemed in keeping with the general tone of the 20 Pulitzers for 1997, which covered journalism, history and biography touching the immediate and the personal in peoples' lives.
Backstage, the band is exultant, even as members joke about learning the songs someday.
The mouse was a star, but almost from the beginning his fame brought detractors.
The exhibition runs through Sept. 14.
Generations of children were touched by her deeply insightful teaching.
MULLER-Gertrude E., on October 2, 1997.
He has struck a balance between going about his day as a typical teen-ager and as an AIDS patient.
''If he does, I'm in for a big day.
In London on Nov. 14, at a joint news conference with Mr. Netanyahu, Ms. Albright made the link explicitly, saying, ''I made clear that for the sake of the Middle East peace process and for our broader mutual interests in the region, it is time for us to move on the peace process.''
The man who walked by, the detective concluded, must have been the one who placed the trash at the curb -- almost under the noses of the police.
The Giants built it to 17-3 after Brian Mitchell allowed a Hostetler pass to bounce off his hands and directly into the arms of Conrad Hamilton, who raced 18 yards to the Washington 12-yard line, setting up another field goal.
No one on the ground was hurt.
Some left delicate impressions of leaves, seeds or stems in the ash.
International Inc. Revenue rose 1.5 percent, to $3.3 billion.
ITT Industries' rose 87.5 cents, to $24.25, on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Bosnians say they have no other choice.
Top honors for in the non apology category go to Pol Pot, who, reflecting on the carnage he brought to Cambodia, could not quite manage to say, ''Gee, I'm really sorry.''
Nor has Mr. Clinton found a cherished, if borrowed, retreat, like Harry Truman's ''Little White House,'' the commandant's residence on the Key West naval base.
Each was indicted on single counts of rape and kidnapping, while Diaz Arce faces an additional charge of attempted rape.
The penalty for each count is up to three years in prison or $7,000 in fines.
Each time, however, it has been Mr. Kabila who has hesitated.
it asks, then answers: ''Absolutely not!''
This year, the brochures went out 10 weeks before the opening event.
Rodman, meanwhile, pulled down 13 rebounds, frustrated Alonzo Mourning into fouling out and dived into the seats to somehow save a ball that Steve Kerr retrieved and put away for 2 points, a great sequence that came just seconds after the Bulls had staged a 9-0 fourth-quarter run to put the game away.
'' Glossing over its worrisome implications, Mr. Beane seized on the terminology.
And this would fundamentally change the character of the colleges, sharply lowering average test scores and displacing huge numbers of high-scoring middle-income whites.
This summer, while Hampton continues to look lead-footed during drills at camp -- although this is his usual preseason energy level -- Wheatley has sparkled.
He taught himself to use the computer, and he is now fluent in English.
In another twist this year, there are now divisions among the protesters.
Loaded Dice The Einasto study, involving a much wider sweep of the sky than the pencil-beam surveys, is harder to explain away.
McDonald's has also named Burnett ''the lead agency on our new value initiative,'' said Chuck Ebeling, a McDonald's spokesman in Oak Brook, Ill., referring to a coming crucial price-cutting promotion.
Consider Rose Morgan, 49, a former commodities trader who lives in Vancouver, Wash.
Medium-hot turned out to be torrid enough, not quite at the ferocious level.)
''Most of the major record companies are meticulous about keeping them.
Even before the announcement of General Diya's arrest, General Abacha's program for a transition to civilian rule had begun to look less and less like the carefully managed return to democracy that it was asserted to be and more and more like a clumsily improvised script to return the President to office in civilian guise.
Charges against a businessman accused of raping a woman he met over the Internet were dismissed yesterday at the request of the Manhattan District Attorney's office.
Citing the 1735 case of John Peter Zenger, the New York editor who was charged with seditious libel for publishing political criticism, the judge noted that a trial jury had refused to convict, despite the defendant's guilt.
WHEATON VILLAGE ''Garden Party: An Exhibition of Crafts in Nature.''
At the beginning of the narrative -- which is really the story's end -- this former Nazi, now an important citizen of Vienna, is found dead at the center of a garden shaped to look like a chessboard.
''As a city resident, I can't argue with what Giuliani has done,'' he added.
''It means nothing to me,'' he said, glaring at the questioner.
Between 40 percent and 60 percent of the purchase will be paid in TCF stock and the rest in cash.
Each section of each lesson is surrounded by pretests and post-tests.
Park East Synagogue mourns the untimely passing of our devoted member Milo Fields beloved wife of Gary, and mother of Marjorie, student of our Leon and Gina Fromer Religious School, and Sarah Remi.
Initially, Mr. Chamer and the rest of his group had hoped to use the old City Council chamber on the second floor as a catering hall for receptions and other functions.
California (23-9) held a 43-36 lead as the clock ticked under 11 minutes.
His trainer, Wally Dollase, reported that the colt seemed apprehensive when schooled in the paddock, ''but he was all business as soon as he hit the track.''
Mr. Jeunet is now directing ''Alien Resurrection,'' an expensive science-fiction thriller for 20th Century Fox starring Sigourney Weaver and Winona Ryder.
Mr. Greenburger actually had a potential tenant earlier this year.
All the service, in fact, is strange.
''I just sat down and bawled -- right in front of them.''
Ward is the better defender, and the better fit for the Knicks, but he has a lot of growing to do at point guard.
The case has become known as the cadet murder because the accused, two love-struck 18-year-olds named David Graham and Diane Zamora, both honors students, had just begun their first year at military academies -- he, the Air Force; she, the Naval -- when they were arrested and charged with the murder of Adrianne Jones, 16.
In addition to a faithful construction crew they have at their disposal a cadre of highly skilled artists and artisans who do exceptional wall finishes, hand-painted decorative work, woodwork and tiling.
Those we sampled were superb: coconut, lemon, raspberry, chocolate and vanilla.
The facts of Mr. Dorris's background are still being sorted out, but he claimed Modoc Indian descent.
Morrie saw these things through the eyes of a man who knew his fate.
There are motels on U.S. 22 and around route I-78, among them a Holiday Inn (610) 391-1000 at 7736 Adrienne Drive in Breinigsville, just outside Allentown, which has 180 rooms, a restaurant and an outdoor pool.
But Mexicans are voting in nationwide elections today, and the long-reigning Institutional Revolutionary Party is expected to sustain big losses.
Mr. McCurry and officials of the AMR Corporation, the airline's parent, declined to say how the discussions were going, but some pilots were encouraged by yesterday's developments.
How does eroticism translate into sound?
board, ''it's going to have a host of ramifications on the local level with people saying, 'Why should we support them financially?'
Even a week of deliberation by Kennedy's advisers meeting as an executive committee, during which initial enthusiasm for an air assault on the missile sites gradually cooled, Hersh describes as just a clever ploy.
While the company entered a top market in acquiring KIIS AM and FM in Los Angeles, Jacor is an industry contrarian: its strengths are in secondary markets and AM formats.
While distributors have used local television spots for decades to supplement print advertising, Warner Brothers pioneered the use of network television as its principal advertising medium in the early 1980's, and others soon followed.
They have warned that management becomes too focused on mergers as a panacea at a time it should be learning other aspects of the new operating landscape.
''Barry said he has a big bet on the shape of the yield curve'' -- the gap between short-term and long-term interest rates, Mr. Mullin said.
Forte came with an impressive international resume.
Sprinkle the salad with the remaining tarragon and serve.
''This is very fulfilling right now.
were much more cautious on the scene.
But hey, we both know the situation.''
Loving father of Lauren Wyler Smith and David Wyler.
Penny grew up in Woodbridge, NJ, and spend most of her life there, before moving to California with her husband in 1986.
All the trains converge on Bleecker Street, and St. Marks Place connects to the Astor Place stop, but here the subways are farther away.
Douglas hopes to get a shot at the title by ''just looking impressive in every fight.''
What constitutes acceptable ''business casual'' attire is different from industry to industry, company to company -- even department to department.
Lake Grove was chosen, it is believed, because Lake Ronkonkoma and woodlands are nearby.
Gerardo Vasquez worked various jobs and most recently has been managing a store.
It has just always been an important plant.
It would commit the Court to a kind of ongoing constitutional supervision of the question.
In Banja Luka, the enclave's largest city, Ms. Albright met with President Biljana Plavsic, the nominal leader of the Bosnian Serb republic, although real authority is believed to remain with hard-line Serbs in Pale still influenced by the former Bosnian Serb leader, Radovan Karadzic, who has been indicted for war crimes.
Beloved daughter of Florence C. and the late John C. Alexion.
They will have 450 to 1,180 square feet and include hotel services.
That is what is so great about our system: you either succeed or fail on the merits.''
Although officials at Nsele deny them, there were widespread reports last month that as many as eight children were severely beaten by their keepers, and subsequently denied medical care.
Her father is a real estate agent at Dunemere Associates in East Hampton.
For adults, symptoms may include tremors, changes in vision or hearing, insomnia, weakness, difficulty with memory, headaches, irritability, shyness and nervousness.
As its president, Dr. Godwin worked closely with the states' governors, as well as legislators, civic leaders and educators, to set higher goals and to achieve them.
Fireside Lectures Clark Botanic Garden, 193 I. U. Willets Road (off Glen Cove Road), Albertson, L.I.
With due respect to some of the Australians who appeared in the 1976 engagement, Ballet Theater's overall technique elevates the entire performance.
Last year, raspberries from Guatemala were blamed for sickening 978 people with cyclospora.
''If the powers that be see that this is a front group for the long-distance industry, it doesn't make our job any easier,'' said Robert Ceisler, executive director of the Citizens Utility Board, a consumer group that he said was supported by donations from individual members.
''In 15 or 20 years, east Germany will have the most modern infrastructure and the most modern economy in Europe,'' Professor Patzelt said.
About 70 of the defendants whose convictions were dismissed admitted in later interviews with prosecutors that they were committing crimes when they were arrested.
$(Page D4.$) A Strong Quarter for Big Banks Nationsbank, First Chicago NBD and several other big banks reported higher quarterly profits, buoyed more by service charges and other fees than by lending income.
''There's a tendency of the market to react even to the little bits of news that come out,'' said Ned Riley Jr., chief investment officer at BankBoston.
Diary B3 Crossword E14 Weather C7
''Post-Industrialism,'' paintings and mixed-media works by Tim Gaydos.
Robert F. Sims said he might weave a story into his sermon, perhaps about a child, ''to connect with people's emotions.''
''We don't feel we want to mess with his progress.''
He tried to take care of everybody.
Personnel Group, based in Charlotte, N.C., operates 193 offices in 37 states and the District of Columbia.
With new medication to treat his asthma and a dairy-free diet, Shannon Briggs is feeling like a new man, and he can't wait to get in the ring with George Foreman on Saturday night to prove it.
Hotel du Casque, 14 Helmstraat; (31-43) 3214343, fax 3255155, is a 38-room hotel with an Art Deco facade on the Onze Lieve Vrouweplein.
''I run for Georgetown without hope of ever winning a track meet.
Their main objection was to patients who did not live in the vicinity being treated at the site.
Moreover, Nike's long-term market position is enviable, Mr. Poppenhagen said, and its marketing is inspired.
From the industry perspective, though, the real action was in several states where anti-tobacco lawyers hastily sought access to Liggett's records of secret meetings attended by industry lawyers, some dating from the 1950's.
Gary Hutton, a San Francisco interior designer, displayed elegant wicker club chairs for Wicker Works that owed more to European salon style than to traditional tropical shapes.
The novel's full title, ''Frankenstein, or the Modern Prometheus,'' explains why its warning still resonates in the era of cloning.
His united Germany, bringing together 18 states, grew out of the customs union, or zollverein, between German states established in 1834, just as the euro seems set to emerge from European customs union.
By the day the summit was reached, he was exhausted and was one of the last to trudge to the top, arriving about 3:40 P.M. Mr. Krakauer implies that he froze to death in the storm because he was ''wasted.''
A dagger (+) indicates that some bookstores report receiving bulk orders for a book.
''Being willing to come and work, learn the language, learn the ways.''
Justice Ross was born in Zeradov, Poland, on Nov. 28, 1920, and was brought to the United States at the age of 3.
''But things are very tied to Patrick Ewing there, and maybe he felt there might be an opportunity to win for a longer period of time with Shaquille O'Neal.
For the first time in major league baseball, teams from the American League will play teams from the National in regular-season games, beginning with four games tonight.
Use less noise than entries from the other countries.
The idea struck some as revolutionary and was once described by Gov.
Prices received a little support from the late afternoon release of the minutes of the Fed's policy-making meeting on March.
But Puff Daddy's success suggests that Hammer's problem was not his methods but his lack of ambition and connections.
Now for the Jackie Collins part.
''You have one accident, and everybody in your company gets to work at 10:30 in the morning,'' he said.
Bellwether Exploration Co., $100 million of senior notes due in 2007.
It is part Broadway show, part cartoon Potemkin village.
''This year would have been a good year for me to go close to that.
As the Democrats painted a bleak portrait of the state of New York City, Mr. Giuliani accused the candidates of engaging in ''negative and personal campaigning.''
The victims' families are suing him for money in the wrongful death trial.
But one hour later, George Steinbrenner finally ended the suspense and allowed the Yankees to disclose that Gooden will return to the major leagues and will not make a sixth rehabilitation start in the minor leagues.
''To trade a hundred million dollars in U.S. bonds that were not authorized by a branch manager sitting just a few meters away in his office requires unusually bold nerves,'' Mr. Iguchi writes.
On others were names from brighter seasons -- ''Namath'' and ''Klecko.''
I have repeatedly told them to pursue every lead, explore every avenue, interview witnesses, and ask any question that is relevant to the matters they are investigating.
At one level, there appears to be some validity in Ms. Messinger's claim that the Mayor's advertisement is somewhat misleading.
On Frankfurt's stock exchange today, Veba's shares rose 20 pfennigs, or 12 cents, to 91.70 marks, or $55.04.
Though Prudential says it may yet alter the deal, policyholders can only buy ''B'' class shares in the the seven funds now eligible for the discount.
(Left, an early study for Tomorrowland -- with monorail -- at Disneyland.)
As Ms. Wilson says, ''Maybe they thought she was upstairs.'
He said Mr. Phelan committed suicide.
What happened to St. John's from Game 1 to Game 2?
Since Saturday, Ms. Herman has shuttled between representatives of the teamsters and U.P.S., trying to give equal time to each.
Banks have also had difficulty merging mutual fund sales cultures with their risk-averse lending operations.
HE WENT TO Yale University, to major in astronomy.
Therefore, a growing number of opinion leaders, academics and diplomats here are rooting for William Weld, President Clinton's nominee for ambassador.
But it is still down 5.3 percent from its high on Jan. 22.
In addition, the core of Bloom's argument does not have very much to do with current political demarcations.
Family members and friends of Mr. Rodriguez, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said that he was not a gang member and that he had taken Cristal into his house in Ridgewood several months ago, but that their relationship had soured and he was trying to break up with her.
It is also the always thing to do.
11 10 20 MY SERGEI, by Ekaterina Gordeeva with E. M. Swift.
New York City has reaped incalculable benefit from the City University of New York, a system of public colleges that has educated hundreds of thousands of people, ushering many of them from poverty into the middle class and beyond.
Like Yeltsin, he was not yet prepared to relinquish power.
Sojourner's principal scientific instrument is an alpha proton X-ray spectrometer, designed to bombard a rock with protons and record changes in them as they return to the instrument.
Mrs. Escaravage is the granddaughter of the late Roberta Laidlaw Forbes and the late Malcolm Stevenson Forbes, the publisher.
The result is a 200-foot mural titled ''We Give Them a Name, We Give Them a Facem'' to be displayed at Marlboro High School from 2 to 4 P.M. today, which is Holocaust Remembrance Day.
''Without progress in the security field, Europe is not credible,'' said Mr. Kinkel.
To the Editor: Walter Goodman (Critic's Notebook, Aug. 20) is right to mock the critic Edmund Wilson's put-down of mystery stories, but Mr. Goodman would benefit from rereading some of the classics.
But no matter what the ratings are, Mr. Reidy said, there will be pressure to increase revenue.
''It's like building a house,'' Oakley said before the Knicks beat the Hawks, 102-97.
May they be comforted among family and friends.
Outside of politics, he's known for his 1996 launch of Open Air PM, an afternoon daily newspaper that opened and closed in six months.
But the gulf is so wide that Yasir Arafat, the Palestinian leader, has already dismissed the talks as ''just a waste of time.''
Ron McAnally, the trainer of Hello, went to see an old friend, the retired John Henry, on Tuesday at the Kentucky Horse Park.
''Another 500-point drop over the next couple of days, and you enter a different ball game.
Four days later, Mr. Huang organized the Asian Pacific American Summit, a daylong symposium in Washington to recruit and motivate new Democratic fund-raisers.
The Indians had a 6-3 lead after six innings tonight when Wright left Game 4, but they won because their bullpen was stronger, their offense kept attacking and they obviously stayed focused.
Taken with the idea of studying medicine, Mr. Simjian, after finishing high school, began to work in the photographic laboratory at the Yale University Medical School.
Helen Alvare, a lawyer for the National Conference of Catholic Bishops, said assertions that the procedure was ever medically necessary had been ''definitively and unequivocally refuted by hundreds of medical experts.''
Compounding the anxiety of executives at such studios as 20th Century Fox, Warner Brothers, Universal, Sony Pictures and Paramount is that the bulk of these films will open within a brief time span: the peak moviegoing months of the summer.
You had to get married or do something, get a relative to fill out the applications, to keep you here as a student or something like that.
But the report ultimately raised more questions than it answered.
SATURDAY It's Family Fishing Day at Hempstead Lake State Park in West Hempstead, which means that youngsters from 8 through 12 and their parents can take a fresh-water fishing clinic at 10 A.M., participate in a casting contest and even try to catch a few residents of McDonald Pond (Registration: 444-0280).
The Los Angeles Lakers are also rumored to be interested, but Douglas would be a backup there, as well.
It is bankrupt and liquidating its assets.
The result has been a move toward private management of big art museums like Detroit's.
But as technology becomes an increasingly dominant force in the economy and in people's homes, Microsoft is beginning to bump up against the Government like a toy car crashing into a living room wall.
Two pitchers dueling, lots of zeros, the Mets saving run after run with spectacular defense.
She also investigated how the human papilloma virus related to AIDS.
JONES - Robert C. Of Breezy Point, NY died peacefully at home with his family on January 10, 1997.
David Torres, a 35-year-old psychology major at Brooklyn College who lives in Ozone Park, Queens, said he had weighed taking out a loan, now that he has exhausted his state tuition assistance.
But speed of wit and speed of draftsmanship also have their place.
acted because Virginia, in a suit of its own, had sought far lighter penalties than the agency wanted.
The prosecution could not explain it either.
And farther on is Dai Fat Swallow's Nest Company, one of several such establishments selling the fragile and jarringly expensive swallows' nests used in special -- very special -- soups.
Ms. Ragolle, 50, used her position as controller of regional transactions to embezzle funds through foreign exchange and treasury transactions, Mr. Cloes said.
Their real or more in-depth awakening occurred over several months while camping on the Rogue River near Gold Beach, Oregon.
Or gently roll an uncut pomegranate on a counter top until the cracking noise inside the fruit stops, indicating that the seeds have broken.
Survived by his wife Miriam; daughters Barbara Gerber of CA, Laura Megroz of VT, Margery Chapman and Lucy Cheatham of CO; son Peter of CA; brother Robert of FL; and nine grandchildren.
To the Editor: Your lead editorial (''Delay the Vote for Speaker,'' Jan. 2) reflects more the Democratic Party line than the facts in the pending ethics matter against Speaker Newt Gingrich.
As for Bosnia, Mr. Milosevic emphasized that he supported the Dayton agreement and a single Bosnian state.
In the age of Starbucks, it is close to impossible to imagine what the Village's coffeehouses were to a generation that, for the price of an espresso, could imagine itself in the Europe that few of its members had ever seen.
''He's not going to deviate from enjoying life.''
American Airlines serves San Jose by air from Los Angeles and has no bus link from San Francisco.
''Not according to my client,'' Nomura said.
No financial details of the agreement were given, but officials said it was considerably larger than the previous agreement, which was worth $62.6 million.
Seven weeks later, the lawsuit says, she learned of her dismissal from a newsletter that covers the advertising industry.
It choose propulsion over subtlety, drawing basic, midtempo beats from old-school hip-hop and hard rock and not adding much to them: a synthesizer blip here, a police siren there.
Today, he was putting the words ''most valuable player'' and ''Patrick Ewing'' in the same sentence, and his team's post-season prospects appeared much more encouraging.
That's not a problem for the new owners -- they are happy with their little inflatable.
How else could the halcyon days of Yankee and Dodger dynasties be achieved?
In February 1993, when NBC was facing the loss of ''Cheers,'' it moved ''Seinfeld'' to 9:30 P.M. on Thursdays, after ''Cheers,'' and it became a runaway hit.
Edwin McConnell left active duty in the Air Force after the war to become a district engineer for the Johns-Manville Sales Corporation in Colorado.
Glenn not only has survived, he has flourished.
Sip the 1996 Gavi di Gavi, Villa Rosa ($20), medium bodied with a lemony, flinty character, and dive into the Villa Doria 1995 barbaresco ($27), low on tannin and high in intense jammy fruit.
The Kentucky Cup Classic, the Goodwood Breeders' Cup Handicap and the Spinster Stakes are new to the schedule.
If you're working on a floor with a parquet or herringbone pattern, you'll need a buffer.
So while states with shrinking welfare rolls now enjoy multimillion-dollar surpluses, Hawaii found itself with slightly less money this year to spend on more people.
And when asked if he had anything to do with the disappearance of Mr. Sullivan and Ms. Sylvia, Mr. Rodriguez again shook his head: ''Of course not,'' he said.
Bill Clinton has just shown himself to be a true believer in snatching from parents the local control of their children's education.
Like most aspects of New York election law, the late primary gives an added edge to incumbents.
The president of the newly formed district, Howard Herman, one of the street's most prominent diamond merchants, said the image of 47th Street as a bastion of Jewish control and tradition has become both inaccurate and harmful to business.
Merrill Lynch & Co. King County, Wash., $150 million of limited tax general obligation bonds.
Blind Andy House urges Lucius to surrender the quest: ''You ain't goin to arrive at no agreement, not if you nag folks for a hundred years.
Mr. Stringer is expected to serve as an ambassador of sorts to Wall Street, helping Tokyo with investor relations and legal matters.
And Republican leaders expect to plunge back into two of the more controversial provisions of the balanced-budget deal, even though some of those leaders have taken pains to emphasize the benefits of pragmatism over partisanship in their workings with President Clinton.
It was interesting to me when I was working with abused women that a lot of them stayed in the relationship because they were afraid of what would happen to them outside the relationship.
Asia de Cuba * [rating: one star] 237 Madison Avenue, near 37th Street, (212) 726-7755.
''This tribe has been cheated out of its land for 300 years,'' said Michael O'Connell, a Hartford lawyer who represents the Paugussetts.
The 14 rookies on the squad include 9 Jet draft picks.
But that is yesterday's news.
And what do you think Barbra Streisand is?
They generally cost a little more than a conventional mortgage but can often be paid off quickly.
The beauty of the Capstone microturbine is that it has only one moving part.
The cause was cancer, a step-daughter, Juliet McVicker, said.
No dowry, for instance, was complete without a statue of Venus for the household shrine, as three examples demonstrate.
But The Wall Street Journal says Sir Andrew still has $600 million and four homes stashed away.
She recently paid another man, who is an American citizen, $5,000 to pose as her husband to help her avoid deportation.
In a triumphant sign of his renewed strength, Mr. Milosevic elevated himself earlier this month from President of Serbia to President of Yugoslavia, which consists of Serbia and Montenegro.
With prices of components perpetually falling, ''Dell can price more aggressively at comparable margins, so they've been able to grow very rapidly by pricing underneath the traditional vendors of PC's,'' Mr. Johnes said.
This year's school budget for Yonkers, the state's fourth largest city, is about $254 million.
And Jean Kopperud did much the same on clarinet, though with a manic twist, in the darker ''Animus III'' of the same year.
''He is in excellent health and outstanding spirits,'' Mr. DeCrosta said.
''What does reducing costs mean in terms of head-count reduction, and what money-losing businesses will they divest?''
''John and I are shooting pool.''
And the critics contend that they not only flout laws that limit donations to candidates but are also the kind of campaign finance abuse that Congress is loathe to investigate.
Activated RHP Jose Santiago from the disabled list and optioned him to Wichita of the Texas League.
McCARTER THEATER Princeton Triangle Club, undergraduate spring revue.
THE World Series trophy was on display on the ground-floor level of Yankee Stadium yesterday, as was destiny's stepchild, Don Mattingly, to help raise the championship flag in Monument Park.
They moved in last July.
Joan Glennen did not want to look.
Settlement of the Fort Worth cases soon followed, after less than a week of testimony.
For Nets fans, that might seem like ages ago -- the good old days.
At a summit meeting of the Organization for African Unity he talked with a directness quite extraordinary for a U.N. leader.
I started by booking a romantically impulsive late lunch one weekday at one of Manhattan's lovelier restaurants, Aureole, on East 61st Street, which rates a maximum four lips (sublime) in ''Places to Kiss'' (and zero mention in ''Romantic New York''; go figure).
In a large saucepan, combine all the ingredients except the cheese and cilantro.
Like many longtime readers, Ms. Roberts has mixed feelings about the new library, a huge red-brick structure near St. Pancras Station.
Graveside services on Friday, 11 A.M., at Sharon Gardens Cemetery.
They don't have the cushy gigs that the public would like to believe.
But though it might have provided him a memorable moment, his game was not one to remember.
Contributions of up to $5,000 a year will be allowed (though the state has not yet decided whether to apply the limit to each beneficiary or to each person contributing to such an account), up to a maximum of $100,000.
In the United States, automobile manufacturers build bigger, more gas-guzzling cars, and harmful emissions rise and public transportation atrophies.
''It's nice to be there at the moment of birthing.
''We should take a leadership role here because we consider ourselves a catalyst in the advertising community for women and women's causes,'' Nora P. McAniff, president of Advertising Women of New York, said yesterday in a telephone interview in which she offered a preview of the awards.
Along the way, the Sillerman Companies, a consulting and advising company, collected fees for each trade.
Yet the moment exemplified how Mr. Thompson, who is expected to be reappointed today to another one-year term, has approached his job: trying, mostly out of public view, to squelch discord in favor of peace.
He seems to have found one as a marathoner.
What might have seemed like hype two years ago is the truth today.
Coffee prices jumped to a five-month high on the Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange in New York yesterday amid concern that a Colombian dock workers' strike and a disappointing Brazilian crop would reduce exports from the world's two top producers.
This is the opportunity to do that.''
So what is the lesson: that you get close to others at your peril?
Few speak ill of the God Squad, or Father Tom and Rabbi Gellman, as most people call them.
Her father retired as a trust officer at the New Britain (Conn.) Bank and Trust Company.
So success cannot be judged in months.
Mr. Jarrico was honored especially for asking that his name continue to be withheld from his work until all others on the blacklist had their credits restored as well.
After a pause, both men said the bank's greater capital cushion would allow them to take on larger risk.
But for now, the new-look Knicks are beginning to show some old-fashioned consistency, particularly at home, where they have won 19 of the last 20.
Funeral Mass on Monday at 10AM at Sacred Heart Church, Highland Falls, New York.
He declined, saying he was nervous about how he would be received, and indeed, Marshal Viktor Kulikov, the former Warsaw Pact head who at age 75 wore his military uniform with Communist-era decorations, bellowed the Soviet judgment: ''This so-called patriot, who I call a treacherous spy, who gave all our military plans to the enemy.''
KIDDIE CREDITS One of the Republicans' favorite proposals is to give parents a tax credit of $500 a child.
In Acapulco, home to a million people, cars were tossed about, some sitting on end or stacked on top of one another.
But when he has single coverage, he's got to go.''
One greatgranddaughter, Maude Hall Skillern of Rochester, New York; one brother, Sidney Stern of Mass.
Mr. Miller held a brief conference call with analysts yesterday afternoon to reassure them that the company was not paralyzed.
Thomas R. Carper, the Democratic Governor of Delaware, pointed out in his speech that Chrysler's $623 million investment to convert the factory to sport utility vehicle production was the equivalent of $1,000 for every person in the state.
The year before he took over, G.M.
Teri M. Toothman of Wheeling, W. Va., who was told in June that her two sons were losing disability benefits, said that Social Security employees made had clear that ''they didn't want us to appeal'' and that they might sue her to recover any overpayments.
It is always springtime in this elegant room.
To help finance the purchases, the company, based in Birmingham, Ala., said it planned to sell four apartment complexes worth about $55 million.
These animal activists want to pounce on us guys because we trap and control wildlife.
Stairs lead up from a foyer inside the front door to a landing.
Visitors then tread a path through a wooded area to the sounds of baying dogs meant to represent the dangerous flight between stations on the Underground Railroad.
''In my opinion,'' said Dr. Tom Gehrels of the Lunar and Planetary Laboratory of the University of Arizona, ''Gene was the greatest planetary astronomer living.''
''There's rewriting when you start to make one kind of movie and then everybody panics, or the studio panics and you wind up making another.
Donations in his memory may be made to Harvard University, Phillips Exeter Academy, & the UJA-Federation of Jewish Philanthropies.
She worked for 10 years for the city's Department of Health before she accepted a buyout package several years ago.
''You see,'' she said, her pale baby face glum, her voice tiny, ''you have to be able to look through a microscope.''
The evening was documented, Warhol-style, by a cadre of photographers, a video crew and one roving guest with a Polaroid, who in homage to the Pope of Pop snapped every famous person in sight, from Ron Silver to Dan Aykroyd to John F. Kennedy Jr. ''Tonight is obviously the night for Polaroids,'' said Peter Tunney, a gallery owner, displaying pictures of Julian Schnabel and Baby Jane Holzer.
She is a daughter of Nathalie and Richard F. Hart Jr. of Omaha.
That is a bit of an understatement coming from Mr. Bruno, the principal opponent of preserving the rent regulations.
followed by a person's name, and always the identical answer: ''They do not exist.''
While lawyers are walking away with upward of $150 million in cold, hard cash for representing customers who said they had been duped into buying policies that may have been unnecessary or overrated, millions of policyholders are being offered something far less tangible to settle class action lawsuits.
Marian Anderson said she found freedom and peace at Marianna Farm, where she had a view of a distant ridge across what is now Interstate 84.
The only way you're really going to be able to totally understand your mechanics and totally understand what it feels like when you throw the ball right or don't throw the ball right is to practice it.''
Last night, Bogar, Biggio and Bagwell were all thinking of him from Florida, where the Astros were playing.
The 97-acre Valley Stream State Park, which is partially in the village, has basketball courts, softball fields, picnic tables, bike paths and walking trails.
In considering the influence of race, the researchers again found that the women's level of self-esteem before having abortions was the strongest predictor of their well-being after an abortion.
Owner PETER O'MALLEY announced in January that his family planned to sell the team it has controlled since 1950, when it was in Brooklyn.
My heart is broken to see Dean go.
Jane Alexander, who as chairwoman of the National Endowment for the Arts has spent most of the last four years battling Congressional conservatives to save the agency, plans to resign after Congress approves the agency's new budget, friends in the arts community report.
Some of the sites -- New York's Eldridge Street Synagogue, Hartford's Charter Oak Avenue Temple -- are increasingly well known as architectural and historical landmarks and enjoying rebirth as cultural centers.
The Snowblade is built like a small shaped ski -- narrower in the middle than at either end.
''And they think it is useless to oppose the Government because you cannot change it.''
When ''Road Patrol'' first appeared two years ago, there was nothing like it on television; now the niche is getting crowded.
''In my curriculum, if you fail a course, you have to wait a full year for it to come around again,'' she said.
He needs to insure that the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's board, which he dominates, approves the development of discount options and gives transit executives freedom to experiment and fiddle with fares at the M.T.A.
Investigators said there were similarities and differences in the construction of the bombs in the three incidents.
'' Sometimes the Fitzpatricks learn something about Japanese life in America, too.
After the symbolist painter Karel Spillar had won both first and second place in the competition for the mosaic (''The Apotheosis of Prague'') above the main entrance, it seemed only fair to let him make four large paintings for the concert hall.
Cook, checking and turning occasionally, removing each clam as it opens; the total cooking time will be about 10 minutes.
The music sounded completely free, the components of the songs, the melodies, rhythms and harmonies subject to the interpretation of the group's wildly improvising imagination.
In general, more than other foundations, we focus on removing the causes of troubles in the world rather than on alleviating the results.
Hockey East The crowd at Maine's Alfond Arena is also going to be loud tomorrow night in welcoming back Shawn Walsh, the Black Bears' coach who has finished his one-year disciplinary suspension imposed by the university.
There is not an obvious No.
But as the months and then years dragged on, the commission became an oversight board, meeting twice a year, and the day-to-day work began to be done by full-time inspectors lent to the United Nations by a dozen or more nations.
The auction reveals that East liked to make psychic bids and that Algy, South, liked to play the hand.
WITH: Chevy Chase (Clark W. Griswold), Beverly D'Angelo (Ellen Griswold), Randy Quaid (Cousin Eddie), Wayne Newton (himself), Ethan Embry (Rusty Griswold), Wallace Shawn (Dealer), Marisol Nichols (Audrey Griswold), Miriam Flynn (Cousin Catherine) and Shae D'Lyn (Cousin Vickie).
The inlet was crowded now, fishermen clogging all the tight passages, a couple of jet skis whizzing across the intersecting wakes.
The Court has also looked with disapproval on laws viewed as unfairly hostile to arbitration.
He was a fluid 6-foot-5-inch guard in an era when anyone over 6-2 was put under the basket and told to stay there.
In 1935, he did the dances for the films ''She'' and ''Last Days of Pompeii.''
Mr. Lake promised to serve until the year 2000 if confirmed, if for no other reason that he would be the fifth Director of Central Intelligence since 1991.
It concluded that the vast majority of people now paying Social Security taxes would receive less in retirement benefits than they and their employer paid, while those outside it could expect to earn annual returns, after inflation, of 1.6 to 3 percent.
estimated that its approach would cost $2 billion and reduce yearly emissions by 1.6 million tons.
To the Editor: After reading David Blankenhorn's article (Op-Ed, Dec. 19), which noted the advantages for children when their parents work at home, I read your Business Day article ''Giving at the Home Office,'' which described how governments are imposing special taxes on home-based businesses.
Mr. Kennon told the police that Mrs. Wolf, who owned the store along with her husband, Jeffrey, was killed when the gun Mr. Wolf was holding went off during a struggle, said A. Peter DeMarco, an assistant Somerset County Prosecutor.
Notes: Only schools with third grades are shown; student totals for each district include only those schools.
The first 4 novels and 26 short stories came hard.
Democrats outnumber Republicans by a ratio of 2 to 1, but most voters are unaffiliated.
Beloved father of Kenneth and Joy, and adored grandfather of Anne, Catherine, Leslie, Susan, Michelle and Caryn.
But the dancers in these pieces were so intent on doing what they did that one couldn't stop watching them.
About the United Nations, its potential and an effective American role within it, Ms. Albright's views are better known.
They must get through a certain amount of curriculum.
*In Fairborn, Ohio, Erica Taylor, 13, was caught with Midol and suspended for nine days.
Palestinian police officers on the other side linked hands to prevent any Arabs from approaching.
''The Council would be able to function as Franklin Roosevelt and everyone else thought it would function, as a fearless arbiter against aggression.''
With the victory, the Blazers tied the second-longest winning streak in franchise history.
Zell Miller, Mr. Garner likes to play the bureaucratic macho man, joining his riot squads for their so-called prison sweeps.
Kind friend and teacher, wise man.... ''the full moon hangs above an empty Adirondack chair.''
She said she wants the board in place when the next fiscal year begins this July 1.
Van Exel made 10 of his career-high 28 shots and also had 6 assists, 6 rebounds and 5 steals.
Love, wine and acres of scrumptious food: Nana Djordjadze's film ''A Chef in Love'' is a voluptuous celebration of abundance set in the former Soviet republic of Georgia, mostly during the early 1920's.
Then the money issue came up again.
''If you have a problem, ask for not just the plan summary, but the complete and updated plan with all amendments,'' she added.
But people are saying, 'I want to bring back the pleasure of food into my life.'
City officials are preparing a proposal for a new housing agreement and expect to present it to the state within a month.
& P. stores is being placed on fresh produce and prepared and ready-to-take-home foods, he said.
His five consecutive 1,000-yard seasons is another franchise record.
''The ushers are 108 years old, for Pete's sake.
Diamond jewelers join fur-clad window shoppers as herds of jaywalkers cross against the light in the Garment District.
The new policy is modeled after New Jersey's so-called ''Megan's Law,'' which was enacted after 7-year-old Megan Kanka was murdered and a paroled sex offender who lived across the street was charged with the killing.
He graduated from the Stockholm School of Economics and the Royal Institute of Technology, also in Stockholm.
The top is their confidence.
But Rusedski said the British public has always supported him because, he joked, he fit right into the mold of a nation that has not produced a male champion at a Grand Slam event in 61 years.
A 3-pointer by Hughes pulled Oregon to within 59-53 with 9:22 to go, but that was as close as the Ducks would come.
Officer Renee Hauser, a spokeswoman for the Suffolk County Police, said members of the department's arson unit were investigating the cause of the fire last night.
Mrs. Garten, 25, teaches mathematics at Glen Cove (N.Y.) High School.
Modeled after the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival and expected to be one of the biggest concerts in New York City this year, it will take place on Randalls Island on June 14 and 15.
And when stocks recover, it is common for gains to be concentrated in a few days or weeks.
A heavy-hitting polymath zeroes in on Wayne, society and the exchange between them.
Named Paul Egins Director of Player Development.
The number and variety of deaths the official listed pointed to a broader and more dangerous campaign against opponents than had previously been known, and he said the death toll could well climb higher.
Mr. Rennick adds, ''It was in the preparation of manifests and passenger lists that most of the name errors probably occurred until 1924, when immigrants were required to present visas for admission.''
Studies conducted before the law was passed indicated that early discharge can increase the health risks among newborns, but the previous studies were small or flawed, the Washington researchers said.
After boasting of some contracts he had helped win, he said, ''Whatever happens, the issue before us is whether the union will move forward with the reforms that Ron Carey and so many people in this room worked so hard for.''
''Going back to Augusta,'' he said on the Golf Channel, ''will be the challenge of my life.''
One way to avoid such problems is -- quite literally -- to cut them off at the pass.
Griffey will try to do it again tonight, on the biggest stage in baseball.
Attendance will cost $45 including lunch and parking, $25 for students.
The department had previously told Texas to keep using affirmative action programs despite a Federal appeals court order banning them.
Remu Premkanol, Ms. Souwapawong's sister, said the goal is to keep the Muscoot ''as typically American and old-fashioned as possible -- if you try to be fancy or try to do luxury there, it won't work.''
Joshua M. Tare, the new president of Community School Board 1 on the Lower East Side of Manhattan, has a lot in common with the students he represents.
These links, which include the presence of least 150 Iranian intelligence operatives now in Bosnia, have bedeviled Washington's efforts to build a multi-cultural, secular state, critics of the arms deal contend.
''It's one thing to create a family tree and know that so-and-so met so-and-so and they married and had children, but it's not very exciting to anybody else,'' said Terri Triefer, curator of the Rabbi Irving and Marly Koslowe Judaic Gallery at the center.
Governor Locke expressed hope that the salmon war was only between politicians.
Reflecting on the 1994 furor, he explained that Raritan's anti-cursing provision, which was widely condemned as a clear violation of First Amendment principles, has yet to be tested in court.
Now, many people nearing retirement are selling houses in Brooklyn or in the rest of Queens and making Breezy Point their permanent residence.
But relations have grown tense between the two and their followers.
''Taking Flight: John James Audubon and the Watercolors for 'The Birds of America' ''; New-York Historical Society, 2 West 77th Street, at Central Park West; Wednesday through June 8; museum hours Wednesday to Sunday, noon to 5 P.M.; suggested donation $5 for adults and $3 for students and those 65 or over; (212) 873-0509.
He added a stopover in England today to meet with King Hussein, reportedly to discuss the Iraq crisis.
''She gave him,'' Mr. Brooks said, ''a very settled home life.''
A female cadet who quit The Citadel has told CBS News that there is an ''obsession'' with the Ku Klux Klan at the school and that she was refused food because she was not familiar with the Klan.
''Prince Street'' is put together effectively enough, but viewers may understandably wonder if they haven't seen something similar recently on ''Feds.''
She also delivered a speech at Rice University at the institute named after one of her predecessors, James A. Baker 3d (a symbol of her desire for a bipartisan foreign policy).
Every time you click, you are casting your vote for Pull.
After his release, he said, he was accused of being a member of Hamas, a charge he denied.
It exists so that the piping plover is not harmed or killed by construction activity that occurs within or adjacent to their nesting habitats, in compliance with state and Federal laws related to protection of endangered wildlife.
We are not authorized to say that.
Pollen, this April, spoils miles of fun.
Jane Smiley even slipped Mr. Silvers into her best-selling satire of academic life, ''Moo.''
In that case, there is a real danger; you can't articulate any kind of real threat in the case of drinking.''
One-bedroom units go for $47,000 to $70,000, two-bedrooms fetch about $15,000 more, according to Ms. McCarthy.
Friends of Ms. Hanover, a graduate of Stanford University and the Columbia Graduate School of Journalism who has worked in television for more than 20 years, have often said she has felt frustrated trying to maintain her own career under the large shadow of the Mayor.
RIGER-Lillian (Lila), age 88 years, on February 24, 1997.
Stewart scored on a keeper from 4 yards to give the Steelers a 28-24 lead late in the third quarter.
''We don't need another one.''
Is it an interesting business?
The fight over the Bogart patent comes as controversy grows about the use of patent laws in medicine.
In the Two River production, Melissa Caulfield, the 19-year-old daughter of Ms. Mills, is making her professional stage debut as Edith, a medium in the making, the sprinting maid who must be ordered to slow down.
The camera focuses on a team at the National Institutes for Health trying to make sure that only embryos free of the disease are transferred to Mrs. Freedman's womb.
You also suggest that the ''close coordination by the White House over the raising and spending of 'soft' -- and purportedly independent -- D.N.C.
I don't want to get into that.
By the 18th century, historians say, candy-making machines were in use.
Bethlehem Steel said it had agreed to sell its 37.57 percent equity interest in Iron-Ore to North in a transaction that would generate cash proceeds of about $145 million.
All across Europe, the Nazis confiscated artworks from prominent Jewish collectors and from dealers whose galleries were ''Aryanized,'' or taken over.
TOUR The Artist's Europe Smithsonian Study Tours is organizing two trips to Europe in September to explore regions that played major roles in the life of Pablo Picasso, in conjunction with the Picasso exhibit at the National Gallery of Art in Washington.
A pair of two-out walks and a 3-2 count to Tucker jeopardized the 0-0 score in the eighth, but Rogers got Tucker to ground out, too.
You were a wonderful friend.
In 1995, reports that mine waste had polluted local rivers caused a United States Government agency to withdraw insurance coverage for the company's Indonesian operations.
Nearly 10 percent of the city's 1,100 schools are on the state watch list.
But he nevertheless said that he would continue his court battle to force a runoff election A1 Obstacles to Citizenship Obsolete computer technology and stringent new procedures to screen out applicants with criminal records have slowed the troubled naturalization process in New York and elsewhere, and staff shortages appear to be hobbling it even further.
Rodman had eight rebounds in the first quarter and 10 at the half as the Bulls took a 49-38 lead.
On special teams, I've seen some things done exceedingly well.
in a television commercial for Tinactin in a belief that if the product does not eliminate athlete's foot, his scream will scare the fungal infection to death?
Across the road is the Saba Tourist Office, another repository of information, with brochures, maps and books.
In 1987, when opposition to General Noriega erupted into civil disobedience and street protests, Mr. Lewis urged the military strongman to resign and fled into exile in the United States after the military responded with threats against his family.
But late yesterday, Mayor Giuliani abruptly said that a new environmental review would be done, with no repairs or sewage dumping taking place at least until next winter.
I don't think you are going to have a big market for a plane that needs a noise-pollution exemption.
The cow disease has not occurred in the United States and Americans are not believed to be at risk.
PAUL O'NEILL (strained right groin) was in Friday's starting lineup, but he was removed when he felt discomfort during pre-game warmups.
''Directors want to close the deal,'' Mr. Bachelder said.
The show runs through Jan. 11 at the Art Institute, 111 South Michigan Avenue.
Some paleontologists say that by auctioning Sue, Sotheby's is helping to commercialize the dinosaur business and drive up prices.
Judge Terrill Brenner of Municipal Court was not swayed by the defendants' argument that needle exchanges help stop the spread of AIDS without promoting drug use.
But he does not necessarily relish doing 15 different programs a year, with all the attendant preparation.
They also have what Apex calls Rocker Soles, which are flared for a broad base of support and have a recessed heel to absorb sensation when the foot strikes the ground.
When that action sparked widespread rioting in Jakarta last July, the Government launched a campaign of arrests and interrogations intended to neutralize its opponents.
'' The telephone survey was conducted by Market Facts Inc. in May and June, with a national sample of women who had been to a new gynecologist or obstetrician for the first time within the previous year.
We must assist young people in pursuing their developmental work with a minimum of H.I.V.
Among the matters they were not to consider, he said, was the car accident itself, which killed 7-year-old Gavin Cato, and ''whether or not police inaction and inattention permitted the subsequent days of civil unrest to persist in Crown Heights.''
Instead, World War I provided both the final impetus and the opportunity for thousands of African-American men and women to join the great migration north in a continuing search for the freedom that had been promised half a century before.
Mr. Waltzer said he suggested Zilla as an alternative name for the restaurant.
But Luzhkov never misses a chance to lash out at Chubais, now a Deputy Prime Minister, and his new team of economic reformers, whom he refers to contemptuously as''the youth squad.''
At times this year I did not know whether I would still be in school, because without my scholarship I can't afford the tuition.''
Norman Adler, a frequent consultant to labor unions, said the fire contract would pressure the police union to reach an accord.
The Indian Prime Minister is a religious Hindu.
These guys have been motivated for the past six years by pride in their accomplishments.''
''The game of boxing isn't a bad sport,'' Holyfield said.
The board, made up mostly of state officials, would have final approval on hiring decisions and contracts, said Christopher B. Wolf, a spokesman for the State Department of Community Affairs.
On the same day, the group said, it set off a car bomb in Granada that killed Domingo Puente Marin, a hairdresser who was passing in an army vehicle on his way to work at a nearby military base.
His accompanist is the estimable pianist Graham Johnson, who conceived not only this disk but the entire French Song Edition.
In response, Mr. Barbour told the Senators, ''My understanding is that Mr. Baroody said the organizations were separate.''
He prefers T-shirts, and his mop of prematurely gray hair is often in need of a comb after he has been zipping around San Francisco in his Mercedes convertible.
Advocates of openness note with justifiable concern that Prime Minister Blair proposes a needless white paper on a freedom of information measure.
Dr. Brodin's published works include both fiction and non-fiction, most importantly volumes of literary criticism which focused on both French and American writers.
A search committee was formed, headed by Charles S. Maier, a scholar of European history, and candidates were invited to Harvard to lecture.
By evening's end, your mood may be so improved that you may want to hunt him down and pinch his cheek.
The location is supposed to be a theater on 42d Street, a thoroughfare that has never been thought of as a gateway to Eden.
In recent tests, electric versions of a Geo Metro and a Toyota RAV4 got twice as many miles as the gasoline originals, because the efficiency of an automobile engine is only about 17 percent, while a combustion turbine, the kind of electricity generator now most commonly built, can be 50 percent, meaning it extracts three times as much energy per unit of fuel.
In addition to solar panels, the company will produce complete solar electrical systems capable of powering homes, he said.
After a 17-week trial that involved more than 1,400 pieces of evidence assembled in a five-year investigation, the jury convicted Mr. Symington, who took office in 1991 and was once a rising star in national Republican circles, of filing false financial statements in an effort to shore up his crumbling real estate business in the late 1980's and early 90's.
I tried to convey all this to my friends but all they said was, ''What?''
None of the three choreographers could resist a tinge of stylized flamenco, although a flamenco company is exactly what Ballet Hispanico is not.
After opening 119 stores around the country since its founding in 1981 by three brothers -- Armand, Maurice and Paul Marciano -- Guess determined that it was ready for New York.
Some advertisements warn women about conditions like osteoporosis, which occur in postmenopausal women.
They also became caught up in the quest themselves, even adding a special clause to the standard release signed by people interviewed for a film.
He has set up shop in a former high-school gymnasium in San Francisco, filling the space with rickety big-top contraptions, including a high trapeze (30 feet up) with an ample safety net.
Is it his terrible earnestness?
''He is always political,'' said Howard Croft, 53, a Barry supporter who is himself running for a seat on the City Council in a special election in April.
''I'm bound by the decision of the grand jury to indict,'' Mr. Voet said.
But he also indicated that Henry Taub, the team's main owner, had no desire to sell right now.
To outsiders during the Nazi era, German Jews seemed very similar to German gentiles, but the Nazis, and indeed nearly all Germans, considered the Jews to be a biologically different race.
And she would probably have loved the song in Act II that begins ''You are like Elizabeth I of England.''
The guerrillas moved all the guests inside the house, ordering them back on the floor with their hands behind their heads.
There is no evidence to date that Mr. Lake improperly tried to adjust foreign or trade policies to accommodate the Clinton campaign's intense courtship of donors with business interests in Asia and other regions.
can be considered enforcement legislation under Section 5 of the 14th Amendment.
That means not only winning, but learning to deal with the personnel changes.
Even without Monday's conveyor belt-like service, a slice of pizza nearly the size of one of those trendy individual pizzettas costs $1.30, and $3.50 buys homemade soup and a chicken Parmesana hero, a sausage Parmesan hero or a potato and egg hero.
''We felt that it would be short-sighted to do Draconian things because nobody would ever forget what we did.''
To bring in the extra revenue, Gratistelefon delivers its advertisers' messages not only to the caller but also to the person being called.
Mr. Blair was chosen, and, with Mr. Brown as his right-hand man, set out to pick up the pace of reform that had been set in motion by his two predecessors.
''The approach isn't complicated,'' said Robert Esposito, chief of operations for the Times Square Business Improvement District, which has been approached recently by visitors from China, Russia, Mexico and other countries, seeking help in getting refunds for defective electronics purchases.
There was no intended threat to withhold Federal aid, he said.
''I don't think it's useful to put people in a bad light if they don't happen to follow what you think,'' Mr. Millstein said.
Despite Mr. Malick's name, the two producers could not attract sufficient financing, and the project remained in limbo until the three went to Mr. Medavoy three years ago.
Steinbrenner has been known to underestimate men of quiet dignity.
She knew it all too well.
My question is whether you are worried that the well is being poisoned even now for the realization of these goals before you can even get out of the gate, particularly on the issue of bipartisanship?
In the nearly two weeks since the Preakness Stakes, the foremost concern of the trainer David Hofmans had been protecting the injured left front hoof of his colt Touch Gold.
He completed 25 of 38 passes for 226 yards and 2 scores, but Shannon Sharpe dropped one of his passes on a 2-point conversion, Clyde Simmons blocked an extra point and the Broncos went an inexplicable 38 minutes between scores.
The shape of the ground, the view, the quality and type of tree cover, the sun, the wind all have voices that I listen to and learn from.''
The Bills made no mention of Kelly in scheduling the news conference but, anticipating strong news-media interest, announced it is being held in the cavernous fieldhouse where the team works out.
The store is closed Mondays.
Northport, based in Tuscaloosa, Ala., generated about $100 million in revenue in 1996 at its 19 nursing homes and assisted-living centers with more than 2,000 beds.
Then he dragged on a Camel Menthol, his eyes began to water, and he said that people had lied to him.
Quality of care was only a small part of that statement, and was expected to be proved largely by cost effectiveness and financial performance.
''A transfer tax is not only inequitable, it's downright evil,'' Joseph E. Mottola, chief executive officer of the Long Island Board of Realtors, said.
They returned the next week with more demonstrators, and within two months the sit-ins had spread to segregated businesses in nine states.
The film is honoring the wisdom of the Supreme Court.''
And he again attacked Carlesimo, landing a glancing blow with his fist to the coach's neck before being pulled away -- by players and assistant coaches.
I don't think about it in terms of me.
Some lawmakers are urging the Defense Secretary to cancel General Schwalier's promotion, which would have the effect of ending his career.
Encouraged and emboldened, she turned her eye to the City Council seat that Ted Weiss, who represented the Upper West Side, had vacated to join the House of Representatives.
Seymour was supposed to be the one who saw more.
The pianos in the teaching studios are tuned or at least touched up every day, starting at 7 A.M., when Mr. Tsumita's primary assistant, Steven Sokolich, 38, whose father was also a piano technician, makes his morning rounds.
Musically, Mr. Jean is omnivorous.
But, having signed a long-term deal with Newcastle, Keegan ruled himself out of the running, and Glenn Hoddle was eventually appointed coach of the national team.
The woman, swathed from head to toe in her religiously correct chador, stands giggling in her doorway as he repeats her early prediction.
More than 84 estates have been modified, for activities like schools, colleges, country clubs, nursing homes and conference retreats.
Nancy Druckman, Sotheby's specialist in American folk art, has very specific criteria.
Alan Lomax's daughter, Ms. Chairetakis, spliced tape at age 11, traveled with her father on his Southern Journey at 14 and has made her own field recordings in Greece.
Mr. Timoney, who was considered but passed over for the Commissioner's job when Mr. Bratton left, departed on bitter terms with Mr. Giuliani.
Mr. Gore's advisers accused his newfound critics of an orchestrated drive to prod him even further on their issues.
I assure you that any such information provided to the White House has been furnished properly pursuant to my national security obligations and has not impinged in any way on the interests of the criminal investigation.
Was he shielding himself from hurt?
Udinese had taken a 2-0 lead on goals by Paolo Poggi and Oliver Bierhoff.
They don't fall into the commercial category.
''We definitely have to stand up for ourselves.
Piniella stalked out of the dugout, convinced that the Orioles were merely trying to delay the game and allow more time for Fassero's arm to stiffen as he sat on the bench, and Piniella yelled from a distance at Johnson and the third base coach, Sammy Perlozzo.
Mr. Durbrow's diplomatic career spanned 38 years, most of them spent in Europe and Southeast Asia.
Derek Anderson, a senior who made an inspiring appearance Saturday night to shoot technical-foul free throws, tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee on Jan. 18.
Age 54, of New York City and Lyme, CT., of cancer on February 25, 1997.
Dr. Fodor's company is trying to develop genetically engineered pigs whose organs can be transplanted into humans.
Those clothes, designed to be worn with a foulard at the neck, were dubbed ''abacost,'' a contraction of ''a bas le costume,'' or down with the suit.
You're also talking a potential $3,000 loss to worry about.
Alexander Ritter, Albert Evans, Nilas Martins and Damian Woetzel turned, as required, before the music started, just as at the end they would face the rear after the last chord.
While these utilities have entered into joint ventures with telecommunications companies, few have gone as far as to buy a phone company.
The Knicks paused for the All-Star Game break 20 games over .500 at 34-14.
By 1942, when Larry Doby joined the Eagles as a 17-year-old out of Eastside High School in Paterson, N.J., Wells was the manager.
Occasionally a band sends someone to confiscate bootleg recordings, but record sellers say they've never met a character quite like Jules D. Zalon, the lawyer let loose on them by the Dave Matthews Band, the popular roots-rock group.
Once again, they find themselves looking for inspiration from Cone, who will get the ball tonight not because he is the most logical candidate but because he is the emotional choice.
Some rival victims groups call this a quest for ''blood money'' and charge that it could interfere with a successful criminal prosecution.
The Prime Minister's visit to Gush Etzion came the day after he announced that four of five suicide bombers who carried out attacks in Jerusalem on July 30 and Sept. 4 had been identified.
Their settings range from Nabokov's native Russia to the United States, home of literature's most famous prepubescent girl.
''People don't realize what's at risk here,'' said Dr. Richard Berkowitz, chairman of the department of obstetrics and gynecology at Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York.
St. Louis led by 9-7 at the half and by 12-7 late in the third quarter after Wilkins kicked his fourth field goal, this one from 34 yards.
There is, for example, a large panel arguing that the Mercator map projection -- the most familiar rectangular display of the globe -- minimizes Africa's size and diversity while ''the Northern continents and countries are disproportionately enlarged.''
The Mets, who came back from deficits of three and four runs to beat the Padres, moved within four and a half games of the Florida Marlins in the National League wild-card race.
''Passing Through'' was essentially one long flow of dance with trios, duets and solos embedded in it, filled with soft gestures for the arms and hands that brimmed with mysterious emotion.
In last week's announcement, the Underground warned passengers to expect congestion, delays and no station improvements.
Highrise of Homes was conceived as a 10-story structure of steel and concrete, with a central elevator and service core.
The campaign against them brought a rabbi, Robert Marx, into alliance with black home-buyers and civil rights activists.
Mr. Shea, 41, replaces Michael Culp, who left the fifth-biggest United States securities firm, a unit of the Prudential Insurance Company of America, to join Paine Webber Inc., a unit of the Paine Webber Group of New York Mr. Shea was most recently Prudential's head of institutional equity sales.
But we never got to visit the property.''
''I think of it as a ship where the director is the captain, the actors are seamen, engineers, mastmen -- all this sort of thing -- and you now try to man the ship this writer wrote in your own individual way.''
Albert Torres will conduct a program titled ''Farewell to Summer,'' consisting of classical favorites, popular works and Broadway melodies.
He added, ''In other words, everything.''
Her father was a real estate investor in New York.
While it is not soon likely to displace the soccer stadium, the dacha or Moscow's many casinos as a place to play, Virtual World (reachable at http://www.partya.ru) is already clearly a hit.
She was a familiar presence to evening congregants of both Carl Schurz, the park surrounding Gracie Mansion, and Central Park.
''I had just polished his shoes.
Like the city itself, the parkway is good-looking and dangerous.
Should she want to run for the Senate someday, the view from political professionals is that her time on the air can only help.
With a broad agreement on balancing the Federal budget in hand, the power to make it law rests largely with the four House and Senate chairmen, all Republican, who control the tax writing and appropriations committees.
The telecommunications products maker named Dan Stanzione, 51, executive vice president and chief operating officer.
He would have to be a thin thief.''
Linda never took part in fashion.
He spent his childhood under the supervision of the Michigan Children's Aid Society, going from farm family to farm family after his mother left his father, an abusive drunk.
Georgia Kalayjian, president of the Convention and Visitors Bureau, which is affiliated with the Westchester County Chamber of Commerce, said her organization spent $100,000 to market the P.G.A.
''There is a new Mexico out there,'' he said.
A major money-making project may not come to Milford after all, at least not soon.
The operation, which began within weeks after the outbreak of the rebellion, involved obtaining three combat aircraft from Yugoslavia for Mr. Mobutu's forces, along with the pilots and mechanics for them, and the services of least 80 mercenaries in early January, according to the intelligence reports.
The movies sometimes tackled issues like racism and bigotry but without the self-conscious seriousness of more noted directors.
Has he ever thought of running for office?
The show conveys this by dividing Dreyfuss's career into segments, each associated with one of the industrial giants who retained his services.
When finally framed and stacked, the logs were nailed in place with spikes, and braced with diagonal two-by-fours.
''They have to be allowed to have their day in court,'' Ms. Smyth-Godinger said.
But they should put their judgments aside.
A railroad investigator at the board, Jay Kivowitz, added, ''The environment was not there to insure that safety was their first priority.''
But the $5,000 that Mr. Volino won as a consolation prize was put to good use.
In New York City, the Democratic mayoral candidate, Ruth W. Messinger, expressed hope that stability would be quickly restored to the market and any losses regained, but warned that the city should move quickly to safeguard its investments if the market declines continued.
So I wanted to play well the first game out.
The couple graduated from Yale University and received master's degrees in public affairs from Princeton University.
Hazel Show does not share Judge Dalzell's view that the ''headlong caricature of a prosecution'' had cruelly deprived the Shows and the county of a resolution.
The revival of ''Orfeo'' was a disappointment.
''There is a camaraderie that came from that,'' Lambright said.
But four of the defendants were found guilty of weapons charges involving illegal pipe bombs and machine guns.
''With romance,'' she schooled me, ''you have to have war.
''The partner was there, if you were falling out of what you had to do, so you wouldn't fall out.
That day, Cone established himself as a modern-day Pride of the Yankees.
''Going through periods of bad news, or reputed bad news, is not something new to us.''
For those still tempted to kick in the monitor when the computer crashes, this may be a little much.
engines at a plant in Calgary, Alberta, next summer, the Justice Department said.
And he sees grave dangers in joining the euro before France and Germany have undergone reform.
The Senate has approved the Administration's proposal for voluntary national testing, but the House voted to block money for the tests.
A mentor to all who knew him.
He has borrowed his agent's cottage in Nantucket to write the script that will save his career.
Some stretches could almost be larger-than-life productions of traditional music; there's also some brute-force thumping and, unfortunately, two cloying ballads.
But if you are Malaysian these days, there is nothing uglier than an American currency trader -- the breed that Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad assailed recently as ''morons'' who triggered a 36 percent decrease in his nation's currency and shattered his dreams of building an Asian Silicon Valley.
Minuscule amounts of them circulate in blood.
As metropolitan editor, Ms. Purnick, 51, will direct the work of 120 reporters and editors.
The commission did not say in the suit how much money it believed was lost by the women, nor did it specify how much in damages it was seeking.
By the time the Ford Foundation asked him to direct its experimental TV/Radio Workshop in 1951, Mr. Saudek, then a Harvard-educated ABC vice president, had established himself as an innovative network executive specializing in high-minded radio documentaries.
And, Peter, Paul and Mary, who helped folk music take a giant step into national awareness and popularity in the 60's, will be at the Palace at 8 P.M. on Thursday (203-325-4466) .
The vote today to place it on the ballot was 16 to 0.
LETTING LOOSE THE HOUNDS: Stories, by Brady Udall.
Another Jelly Bean actor, Teresa Caldwell, said, ''We don't preach, but instead, we try to entertain and at the same time, give the kids a forum that allows them to open up.''
''Zahi Hawass has basically obstructed us,'' said John Anthony West, an American author and tour leader whose accusation is typical of the vitriol that has turned what might have been the year of the Sphinx into one of bitterness and backbiting.
He will join his father, Tim, as a member when he is inducted during ceremonies in Canton, Ohio, on Saturday.
We lived in Mexico City 30 years ago and were welcomed with open arms.
And rather than simplifying PC navigation, the critics say, Microsoft may have added so many ornaments and embellishments to its window on the world that all but the most intrepid wayfarer may get hopelessly lost.
Mr. Long did so on Friday, and his hands immediately began shaking.
After Switzerland and Sweden, two countries that have been led to re-examine their wartime roles and the real meaning of ''neutrality,'' France is being forced into a painful adjustment of its collective memory, one involving issues as basic as whether the country was truly victorious in World War II and what the role of de Gaulle was.
The experts called on tonight agree that nothing approaching the 1986 disaster at Chernobyl in Ukraine could happen at America's reactors, which are more safely built.
It's when you're indifferent that it's the worst thing.''
Tuesdays through Fridays, 2 to 4:30 P.M.; Saturdays, 10 A.M. to 4:30 P.M.; Sundays, 1 to 5 P.M. Becker Children's Wing, 761 Newman Springs Road, Lincroft.
''We really didn't deserve to win the game,'' Fraschilla said.
Mommy, by her own admission, instead helped make her dead.
Mr. Schlow's entrees are decorative enough to mask their basic simplicity, but the strength of his cooking is the way he allows pure flavor to dominate.
Since he won election in May, newspapers have buzzed with debate, pitting increasingly bold assertions of sexual equality against the scornful retorts of conservative clerics, who quote the Koran in arguing that women will forever be inferior.
But Kite does not believe he was outmaneuvered by Seve Ballesteros, the European captain who desperately wanted to win in his home country and took a far more dictatorial approach.
Bake until custard is set, about 30 minutes.
The game began with Neil O'Donnell hitting Fred Baxter on a 37-yard pass play.
The larger focus is on the Italian-American culture as it's knitted together by the food.
Morton P. Hyman, Chairman, Board of Trustees Matthew E. Fink, M.D., President Paul E. Brenner, Executive Director, Jacob Perlow Hospice WILHELM-Rowland Otto.
But they were also so fluid and packed with raw energy and a darkly elegant symmetry that viewers ignorant of pantheistic rituals could still savor the intricate play of the fantastical with the real.
The Trilon Financial Corporation, a Bronfman holding company and a unit of Brascan, has agreed to tender its 57 percent stake in the insurance company, Royal Bank said.
An 81-year-old woman who swam in the 1936 Olympics in Germany reads a poem about making love in a shower that evokes a mystical connection in her mind between sex and water.
Gone were the bathing suits, bare skin and the grainy pictures of the couple during their vacations on Mediterranean beaches.
''Were consumer interest alone sufficient, there is no end to the information that states could require manufacturers to disclose about their production methods,'' the court wrote, in overturning a Vermont law in International Dairy Foods Association v. Amestoy.
Last Friday, with assets approaching $100 million, Van Kampen closed the Growth fund to new investors.
TO critics, it's pond scum.
He outflanked tobacco-state lawmakers by insisting that tobacco growers must be compensated for any income they lose as a result of reductions in smoking.
That's the journal of the International Flying Saucer Bureau.
Before discussing the merger today, Dr. Catacosinos talked about how he and his wife, Florence, recently had an amiable tiff over the correct way to dance the macarena.
The truth lies somewhere between those extremes.
''But then, I guess I always assumed I would be by the time it came out.''
Then, along came Tyson, who sparked something in Holyfield, and the fighter seemed to be reborn.
''I always wonder where the notes are going to come from, and I still beat my head against the wall, as I'm doing now with the string quartet I've just started.
(A free pamphlet, Walking Tours of Fredericton, The Colonial Capital, is available at the visitors bureau in the City Hall, 397 Queen Street.)
While he waits in line at a gas station mini-mart, a raucous player piano cranks out ''When the red, red robin goes bob, bob, bobbin' '' over and over.
We couldn't afford a mistake in the second round.
That led to a large new listing.
Her mother is a professor emerita of library and information science at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio.
He went 4 for 18 over the whole game.
''I think the consensus is he was one of the best Speakers this century.
The chef, coat unchanged, evidence of his industry spattered unappealingly all over his whites, spent a great deal of time walking around the dining room and schmoozing with guests.
Would we be so badly in debt if we had voted on budgets?
Holmes played for Memphis State from 1982-1986.
Its problems did not arise overnight, and they will not be solved overnight.
Extended the contract of Ron Ekker, director of scouting, for three years.
Joey Gerst confirmed that view.
Tyson's attorneys parroted the disgraced heavyweight's intention to throw himself on the mercy of the commission, then made three separate motions to have the issue dropped.
Rudder problems are suspected but unproved in deadly crashes involving 737's near Pittsburgh in 1994 and Colorado Springs in 1991.
Miles Joseph scored his first goal of the season for the MetroStars (5-9).
No, Steve was just doing what Steve does best.
She is deeply troubled about persecution of Christians.
The boys were arrested anyway and charged with weapons possession and menacing, but the Manhattan District Attorney has declined to prosecute them.
Babyface shares the spotlight graciously; behind his gentleness is the confidence of someone who's sure he is doing what's right.
Deduction is no substitute for homework.
At Fort Hood, ''he always stayed sharp,'' said Staff Sgt.
There is no indication that the doctors knew of any discrepancies between deals they entered into with Columbia hospitals and what was listed in the Federal cost reports.
''They are still trying to figure out how that would work.''
Orlanda R. Brugnola performed the ceremony at the First Unitarian Church in Brooklyn.
After the flowers drop, their inflated calyxes cling to the stem like little balloons -- green if picked early or tan if picked later.
(9-6, 6-1) a game behind Fairleigh Dickinson (10-5, 6-1) in the conference standing.
But there may be rays of hope for practitioners of the dismal science.
Resembling three-dimensional Josef Albers paintings, these works extend Ms. Winsor's literalizing tendencies into a medium based on illusion.
Republicans eventually acceded to a plan by the Justice Department to have its internal watchdog unit evaluate Mr. Shapiro's actions.
The occasion was the Jesup North Pacific Expedition, named after Morris Jesup, the railroad magnate and, at the time, president of the museum.
Less drastic doses can delay orgasm.
And just because my marriage didn't succeed and I gave up a lucrative job because I felt I was no longer making a real contribution -- I might have hung on for five more years, taking painkillers, but I gave it up -- I'm out in the world.
He hit just over half the greens in regulation.
As an Executive Vice President of the firm, he planned and staged large media events for several Fortune 500 clients.
The violence began when a car driven by another Hasid struck and killed a black child.
THE PERCOLATING GROOVE of a full-throttle mambo reverberates through the walls of a studio complex in Greenwich Village, where the cast of ''The Capeman,'' the new musical by Paul Simon, is going through its paces.
(AP) MAPLE LEAFS 3, PANTHERS 3: Larry Murphy's power-play goal with 6 minutes 58 seconds remaining pulled visiting Toronto into a tie.
Your partners expect more from you, your public expects more from you.
Maybe this was just because the park was busier.
We have lost such a man with the passing of Egmont Sonderling.
A consolidation of the nascent gene-therapy industry advanced yesterday with two deals.
''They were both going very fast,'' she said.
Almost exactly 50 years ago, in the first winter of the cold war, President Harry Truman stood before a Republican Congress and called upon our country to meet its responsibilities of leadership.
Having spent much of his life consorting with European ambassadors and men of letters, Adams came across, as the Washington gossips whispered, as a haughty cosmopolitan.
These tall gray birds -- their Portuguese name, aracua, mimics their call -- start shrieking at 4 A.M., their cries so loud and insistent they seem to be coming from under your pillow.
REBOUNDS Rivalry or not, Heat Coach PAT RILEY does not understand the logic in breaking up the Bulls, if that is what Chicago management is thinking of doing in the off season.
Hong Kong's key Hang Seng index dropped 521.14 points, or about five percent, to 9,891.42, at the mid-morning break.
Grandmother of Molly Hamilton; sister of Joseph and Sheila.
And, finally, printmaking, though in short supply at the Studio Museum, musters a low-key but decisive presence at the Bronx Museum.
Dear sister of Kathleen MacDonald Tesoriero and Mary MacDonald Byrne.
''It's a few generations hence and I know you can't put them all in one pot.
Gross, who emerged from a coma on March 2, spoke a few words -- ''mostly yes and no,'' his brother Daniel said -- to his family at Bellevue Hospital Center Saturday.
It may be internal problems.
To the Editor: Christopher Lyndon praises Sheila Rauch Kennedy for her avoiding "vindictiveness" in her book on Catholic annulments (6/8/97).
Perceptions have certainly changed in just four years.
It is illegal for Federal employees to solicit money in Federal buildings.
Indeed, the race to succeed Ms. Molinari, who resigned from Congress two months ago to take a job as a television anchorwoman, has become a highly charged campaign that is reverberating far beyond the streets of the working-class district.
All these things are not quite resolved in an ambiguous, not entirely satisfying conclusion.
''For a long time, Jefferson-Pilot was a sleepy North Carolina company,'' Mr. Frinquelli said.
Ms. Lynes, he said, is coming to view the painting this week.
Marquee Group Inc., New York, 7.5 million shares.
Lightly dust each piece with the seasoned flour.
It is a big black floor-standing tower with a 300-megahertz Pentium processor, a 6.5-gigabyte hard drive, a ''56K'' modem and 48 megabytes of random access memory, not to mention a DVD-ROM drive and video capture circuitry.
The Gators broke their hearts.
At his death, Mr. Qin was a deputy chairman of the National People's Congress, China's legislature.
The two men retrieved flypaper-like panels covered with cosmic lint and dings from micrometeorites.
Humphries went out with a mild concussion and did not return.
I'' may not have anything new to say about its debonair pop fantasies of 30 years ago, but it finds in the era's music a frisky insouciance that still feels fresh.
No one agrees on the financial impact.
Such a test, of course, cannot be directly applied to fossils.
The superiority of seasonal ingredients moved sharply into focus last week when I took my turn shopping in a program called Threshold Farm Community Supported Agriculture, a cooperative of consumers and farmers, in which The Living Section has taken a share.
Moreover, the tax code is impossibly complex for many families whose income does not come entirely from wages.
The meeting led him to explore similar cases and in the process discover that he himself, a Bible-belt Protestant, had a Jewish great-grandmother and 22 relatives who disappeared during the war.
Meanwhile, she had no contact with the city's child welfare agencies.
''But do you think they listen?''
But I won't accept a shell game.''
Synergistics Industries' plastics are used in construction materials and consumer products.
In recent years, when the cable and telephone industries seemed to be converging, Comcast was courted by several major telephone companies.
Concerning his line ''I don't know how it all works, or why,'' I would suggest it's because when he travels he is so happy.
WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE -- ''Garden State,'' made from massive blocks of black granite imported from Zimbabwe, is 19 feet tall, weighs 55 tons and is the largest work ever shown at Grounds for Sculpture.
Several times, Mr. Ceppos declined to characterize his findings in any language other than that of his Sunday column, but he said the controversy ''has taught us about how many grays there are in life.''
Raccoons are well known for overturning garbage cans and flinging their contents far and wide.
*Older people who are active are less likely to develop diabetes than their sedentary peers.
Merfin, based in Vancouver, British Columbia, had said Buckeye was not offering enough for the company, which makes material used in feminine-hygiene and adult-incontinence products.
Mr. Tshisekedi first captured center stage here in 1980, when he and 12 other members of Parliament wrote a 52-page letter to Mr. Mobutu demanding democratic reforms.
American Hawaii Cruises, 1380 Port of New Orleans Place, New Orleans, La.
''At the end of last year, I didn't think it could get any worse,'' he said of the hoopla.
''Probably the most daunting thing about it,'' he added, ''is that it's Dickens.''
But life in the group apparently grew more severe and regimented at some point after that.
In his various activities, Mr. DeWindt sought to expand opportunities for black artists and technicians.
But the Administration has long had a strained relationship with the ranking Democrat on the Finance Committee, Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York, and it is unclear how closely the Democrats on the committee will work with the Administration to reshape the bill.
''It's a personal game all the way around,'' Jordan said.
Many of his films are still considered B-movies by critics, not in the upper tier of American filmmaking.
The hearty roster of familiar standards the kitchen delivers is a close runner-up.
As for Mr. Everett, Mr. Tisch said that he barely knew him, having met him only two or three times.
Executive-branch officials, some members of Congress and various academics have talked for years about using measures other than cash income to gauge poverty.
Throughout the city are 10 monuments, ranging from wall plaques to a tall bronze on a black marble base, suggesting corpses stacked like railroad ties.
A senior South Korean official said the Government had offered to share information with the United States, suggesting that it would not necessarily have direct access to Mr. Hwang.
Hours: Mondays and Fridays, 9 A.M. to 5:30 P.M.; Tuesdays through Thursdays, 9 A.M. to 8:30 P.M.; Saturdays, 9 A.M. to 3 P.M.; Sundays, 1 P.M. to 5 P.M. 641 Plainsboro Road, Plainsboro.
People here personally knew the indicted Columbia executives, and that leaves them wondering: Could the person in the adjoining office be involved?
It wasn't until the end of our visit, when we braved the heat to go to a festival in St.-Meme itself, that we saw the quarry that they must have thought we were talking about -- a large, limestone quarry dating from the 10th century, now closed and fenced off, that had supplied stone for the base of the Statue of Liberty, as well as our ferryman's house.
The assessment might reach $10,000 per unit.
The Tiananmen Square incident was not even up for discussion, and it was noticeably absent this week from President Jiang Zemin's 30,000-word assessment of the nation's political and economic situation.
The killing front would advance perhaps 100 miles in 10 years, he said, eventually resulting in a continent-wide mortality rate far above what large mammal populations can survive given their relatively slow reproduction rates and normally low death rates.
As a consequence, the agency had sometimes hired agents ''blindly, without thorough vetting and established procedures for accountability,'' Mr. Deutch said.
The Administration has not disclosed details of its upcoming proposals, which will cover the next five fiscal years.
A large, handsome show of works from the artist's foundation that makes perhaps the best case possible for Hague's particular brand of Abstract Expressionist sculpture, which involved hulking tree trunks bluntly yet tenderly carved to emphasize hidden geometries, hints of the figure and powerful formal rhythms (Smith).
Glenn looks so relaxed out there.
An elegant reception lobby aims to evoke a fine European hotel.
Jitney-Jungle, a closely held company based in Jackson, Miss., operates 105 supermarkets and 53 gasoline stations throughout Mississippi and in Tennessee, Arkansas, Alabama, Louisiana and Florida.
Even so, said Mr. Stier, the lawyer who specializes in such investigations, companies that announce the results of investigations often do so only after sanitizing the findings to present management's version of the facts.
Mr. Dine, whose father is the artist Jim Dine, got star treatment in the magazine's recent issue (its ninth), as well as a party in Mr. Halley's loft in Chelsea, which is also Index's office.
Then, in the season-opening victory over Philadelphia, Lewis tripped and fell out of bounds on a play that would have been a touchdown.
Cheryl Reddick, who drove 12 hours from Georgia with a friend to see the Titanic show, is one of those people.
He also carried high weight of 122 pounds yesterday, giving away 11 to Western Winter and 14 to Richter Scale.
Pete Kompkoff and the other villagers of Chenega know perfectly well that when the Exxon Valdez hemorrhaged oil onto their shores, it was the crew that was at fault, and not the ship.
This treaty has effectively created a buffer much larger than the West Bank.
The two-door Accord was not previously available with a V6, a feature that Honda marketers predict will lift sales.
Speedy Gonzalez, the litte Mexican mouse with the big sombrero, barely made it on screen.
Bayside Cemetery belongs to Shaare Zedek, a Conservative synagogue on the Upper West Side of Manhattan whose congregation dwindled in the 1970's and that has become unable to maintain the burial grounds, said David Pollock, associate executive director of the Jewish Community Relations Council of New York.
A LETTER came to the office recently from a man named John Covello, who introduced himself as the executive vice president of a new organization, America's Sports Voice.
A joint investigation by detectives in the 46th Precinct and the Bronx Special Victims Squad is ongoing, Officer Cillo said.
I could not imagine a time when running would not be central to my life.
Again Mr. Ickes robustly defended the fund-raising.
Bono clutched a microphone and started tapping his foot to the music.
Yet students majoring in philosophy -- the study of the principles underlying conduct, thought and knowledge -- seem passionately unconcerned.
The day's other big event was Senator Fred Thompson's announcement that his investigative committee will suspend its hearings.
When Rubbermaid tried to charge Wal-Mart more for plastic garbage cans, the nation's biggest retailer simply shifted to another, less expensive supplier.
Ms. Washington said she had saved assiduously over 10 years to be able to buy a house, often working three jobs at a time, in school, after-school tutoring, and adult classes at night.
It also made Marcia Clark a television show host.
John Spano's failure to appear in Federal court on Monday in Boston to plead guilty to charges of defrauding Fleet Bank during his failed $165 million purchase of the Islanders began a new chapter in his long-running story.
Tickets: $4 to $20; free events at Plaza de la Trinidad.
Stewart Robertson, music director of Glimmerglass Opera in Cooperstown, N.Y., will be conducting the overture to ''The Marriage of Figaro,'' the Clarinet Concerto, and ''Parto Parto'' from ''La Clemenza di Tito,'' with Beethoven's Symphony No.
In a letter to Dr. Villamena, she wrote that although her father had left no written directions for his death, ''he would clearly be opposed to any extraordinary means of life support'' and ''would wish to carry on in a natural way without mechanical intervention.''
The company said it had to budget an extra $200 million in the fourth quarter to cover unpaid bills, primarily from business customers.
The society, though, has yet to pay the Government anything for its new ventures, which have racked up a $24 million loss that, under current law, could shelter future income.
Before one pitch is thrown in practice -- let alone any anger -- the team has already made it clear that the vaunted opening day assignment belongs to Pete Harnisch, a decision Manager Bobby Valentine made public last month, the earliest any Mets manager has named the starter.
For artificial clones the variations would accumulate even faster, for they would be born years apart, into different worlds.
They've built up a tolerance, but they need to take them to be able to function because their bodies are addicted to them.
but has been asymptomatic for 11 years.
Yet this kinship -- felt in a melody that Mr. Berio beautifully assigns to solo oboe, and which Peter Gulke leaves sounding more lonely on barely accompanied violins in another realization of the movement also played in these concerts -- is perhaps no more than a case of Schubert looking forward to Mahler remembering Schubert.
She said the findings of last January were correct ''based on the information we had at the time.''
How often does El Nino come?
Yet, its roasted garlic potatoes were a plus.
Says Dimas to Hermocrates at one point, referring to Leonide: ''I think you better cure this girl-child, master.
''It's a rare and wonderful case where one piece of research fundamentally changes our whole picture of early American life,'' said Dr. Vincas Steponaitis, an archeologist at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill who is president of the Society of American Archaeology and an authority on Indian mounds.
The rate was up from 5.110 percent last week.
And if so, is there something fundamentally wrong with the street itself?
Both men said they were contemplating a court challenge of the President's veto, though they declined to say on what grounds a suit could be brought.
In Laurelton, Queens, the howling winds toppled a 60-foot tree onto a school van, killing four young girls.
The Governor and other state officials do not believe this will work.
Of course, Cafe Villa offers a full menu of Italian specialties for lunch and dinner all week long.
A copy of ''Seven'' failed repeatedly when I tried to fast-forward past a certain point but worked at normal speed.
Every team has internal problems, but only the best teams overcome them.
The wines are bar wines -- they're reasonable with dinner -- but somehow whisky, at least before dinner, seems more suitable in a restaurant whose nerve center is a bar.
His lawyer, Manuel Cobo del Rosal, said he expected that case to go to trial this fall, in a heavily political atmosphere.
He received a degree in range science forestry in 1955 and a master's degree in botany in 1957, both from Colorado State University.
''I might let your friend go,'' he replied.
The 47-year-old Councilman, a quiet, low-key former schoolteacher, first maintains that he is not quite the classic liberal he is often made out to be, but is more of an unconventional hybrid.
''And a song like that,'' she added, ''appeals to Generation X and the younger boomers, who are among the most avid computer users.''
''Amputees should have access to artificial limbs,'' said Mr. Thomas, 33, who lost both legs below the knees in an auto accident when he was 10.
The acquisition comes two months after Republic bought Alamo Rent-a-Car Inc. for $625 million.
The program is still on the drawing boards, and preliminary presentations to Peruvian officials have not received a consistently positive reception.
Until six months ago, Michael W. Schindler was an ironworker who could balance on a rail in the sky.
Many things have changed since then.
The men dodged the draft.
For the last five years, the arrest rate for illegal entry attempts in this corridor has averaged nearly 4,000 annually -- about one-fourth of all arrests on the northern border of the United States.
She also provided counseling and, using emergency money from the Neediest Cases Fund, provided food and clothing while Rosa and Sergio searched for a new place to live.
It was 9:30 at night, last lesson of the day.
Not that they are ordering their middle managers to stop being subservient -- just yet.
''We have to rely on public relations coverage,'' said Mr. Robinson.
The show includes work from three public commissions and includes busy beavers, a trial scene populated by animals and a chess set that takes class struggle as its subject (Smith).
Stories of grateful homeowners abound.
Some private environmental groups and state legislators said they were concerned about loopholes.
The lubricant clings to the wires so they can slip through insulation, narrow orifices and conduit.
Beloved sister of the late Edith Karban, the late Milton Rosenberg, the late Herbert Rosenberg and the late Joseph Rosenberg.
'' As Mr. Jackson told this anecdote, he was relaxing on a couch in a trailer on the back lot of Hollywood's Raleigh Studios, where he is being paid $5 million to star in an action thriller called ''The Negotiator'' with Kevin Spacey.
If we are going to preserve the agricultural past, let's do it right.
Every neighborhood is identifiable as Catholic or Protestant, and residents of one seldom venture into the other.
continues to exist in any meaningful sense at all is a tribute to Ms. Alexander's doggedness and her commitment to the Endowment as a functioning, grant-making institution and not merely a symbol.
Rustin was interested in the league largely because of its commitment to the racial struggles in the South.
''I'm still surprised, especially when I get guys who aren't even going anywhere,'' Pettitte said.
The change for the meet that began Sept. 4 and ends Dec. 13 is an attempt to try to maintain attendance at a time when most tracks are losing patrons, said Steven Schwartz, director of media relations for the track.
According to officials, that tribunal could either be an extension of the current one covering war crimes in the former Yugoslavia or could be created through the 1991 Paris peace accords for Cambodia.
''There have been so many strange things that have happened here over the years,'' said one of the players who was present during Switzer's outburst.
Indeed, the buzz was one thing Mr. Zuckerman may have been looking for in appointing Mr. Evans, who, in the last seven years at Random House, had made headlines for paying authors high advances and for holding star-studded literary breakfasts and high-profile book parties.
But mostly they pay claims.
I was trying to find an entry into that society that was not high culture.
From the Revolution to the Dreyfus Affair, from Dreyfus to Vichy, and from Vichy to the contemporary National Front, the place of the Jews in French society has been a recurring issue.
''He came preaching and teaching, and he left preaching and teaching,'' said the Rev.
CROSSROADS THEATER COMPANY ''Wedding Dance,'' a hip-hop comedy by Dominic A. Taylor.
The date for the fight, billed as the Rumble in the Jungle, was Sept. 25, 1974; the festival was to take place on the three days before.
The bride, 25, was until recently an information officer at the United Nations Department of Humanitarian Affairs, and is to begin the M.B.A. program at New York University in August.
One was organized by the television producer Norman Lear, and another was held at a home in Brentwood, a few television trucks away from O. J. Simpson's estate.
The company does not yet have a buyer for the remaining seven Burger King outlets in France, Ms. Grannum said.
His left wing, John LeClair, is also overpowering.
''I could very easily have changed what I said,'' Johnson said by telephone from Los Angeles, where he flew late this afternoon after a Jets morning workout.
''Bring the kids,'' it said.
(Let us not discuss the accidental fatalities from handguns).
It's about the issues that go with Brian Baird.''
This film is rated R. WITH: Eddie Murphy (Scott Roper), Michael Rapaport (Kevin McCall), Michael Wincott (Michael Korda) and Carmen Ejogo (Ronnie Tate).
Normally, it is a word for other sections of the paper, or other segments of the television news, but here it is, coming amid talk of third-game starters and three-day rests and other such trivia.
He is making his first bid for elective office as the Natural Law Party's gubernatorial candidate.
Apparently not, according to Mrs. Roukema, who is not much enjoying her recent rebellious streak.
Constant has been a major source of strained relations between Haiti and the United States.
Palestinian checkpoints on roads used by Israelis are potential flashpoints of Arab-Israeli violence, but today they were a working experiment in the new division of power in this city.
Try a delicate, flavorful manzanilla with boquerones, anchovies that taste like pickled herring.
In centuries past, a good death was celebrated in art and literature as ars moriendi, the art of dying.
It happened mainly in the 60's and 70's.
Use the Power Of Shame Few things get a politician's attention like the threat of bad publicity or the promise of good, and this Mayor (and aspiring Senator?)
When his team was in first place, Parcells was quite willing to bask in his players' success.
THE same is true of Cathay Pacific, which, for example, awards 24,202 miles to first-class passengers who fly the 16,134-mile round trip between New York and Hong Kong, and 20,168 miles to business-class passengers -- but none to economy passengers.
He also said he would compete in the Goodwill Games in the New York metropolitan area next July 19-Aug. 2.
Peter Aronson, a producer for CBS, sent an E-mail message to print journalists late last month, alerting them to the ''finder's fee.''
In the last few weeks, he has appeared in commercials promoting the use of the Metrocard and recycling, even as his campaign is paying for other ads urging his re-election.
To most Connecticut people he is, undoubtedly, the weasel of weasels, the man who sold out his country during the American Revolution, then returned to his home state as a British officer and burned New London, just down the Thames River from his native city of Norwich.
The officials said that much of the information was unverifiable, incomplete and based on secondhand accounts by people whose reliability could not be evaluated.
What are the most pressing needs at the police academy?
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 200 calories, 2 grams fat, 7 milligrams cholesterol, 210 milligrams sodium, 5 grams protein, 40 grams carbohydrate.
Beloved wife of Mark Bails, daughter of Mary Henning and sister of Brendan and Lawrence Egan.
But she faces a primary challenge from Patrick Williams Sr., 49, a vice president of the Amerifirst Mortgage Corporation in Hempstead and a newcomer to Nassau politics.
From Jay's summit on a clear day in late September, dozens of jumbled mountains seem to glow with an inner luminescence: vast blocks of brilliantly polished red and yellow foliage, set off by dark stands of firs and spruces and narrow, lighter-green grazing pastures.
The Caesar salad has a bland, mayonnaiselike dressing, but no one produces better strawberries and homemade whipped cream than the Grenville.
''It just seemed that he was trying to get elected again.''
Traveling was tough on the Rens, who often had to eat dinner in their bus because white-owned establishments would not serve them.
It offers higher profit margins than the discount brokerage business, analysts say.
Opening reception, Thursday at 5 P.M. Mondays through Saturdays, 8 A.M. to 8 P.M. City Hall, 280 Grove Street, 2nd floor.
A woman's screams for help as she was raped and slashed on a Bronx rooftop yesterday morning roused a resident, who chased her attacker for several blocks and into a subway train, where he later helped the police arrest the suspect several stops away, the police said.
But before long, she married Frank Hosford, a member of the John Deere farm machinery family, and bore four children.
The cause of death was breast cancer, family members said.
Although Mr. Cochran is establishing a beachhead in Manhattan, he has a way to go before he can call himself a New Yorker.
The chemical dating system is known as argon-argon dating because it works by measuring the ratio of two isotopes of argon.
7 39 INTO THE WILD, by Jon Krakauer.
''There's so much to the game of testing and developing sails,'' Cayard said.
''They were screaming and cursing in the hallways.
''We are so lucky to have these old walls, don't you think?''
In an article last March, I had occasion to recall how my immigrant mother expressed impatience, saying she was ''sitting on pins and noodles.''
In another study, she divided students who were starting piano lessons into two groups, those who would learn the scales in the traditional rote manner and those who would learn them ''mindfully.''
Eugene B. Feigelson, MD, Interim President
In scores of interviews outside a dozen precinct station houses, police officers in all five boroughs said the brutality case has subtly altered the way officers respond to suspicious activity and has almost instantly reversed the high morale and good public relations generated by the city's sharply declining crime rate.
The Conservatives have argued that such moves would start the dissolution of the United Kingdom.
One could argue that this mere slip of a girl is simply in way over her head, but in ''Ballad of Yachiyo,'' the tales of her loves and losses are recounted as if she were a heroine of ancient Eastern mythology.
But this is the exception, not the rule.
Since the mid-70's, Mr. Geraci has seen his work force shrink nearly two-thirds from about 260 employees to between 80 and 100 now.
I. Jane'' script were sent to the Navy.
He divides his drum kit the way older big-band arrangers divided the orchestra between reeds and horns, and he made his sound extreme.
Broil or grill the chicken, turning it once, until lightly browned and cooked through, about 10 minutes on each side.
2 2 57 SIMPLE ABUNDANCE, by Sarah Ban Breathnach.
Her father, however, wears native garb every day.
''Everyone thinks about this sweet, sad little girl.
Died on July 3 at her home in East Norwalk, CT., with her family at her bedside.
Over half of my clients' money was in Japan at one time, but no longer.
While Mr. Clinton has been busy elsewhere since the December 1994 summit meeting in Miami, where the free trade area was discussed, Brazil has been quietly playing a skillful diplomatic game, strengthening its own regional trade group, Mercosur, and building ties with the European Union and Japan as a counterweight to United States dominance.
New York, Minnesota, Oregon and North Carolina are making similar uses of their savings from declining welfare recipients.
He had long had a reputation for being ''tighter than a Pullman window'' until Pamela loosened him so thoroughly that he started contributing to Democratic campaigners.
''There is a man here who understands the sensitivities associated with restoring the public's confidence.''
The ship's one-seating, open-tables policy should have encouraged sociability, but since table reservations were accepted and many passengers were traveling in groups of four or more, those dining solo or as a twosome frequently entered a room full of already occupied or reserved tables.
''I wanted to stop that moment in time and draw it out so the audience could keep the memory.''
He noted that a group of brokers who had been with Koll in Phoenix had recently set up operations as an Insignia subsidiary that competes with an existing Oncor affiliate in the city.. ''We have a big company in Phoenix,'' he said.
''On the street,'' said Kevin Bannon, the new Rutgers head coach who brought Hurley onto his staff last month, ''it was considered something psychological, or emotional.''
In addition, according to Mr. Brown, Mr. Buch's exploration of the connections between the two fairy-tale operas and ''Flute'' will ''certainly constitute an important advance in our understanding.''
SUMMIT UNITARIAN CHURCH ''Physician Aid-in-Dying: Toward Common Ground,'' with Winthrop Drake Thies.
According to Arbitron ratings, Mr. Williams' listeners just might represent a majority, perhaps one living mostly in the affluent beach towns and mainland suburban communities that have benefited economically from Atlantic City's rebirth.
Nissan has already invested $:1.28 billion in the northeast England plant, where it makes Micra and Primera models.
Almost $6.5 million was collected on the bridge last year.
''Last year was traumatic,'' she explained.
This being October, those babbling sounds from the northern suburbs must be the Knicks going on again about all that is only semirelevant to their chances of being a title contender.
Many of the most creative, and destructive machines were made by employees of the movie special-effects industry, who used company computer power and technical know-how for their projects.
Mr. Durbrow, a longtime resident of Washington, moved to California in 1985.
He often hears how tough times are for so many people when a child shrugs his shoulders when asked what he wants for Christmas.
Because it was unclear at the time whether the incident was isolated or part of an organized effort, Mr. Fauver said he ordered inmates at all 13 prisons to be locked in their cells or housing units to prevent the possibility of further disturbances or violence.
Wake entered the game second in the nation in field-goal-percentage defense.
So it became a transcendental event when a group in Madrid organized the first known nonstop marathon reading of ''Don Quixote.''
George E. Pataki's attempt to fulfill his campaign promise to reduce Lilco's electric rates.
One of them, the veteran Buck Williams, tried unsuccessfully to keep Ewing from meandering.
''Aerosol cans are used just one time,'' he said.
Only a perfectly poised canine face peers from a long, horned enveloping disguise in ''Red Devil,'' a piece that points to our system of symbols.
It tracked down and analyzed the institutional ties of the authors, which patent citations ignore.
The securities are rated Ba2 by Moody's and BB+ by both S.& P. and Duff & Phelps.
Mr. Mendez has now doffed his own mask of anonymity.
A new, intelligent assessment of the shy, flawed man whose oracular pen framed the Declaration of Independence but who lacked eloquence in person.
In about a mile turn left onto Pine Tree.
Admitting what prosecutors called a ''massive health-insurance fraud,'' the now-retired doctor, Leon Cantor, told a judge in Federal District Court in Brooklyn yesterday that from 1987 to early last year, ''I billed various insurance companies for services I did not render.''
She escorted me and her lawyer, Betty Levinson, to a women's center in a northern suburb of New York where Nussbaum helped to lead a support group for battered women.
While Richter relies on quick movements and nimble reflexes, Brodeur often stays big in the net, letting the puck hit him, sometimes even when he has not seen it, sometimes after falling to his knees.
Most times you're in a situation where nothing matters so you always have an attitude going to the plate of why am I hitting here?
Dale Strand, the chief executive of Multihaul, said he would like to begin runs to La Guardia ''as quickly as I can legally do it.''
''That's right,'' Riley said, before proceeding on the subject by acknowledging his own worth through what others have just received.
His father is a clinical professor of plastic and reconstructive surgery at the University of Florida, and his mother, Elizabeth T. Furlow, is a board member at the Florida Museum of Natural History, both in Gainesville.
''But we have learned to be very skeptical about any governor's proposal about aid to education.''
B3 SPORTS B10-15 LIVING C1-7 ARTS C9-14 EDUCATION B7 Wealthy Turn to Public Colleges Four-year colleges and universities, long the backbone of economic opportunity for moderate-income Americans, are increasingly serving the economic elite, who as a group no longer put so high a premium on private education.
Block, who is legally blind, ran the Van Cortlandt course in 12:59, 19th fastest of the day.
Four damaged people are left behind in a Tuscan villa at the end of World War II.
We need to spend time training the chief elected officials in these communities.
City of Chicago, $110 million of sales-tax revenue bonds.
Beloved aunt, great aunt, and great-great-aunt and friend to many.
The authors also take to task the efforts of the National Association of Securities Dealers to address the controversy over punitive damages.
Failing resolution at the local level, the developer can then appeal in state court for compensation.
So far, in fact, the United States has lost only two minor cases, one involving standards for foreign-produced gasoline, the other involving imported underwear -- hardly the stuff of great international conflict.
At noon on Oct. 3, as people walked by the Body Shop at Broadway and 76th Street, heads turned.
Richard Elmore, a professor of education at Harvard, is even more dire.
On television, arraigning judges always seem to be street-smart types, endowed with inexhaustible supplies of side-of-the-mouth wisdom.
Sotheby's had its share of estate property, too.
It also contains some interesting history on the plant.
There's nothing more exciting as a pitcher than learning new things.
The Mets staggered at the start -- making a couple of mistakes on the bases -- but held a 4-1 lead after three innings.
Dear Eddie, we miss you today and everyday.
As president of the group, now known as the National Newspaper Publishers' Association, Mr. Sengstacke proved to be a master at wielding its political leverage.
''I go shopping to clear my mind,'' she said.
On Sept. 26, an Indonesian-owned Garuda Airbus A-300 crashed and exploded in northern Sumatra, killing all 234 aboard.
And some archeologists seem ready to concede that early Amazonians could stem from cultures unrelated to the Clovis hunters.
The biggest draw is the Broadway Theater Center, (414) 291-7800, home of three companies: the Skylight Opera Theater, the Milwaukee Chamber Theater and the offbeat Theater X.
I wouldn't mind writing you personal letters at my expense.
But Hingis's performance simply solidified her grip not just on the present, but also on the future.
But the 12-year-old said he planned to be a long-term investor, so he couldn't worry too much.
About culture, the city has been more ambivalent.
The files of advocacy groups are full of depressing stories about day laborers hired by suburban landscapers who are dropped off at the end of the day and paid nothing.
''It seems like the S.E.C.
And in his book, Professor Wuthnow mixes that finding with anecdotal evidence, garnered in his research, about freezes and cuts in local and national church budgets.
But he won't be more ready than I am.''
Insist you're on a fat-free diet.''
But the Democratic challenger, Lewis J. Yevoli, the Oyster Bay Supervisor, charges that over the course of Mr. Gulotta's 10 years in office, the incumbent has raised taxes.
He said he had already thought through the political ramifications of his loyalty.
''He said he won big, and he showed us the papers to prove it.
His blood pressure was a weak 90/40.
Dr. Lee M. Silver, a professor of molecular biology at Princeton University, envisioned two situations in which he said human cloning would be ''appropriate and ethically sound as well.''
Though he insists that this is a recurring injury that is not serious, he did not take batting practice and is not likely to play this weekend except as a pinch hitter.
The teen-ager in the initial fight ran, and was apparently not injured.
Arts Awards Thirteen turns out to be a lucky number for the sculptor William King, the singer Billy Joel and the playwright Wendy Wasserstein who will be singled out for Lifetime Achievement in the Arts Tuesday at Guild Hall's 13th annual Academy of the Arts Awards Dinner.
I could only have been happier with less avocado, which I don't like in sushi.
Though Mr. Bikel saw himself as an actor, and von Trapp as just another acting role -- like those in ''The African Queen'' and ''The Defiant Ones,'' (which gained him an Academy Award nomination for best supporting actor) he also loved folk songs and playing guitar.
Several calls were made to a telephone number used by Ms. Ferraro, but there was no answer, and efforts to reach her through CNN and her son were unsuccessful.
And if hypocrisy, as La Rochefoucauld tells us, is the tribute vice pays to virtue, then perhaps these movies are the tribute illiteracy pays to literacy.
Galleries: 57th Street JAKE BERTHOT, McKee Gallery, 745 Fifth Avenue, (212) 688-5951 (through Dec. 20).
The Dow Jones industrial average also ended higher, rising 24.07 points, to 8,096.29, after trending lower throughout most of the early part of the session.
A favorite variety throughout the Mediterranean is de Milan, a white button of a turnip, with a magenta collar and flesh so mild and sweet that the youngest turnips are eaten raw with olive oil, vinegar and salt.
But I also met many more adoptive parents who in a sense ''adopted'' their child's native country.
Several of those experts, interviewed for this article, say that the reason more people are not getting lead-based paint inspections is because many buyers -- indeed, many homeowners -- harbor some basic misconceptions about the issue.
He also said the newspaper is transferring him from the state capital to Cupertino, 150 miles away.
Mr. Denver had walked away uninjured from an airplane accident in 1989, when the 1931 biplane he was piloting spun around while taxiing at a northern Arizona airport.
The account of Sizzler International, with billings estimated at $6 million, has been placed in review after a decision by Sizzler and the Los Angeles office of Foote, Cone & Belding to part ways after 20 months.
Mr. Wiggins said early this month that the company would be paying promptly again, which Oxford defined as within 14 days, by May.
Fertility clinics have long been able to freeze sperm and embryos, but they had been stymied by their inability to freeze eggs.
Russia spends more than 3 percent of its gross domestic product on housing and utility subsidies, far more than it spends on its bedraggled military.
The story of how Thomas Jefferson sponsored Lewis and Clark.
In this smart, diverting and affecting (if overly contrived) study in the lives of six men in London, the biological clock, as interpreted in gay terms, never stops ticking.
''It's great that they've given so much money to film, but they really need to get the distribution sorted out.''
''That old Soviet saying is no longer true,'' said Aleksei Braginsky, the bank's spokesman. ''
Ms. Messinger is currently considered Mr. Ferrer's strongest primary opponent.
In addition to that, he was a statesman.
The coach is comfortable with his analysis.
Capa usually gets prime credit for turning the world's eyes ever more often to events off the battlefield.
Don't two generations of paranoia seem a little silly when Russian cosmonauts whip out compasses and navigate by the light of the stars, as if they were Magellan?
''So you let her die, didn't you?''
Is barbarism acceptable if it is cloaked in the all-American garb of the National Football League?
Mr. DiCarlo lost the primary and ran on the Conservative line, enabling a Democrat, Vincent J. Gentile, to win the seat.
The acts that Flavor Unit produces or manages include Naughty by Nature, SWV, Faith and Monifah.
We never talked about politics in those days, but I recall him as always doing things in moderation, always being in control.''
''It has meant a little in terms of depressing the turnout, but normally, these are moves to gain bargaining positions for the individual leaders.''
Therefore, I would spell the Yiddish word for ''needling annoyer'' noodge, not nudge.
He acknowledged that he should have had a permit.
But it seems odd that after arguing that people have no right to health care, he insists that the terminally ill should be able to hasten death with a doctor's help.
But Mr. Wessels acknowledged that while such things were never discussed, they were known about.
''For two years, our daughter Dana prayed that her aunt and uncle, Dee-James as she calls them, would have a baby,'' Ogrin said.
And they all tried to figure out why they remain in fifth place in the Eastern Conference, closer to sixth-place Pittsburgh than to fourth-place Florida.
I wonder if my city persona is still vibrant intact, buried under my country patina like a layer of original paint.
It already has interests in auto plants in Australia, China and Taiwan.
While the President has sought headlines and sound bites, the National Rifle Association, over the past eight years, has spent more than $100 million actually teaching gun safety.
The Democrats meanwhile have been gearing up to force a vote on the legislation through guerrilla tactics such as attaching campaign finance as amendments to other legislation -- a move that would have been blocked by Mr. Lott's offer.
We cannot comprehend Lincoln as both a racist and a liberator, or emancipation as both a proclamation and a process.
That's what it's all about.
Critics of the process, from both sides of the former division of Germany, have angrily complained that the trial itself violated a tenet of human rights: that people should not be punished for actions that were not illegal under laws in effect at that time.
Loving brother of Lillian Schreier.
''I know he had personal problems.''
The chances of JASON ISRINGHAUSEN being among those improved Friday night, when he threw seven strong innings for Class AAA Norfolk, allowing five hits, a walk and two runs and striking out nine.
But the outcome was never in doubt.
Ms. Juchheim, a retired art teacher, paid $158,000 two years ago for the postwar one-bedroom apartment with a dining alcove at 70-20 108th Street -- and spent $92,000 so far.
The stress of vehicular traffic on Atlantic Avenue undoubtedly played a part, officials said, but the principal cause cannot be determined until metallurgy tests are done on the pipe.
He asked about North Hampton, and I told him there isn't one.''
But I wonder why these trains are being purchased from Japan.
Her daughter was his child, too.
A number of them serve only tapas.
Victor Green can stop wondering.
Polygram is to report earnings.
By taking a large portion of the class from the early applicant pool, the statistical chances of later admission become far smaller.
''I loved working for Nike, but I did not determine when you use Spike Lee,'' he added.
'' recalled Katharine Graham of The Washington Post, one of the sponsors of the event.
UPPER EAST SIDE Were the Streets Really Paved With Gold?
She did not want to run for governor, as her husband had pushed her to do in 1993, and she did not want to raise the millions of dollars and undertake the arduous travel to run for Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan's seat in 2000.
''I'm not really worried about them,'' he said.
''Before, we only had one person, Lisbet Palme, who identified Christer Pettersson as the murderer,'' said Jan Danielsson, the chief prosecutor.
''Road Patrol,'' which attracts 20 percent of Moscow viewers for its morning program, is a daily chronicle of the capital's car accidents, holdups, drug busts and murders.
By the early 1990's, another obstacle loomed.
''That's all I want him to tell me.''
In the surreal world of David Lynch, a college student (Kyle MacLachlan) visiting his sick father in his pretty little hometown gets caught up in corruption and the torture of a singer (Isabella Rosselini) by the village sadist (Dennis Hopper).
Mr. Doss, 53, handles the business aspects, and Mr. Hoffman, 50, the marketing strategy.
Addressing us from the comfy pulpit of midlife stability (''I own much property.
''We believe he's a danger to the community, based on his job,'' Ms. Krappa said.
A mental health advocacy group working under a state grant will conduct what it says will be the first-ever survey of mental health services available on New York college campuses.
Hunger follows many of them like a shadow.
At the same time, the number of organic farms is increasing, supplying us with more and varied natural products to sell than ever before.''
But it is an exercise that allows members to stop well short of laying bare many details of their private fiscal affairs because it requires them to identify only a range of their assets (starting at $1,001 and ending at over $50 million) and of their income ($201 to over $5 million.)
The island in Baltimore now provides bird habitat and a popular bathing beach, Mr. Shugert said.
Her father is a radiologist at Sturdy Memorial Hospital in Attleboro, Mass.
and offered a ''free pair of L'Eggs, Sheer Energy, Sheer Elegance, Silken Mist, or Just My Size pantyhose just for the asking.''
Please remember what the person behind the counter is dealing with.
At the sentencing hearing of workers convicted of stealing gold, the defense lawyer argued for leniency, contending that their employer's controls over the gold were lax.
Baltimore is next, owing $3.15 million on a $63 million payroll, followed by Cleveland, $2.1 million on $60 million; Atlanta, $1.4 million on $58 million, and Florida, $350,000 on $55 million.
Ms. Brown said that through the Fortiers she had got to know Mr. McVeigh, who, during his intermittent stays in Arizona in the years preceding the bombing, regularly picked up his mail at a commercial post office in Kingman, two doors from her salon in a strip mall.
has become a useful vehicle for cutting costs in areas that are unlikely to generate public opposition.
The theme song was later released with the apt title of ''Stella by Starlight'' -- Friday at 3 P.M. on American Movie Classics.
John G. Rowland and Democratic legislative leaders reached a compromise tonight that limited Mr. Rowland's power to privatize the state's computer operations while allowing him to eliminate 5,000 positions from the state work force.
He could have worked quite consistently, but he chooses very carefully.
''Renault's closure is not against Belgium,'' the French Minister of Labor and Social Affairs, Jacques Barrot, said.
In fact, in parks in Lima, handwritten notes left at the bases of statues bear messages calling for peace, and many houses are flying the country's red-and-white flags from their rooftops in solidarity with the Government.
But prosecutors say he had continued to pay her until 1994, that the payments were substantially more than $10,000 annually, and that they were intended to buy her silence.
The country was going to be without a head of state for a day.
A Willingboro police officer who helped run a program to teach teen-agers about careers in law enforcement was arrested yesterday for sexually abusing two 13-year-old girls who took part in the program, called the Explorer Post.
He did not get it, but reported for duty.
''I thought we were starting to lose a little enthusiasm,'' MIKE MILBURY said, when asked why he called up two fighters, when his team's immediate need is scoring.
My children, they've got a mother that's a doctor, a bright loving woman, a father who's rich and takes care of them.
I certainly think that from the defense perspective it was a counterproductive instruction.''
''The New and Improved Hubble Space Telescope.''
Sweat from the stage, claiming that the bump-and-grind singer took too much time performing and that was why New Edition had to rush through their show.
The German Government regards the organization as a business, not a tax-exempt religion, the very position maintained for 25 years by the American Government.
Those details were first disclosed yesterday by The Wall Street Journal and copies of the agreement were posted on at least two Internet sites, including one operated by The Journal.
The cast of characters cuts across all social lines, from the migrant grape growers to a New York sophisticate, and touch on relationships between aging parents and baby boomers.
Starting this month, the Compaq Computer Corporation, the world's largest PC maker, is embarking on an ambitious campaign to lower its costs by overhauling the way it makes and distributes its machines.
Until now, that threshold was $250,000.
While the blue chips slumped, the Nasdaq composite index surged, reaching its fourth consecutive closing high on the strength of two of I.B.M.
Mr. Ellis also attended both parties.
A few feet along the trail are trees from battle sites of that war.
The current editor, Peter W. Kaplan, a former executive producer of Charlie Rose's talk show, took over the post in 1994.
doormen, manned elevator, windowed kitchen, balcony; maintenance $1,455, 50% tax-deductible, listed at $525,000, 22 weeks on market (Broker: Corcoran Group) UPPER WEST SIDE $449,000 225 West 83d Street (Bromley) 2-bedroom, 2-bath, 1,138-sq.-ft. condo in a 12-year-old building; 24-hr.
Even on the human rights front, where there is no question that China's record is very bad, the idea that its economy rests on prison labor is a nightmare invented at the radical edge of the human rights movement.
When Arthur Godfrey came to TV, she was in seventh heaven.
Morgan and his pupils worked out much of what is now standard genetics on the fruit fly.
''I figured our only chance was outside the state.''
Cells containing 735 of the 2,195 inmates have been locked down since the fight on Monday night.
''And you fools are going to come here and kill me, huh, and overrun this mission.
Indeed, Kimlah Hyatt, 60, a retired social services employee, said she could have had her pick of retail jobs and was thrilled to land a spot at Godiva in the Regency Square mall in Richmond.
Opening arguments in the trial, which had been scheduled to begin on Tuesday, were put off until at least Wednesday so that pending legal questions could be settled.
A day after Miss Suskin put up the posters while wearing a T-shirt with the clenched-fist symbol of Kach, she hurled a stone at a car driven by a Palestinian motorist, breaking its window, according to her indictment.
Especially noteworthy were prices paid for American cars of the 50's and 60's, with '58 to '67 Corvette roadsters selling for $30,000 to $50,000.
Richard Zeller provided an expansive baritone.
For those who haven't placed their Super Bowl bets yet, Goodyear, whose car had ''New England'' painted on its side, finished ahead of his teammate Arie Luyendyk, who had ''Green Bay'' on his car.
From the first paragraph of ''Double Fault,'' her sixth novel, Lionel Shriver shows that she aspires to the company of such authors and understands that style separates them from the also-rans.
If the well produces for 10 years, the Coppell school district would receive $249,884 in tax revenue and the city would receive $108,283, according to conservative estimates by the city's accountants.
The presidents of both boards said in interviews that they had considered nonartists but had made their selections because in spite of economic exigencies, it is still artistic vision that powers a theater.
One wouldn't publish an atlas with several blank pages, but Web sites are often put on line before they are complete.
For the year to date, estimated orders rose 22 percent, to $2.7 billion.
They have the leverage to force cable operators to take the smaller networks as well as the bigger ones.
But against visiting New Jersey tonight, they played with the precision of a playoff contender, notching a convincing 2-1 victory against the Devils.
An explosive free-brush fantasy, beautifully executed in delicate washes and strong chalk strokes, it depicts an old sarcophagus shattered by magical powers.
We have approved the procedure to follow future conversations and we have agreed to continue talks at a date to be established.''
Miami Dolphins wide receiver LAMAR THOMAS's stormy relationship with his former fiancee has again jeopardized his career.
The two are charged with conspiracy along with extortion.
The Tropical Bar and Grill sells snacks in an island motif.
Isolationist fervor was generally stronger in the Republican Party than among Democrats.
Discussing yesterday's results, Pam Stubing, a fixed-income analyst at Fitch Investors Service, said, ''I see a little lift, but there is nothing to give me pause to think they are turning it around big time.''
The bobsled run is at the Utah Winter Sports Park, about seven miles northwest of Park City at 3000 Bear Hollow Drive, where the United States Senior Luge Championship will also be contested, on Jan. 8.
There were three in that period last year and four this year.
And that means supporting fewer organizations over a number of years.
As a man trying to fill his building in the summertime, he was saying he had a different game.
In the Washington case, a local transit bus had just dropped off a 10-year-old about 3:20 P.M. on Nov. 26.
The first two-thirds or so of the 90-minute performance-art piece are filled with groaning, trembling, lurching men and women dressed in handsome black-and-white period costumes.
Beech Just Can't Win In their 15th attempt of the season, the Philadelphia Phillies last Thursday finally won a game that Matt Beech started.
''There's a lot of comment, including a good bit of hyperbole,'' about the rejection of the plan for discussing disarmament in the September talks, Mr. Mitchell said in the interview on Wednesday night.
It is only because of the steady improvements in computer power for a given price that the electronic impersonators are becoming practical.
Clients can choose from more than 13,000 vintage slides, with images from French churches to old bridges, or have their own images transferred by computer onto acetate.
Cherished grandmother of Marilyn and Evan.
Exactly 50 years after India became independent at what the new country's first Prime Minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, called ''the midnight hour'' of Aug. 14, 1947, Nehru's successors today commemorated their nation's birth.
Long Island Cares, begun in 1980 by the singer and songwriter Harry Chapin, is part of a national network of food banks called Second Harvest.
It was the seventh consecutive drop in the Nasdaq, and the second for the Dow.
Karena Bernard, the founder of Transaction, a year-old quarterly devoted to the underground music scene in New York and London, said that at first, ''it was a glorified backstage pass; then I decided to put a little information in there.''
Manager BOBBY VALENTINE called over LUIS LOPEZ and asked him to tell Ordonez and COOKIE ROJAS, the third-base coach, to put on a bunt play -- in Spanish.
Thailand has an overpowering tourism industry, and you can put yourself in the hands of highly professional guides who will assure that you will be comfortable and will spend plenty of money.
Work the compost into the soil deeply, no less than six to eight inches.
An Australian and a refugee from Nazism vie to become the world's most powerful press lord.
The bonds will be repaid through $8 million in annual payments in lieu of taxes the mall site is expected to generate, $53 million in equity from the developer and a special franchise fee on tenants who locate there.
He has never tried to hide that.
''That is nothing to be proud of,'' Mr. Abramowitz said, as the states are trying to reduce payments to Medicaid.
And the third is ''Precision for the 1990's,'' an account of modern developments in one of the world's most popular systems.
''But there are many ways, and no one right way.
It was probably not enough to convince Manager Joe Torre that Rogers deserves another start, but he at least made the unanswered question about Sunday's starter a little more tantalizing.
''Telephone 'holds' connected to loud rock music.
Day laborers, for example, have given accounts of being hired by landscapers and contractors, only to be dropped off on a street corner at the end of a long day and paid nothing.
After Mr. Trepal and his wife moved from Alturas in November 1989, more than a year after the poisonings, investigators discovered a bottle in the garage of his previous home.
But I had trouble interpreting the rebus of an upside-down umbrella -- until, that is, we cruised closer and I saw that it was an anchor, signaling that it was safe to dock here.
Several current and former CBS executives said no network had ever separated its owned-and-operated stations from the core network.
''It's far more service-intensive and requires a whole different set of attitudes.
Scott Anderson, executive vice president and chief marketing officer at HFS in Parsippany, N.J., said that the creative portion of the account, for brands like Ramada, Howard Johnson, Coldwell Banker, Century 21 and Avis, would continue to be handled by various agencies including Grey, which is responsible for the Super 8 motel chain.
An obedient Parliament ignored a series of constitutional and procedural roadblocks today and elected a new Co-Prime Minister, giving Cambodia, by various counts, one, two or three Prime Ministers.
It may seem unfair that these frugal souls end up subsidizing profligate Manhattanites, but they themselves often choose to do it directly, because many of them voluntarily send checks to their own children here.
But foreign diplomats cautioned that he would need to deliver on his words.
''Today,'' she says with a little smile, ''no one would laugh at that prophecy.''
As a musician, that reassured me.''
''It's important to note that the data on initial unemployment claims was contaminated during April to early May by the impact of auto strikes and the Midwest floods.
In Hong Kong at midday, the Hang Seng index was down 55.80 points, or 0.55 percent, at 10,048.70.
drug has been tested in enough women to assess gender effects.
''There's no question that education is the sexiest thing out there right now, and the President knows that.
Now you see the maturation of communities like Levittown and East Meadow.
The Palestinian argument is that lands purchased by Jews are thereafter claimed by Israel as its sovereign territory, and therefore that any Arab who sells land is a traitor.
And it was met with audible gasps.
In the late 1930's, he was the lighting designer and technical director for all Federal Theater projects (more than 200 productions, including ''The Cradle Will Rock'').
agents who work as scientific examiners had prepared sloppy reports, exaggerated their findings against defendants and inadequately documented their test results.
CARL LEWIS says he can't think of a better place for his final run than the University of Houston track he calls home.
That discipline allowed Brinson Partners to avoid the derivative debacle that caught a lot of pension managers in 1994, when interest rates shot up unexpectedly.
He won 11 of his first 12 starts, with no decision in the other game, and he has suffered only one loss since July 1, winning 8 of the 11 starts in that stretch.
Saddam Hussein can now be reached over the Internet.
His father is a radiologist at the Hospital for Special Surgery and a professor of radiology at Cornell University Medical College, both in New York.
Two key elements -- and, of course, not everyone will have them -- are these: * The name of the parish where your grandfather was born.
Inspector Chan said no one, not even the lion dancers who are traditionally accompanied by exploding firecrackers, will be exempt.
The part-time revolution was in some measure a response to the tenure system, which had grown cumbersome and expensive, particularly for institutions with small endowments and shrinking revenues.
Mr. Ross said the agreement detailing Israel's withdrawal from 80 percent of Hebron was ''indeed a fair and balanced approach to dealing with the concerns each side had.''
The report said that valuable research on the health effects of low-level chemical exposure had been delayed for years because of the Pentagon's insistence that it had no evidence of exposure during the gulf war.
''I built the business with trunk shows,'' the designer said.
MISMATCHES Iowa State (1-8) at No.
''Anybody would be foolish to be skeptical.''
Mercer, Camden and Cape May Counties are also up for grabs.
Today Mr. Clinton repeated Mr. Lake's assertion, blaming the Republicans and a process of ''political destruction'' for sabotaging the nomination.
A federally appointed panel formed to fight corruption at the teamsters' union accused the union's former political director today of scheming to direct illegal money to re-election campaign of the union's president, Ron Carey.
Her father is the chief operating officer of the Hickory Printing Group in Conover, N.C.
With all the efficiency here, it would be refreshing to see him run amok a bit, as he did with a daring ruffled gown of the sheerest chiffon cinched at the waist.
The impulse to blame a junior officer like Lieutenant Flinn rather than criticize senior commanders or the culture in which they operate is a venerable Pentagon tradition.
Grand Union and Piggly Wiggly supermarkets have also sold their Atlanta stores to other competitors, while Harry's Farmers Market, with five stores, hangs on, but has lost more than $23 million in four years.
(AP) Cuban Cigar Ring Broken A ring that smuggled thousands of Cuban cigars into California was broken up with the arrests of three people, the authorities said.
It also has before it cases in which he is charged with corruption.
Only about 2,000 have been able to return.
Just painting, looking for leaks and restacking so that the cylinders can be monitored better cost more than $30 million last year, and promises years of work for scores of technicians.
As a formal academic study, a philanthropy program at Yale University in the 1970's was a pioneer.
The combination of the two companies, whose brands include Red Lion and Embassy Suites, would create the sixth-largest company in terms of the number of hotels.
Two of the best are lo mein noodles with paper-thin slices of red-edged roast pork, and chicken mee fun, a cloud of rice noodles served with chicken breast and soy sauce.
There is fine ensemble work here, and the quips are tossed off with such nonchalance (and when it comes to Mr. Stoppard, ''sine qua nonchalance,'' as one character puts it) that it all seems effortless.
Many French voters felt disillusioned, and Mr. Marchais said years later that he would worry until his dying day whether he had been wrong to accept Mr. Mitterrand's invitation in the first place.
They came, and the Greeks, the Armenians and the Jews -- who became rich here and made this city so wonderful -- left for various reasons.
Oct. 14-19, ''Master Class'' by Terrence McNally, starring Faye Dunaway.
Vancouver is 8-35 this season, the worst record in the National Basketball Association.
''I think we are more sensitive to that than they are on the computer side.''
All they ask is that the voters not dismiss the show because it's about kids and a dog.
''If she hadn't found his presence acceptable, she'd have run him out of there; but ''here's a young guy who knows the area, and she's got eight mouths to feed, and he seemed to like the pups.''
GEC Alsthom Transportation Inc. will operate its business in a 600,000-square-foot plant in Hornell, about 70 miles south of Rochester.
West was now sure that South was not afraid of a spade lead, for he could have played the clubs differently.
''Most parents have never heard of the groups their kids are going to see with their friends,'' Mr. Williams said.
136, where about 30 of the 936 students are Muslim.
But its independence vanished late last month when, after a series of moves aimed at strengthening the Providence Journal Company, it was absorbed in a friendly $1.5 billion takeover by the A. H. Belo Corporation of Dallas, owner of The Dallas Morning News and a number of television stations.
In this story two sacrificial offerings are made to the goddess Fate: one is a succulent spring lamb, its body stuffed with pomegranates and almonds and its eyes set with rubies; the other is a dead black dog, its mouth stuffed with a wormy apple.
She also suffered migraine headaches.
on Monday to reassess the classified documents to see if anything had been overlooked.
Eventually, with the help of an associate, Margarete Schultz, the gallery's roster expanded to include German and other European art.
How much alcohol is lethal?
Rod Beck pitched a perfect ninth for his 30th save, keeping him tied for best in the majors with the Yankees' Mariano Rivera.
A paper on the new technique, written by Dr.
He is not surprised, he said, that ''no one has ever taken a donated embryo -- at least not from me.''
Placido Domingo gives way to Luis Lima on Thursday.
The Mavericks planned to hoist a 907 banner to the Reunion Arena rafters.
In addition, he said, all of the transactions are reviewed by independent trustees who oversee the funds.
Mr. Farmer has been charged with assault.
Kodak and Kmart recently took out full page ads in 1,300 newspapers to entice consumers to recycle old photos on Kmart's self-service Kodak machines.
But in 1989, Congress, facing a full-blown crisis in the industry, changed that rule, saddling the relatively healthy savings institutions that had used the rule with oceans of lost capital and difficulty in satisfying regulators about their financial health.
It failed to bomb the death chambers at Auschwitz even as it carried out bombings five miles away.
Even so, the firm has been sued occasionally over audits for clients other than the 43 tracked by Public Accounting Report.
Western financial experts have suggested that the schemes lasted as long as they did because initially they got large infusions of cash from Albanians running sanction-busting businesses during the war in Bosnia as well as from even more dubious sources, like drug dealers and weapon traders.
The listening experience combines live audio programs with text-based chat rooms and accompanying sites on the World Wide Web.
Middlebury, CT. Jules Rothman, a/k/a Julius Rothman, 90, of South Street, died early Monday morning at his home.
Football National Football League CHICAGO BEARS -- Signed WR Haywood Jeffires, DB Kevin Scott, G Bob Sapp, S Van Hiles, DE Shawn Swayda, L Rich Hogans, S Rickey Parker, DT Mike Mianao, and DE Marvin Thomas.
''KING DAVID,'' New Amsterdam Theater, 214 West 42d Street.
And Frisk Me Now, who won the Hutcheson at odds of 105-1 three weeks ago, ran seventh in this field of nine.
Perhaps the most successful has been Broderbund Software's Carmen Sandiego, the international thief and geography instructor who became the star of a geography game show series on the Public Broadcasting Service.
Last summer, Harvard University researchers surveyed parents of children receiving vouchers in Cleveland and reported that two-thirds were ''very satisfied'' with the program.
Sue Kelly, the Republican Congresswoman representing the 19th District covering most of northern Westchester, set off a furor among those who want to keep abortion legal when she voted to ban the procedure after campaigning as a candidate in favor of a woman's right to choose an abortion.
I like carne asada with green chili, too.
But he had been honest, sending up red flags in some team's heads by saying he wanted to go in the first round, or not at all.
Now, instead of giving in to these family values, I think Manhattan should secede.
Through the car windows one can see storefronts passing, then an intersection, then more building fronts, then another intersection, and so on.
His ultimate goal is to take a run down a black diamond trail -- an advanced slope -- by Feb. 28.
Metro: Lubyanka Starting Sept. 5, the work of Moscow artists through the ages will be shown at the Manezh Central Exhibition Hall, 1 Manezhnaya Ploshchad.
In addition to the death in West Virginia, 25 people were killed in Arkansas, most in tornadoes and violent thunderstorms.
They were not invoking 1960's radicalism but expressing their enthusiasm for returning power from Washington to state and local governments.
Judge Martin's ruling relied in part on a 1991 Supreme Court ruling that held that listings in telephone directory white pages cannot be protected by copyright and that purely factual material is not protected by copyright.
In addition, the PRI is helped in this election because many rural voters are expected to abstain or support the status quo because they don't understand what is at stake.
When the children were monitored for flu symptoms, the vaccine was found to protect them from both the A and B flu strains that were circulating last year.
Maine ARCADY MUSIC FESTIVAL Bangor, Mt.
''My students who came to Brooklyn College from Bensonhurst were hassled on the bus,'' he said.
''After the war, women were expected to be Donna Reed, to tend the house, take care of the children and have everything done for them.''
The spokesman, Fred Eckhard, said that the refugees were not only ''being attacked in an organized way'' but that they were also being subjected to the rebels' policy of denying aid workers access to them, which was tantamount to killing them.
It appears that South has four losers unless the defense is helpful, but Kaplan survived by skillful maneuvering.
Mr. Schulze said representatives for the sheik, whose sister, Moona, is a wife of King Fahd of Saudi Arabia, had rejected numerous offers from his company to settle the suit.
The company, based in Greenwich, Conn., runs food and beverage operations for locations like football stadiums, prisons and convention centers.
Her husband was a student, and later a teacher, at the New York Marxist School.
On Wednesday, the police arrested a skinhead who had stockpiled in his motel room bomb-making parts, ammunition and a Mac 90 semiautomatic assault rifle.
Because the Manhattan Transfer has refused to stick to one genre, recording everything from Brazilian sambas to jazz vocalese and rock-and-roll, some view the group as detached musical dilettantes corrupting whatever they touch.
For the rest of the film, a kind of post-traumatic mystery story, she struggles to piece together her shattered memories while suffering from disruptive mental flashbacks and coping with the conflicting demands of the various men, women and children in her lives.
Dr. Daniel Mehlman, Rabbi Herman Berger, President
Although I think Group 2 free agency is an oxymoron, somebody ought to be willing to make a move.
For instance, we recently spent a weekend at Cabo San Lucas, a luxe new resort in Baja California, and while we were there we managed to see almost every other hotel and golf course in the area.
Two members of the 1997 Yankees are expected to have new affiliations in the next couple of days.
The next year she made enough food for 200 and 500 came to eat.
's worldwide real estate director, in reshaping the Renaissance Center into its new home.
He said he had been an assayer for a long time.
''That's not my department,'' says Wernher von Braun.
With the students -- Dimitar Hajipekov, a young man from Bulgaria, and Emily Pan, 16, the concertmaster of the New York Youth Symphony -- Mr. Ravina will point out his instrument's features, and describe the development of a professional musician.
By 1982, Mr. Myers had started a small law firm and was leading a new group called the Coalition on Smoking or Health, a venture of the American Cancer Society, the American Heart Association and the American Lung Association.
But even with the decline, most analysts expect construction will proceed at a high level for months to come.
Dr. King, said David J. Garrow, one of his biographers, was utterly uninterested in financial benefit for himself and was as ''uncommercial a person as you might find.''
In Dallas, Kovalev was benched for the last two periods of the Rangers 2-2 tie with the Stars, a game that ended a challenging road trip impressively with 3 of a possible 4 points.
Shares of Astrotech were up $2.4375, to $9.9375.
Bruce Lupatkin, director of research at Hambrecht & Quist, said information technology buyers were taking a breather while they sorted out the complexities of carrying out an intranet, competing fast network technologies and new software applications.
''My sixth sense works very well for me.
Instead, it said, it was simply correcting the Appellate Division's misunderstanding of legal precedents.
BILLY BASS, a tobacco farmer in North Carolina.
The new name is Sirocco.
Shares of Talbots Inc. fell 20.5 percent yesterday after the retailer said it would lose money in the second quarter.
They are particularly angry over the wages because they believe much of the work done by the improvement districts should be performed by unionized city sanitation workers, who earn two or three times as much.
Wayne S. Fuchs, M.D., President Maria Padilla, M.D., Secretary COHEN-Nathaniel.
Because of Mr. McCain's war record -- shot down, he spent five years in North Vietnamese prisons -- other politicians shrink from attacking him in public, but a Western Republican said at dinner the other night, ''A lot of us have come to hate John McCain.''
But above that temperature, cubane becomes ''plastic,'' abruptly expanding in volume, and cubane molecules at its nodes are freed to turn around any of their axes.
And how did he feel out there, not only across from the legendary champion in the champion's milieu, but, in some sense, on the frontier?
''We voted on it, and it's a good budget.''
I was in the mood.
John Hurt is simply wonderful -- acerbic, funny and heartbreaking -- in the role of a fusty English writer who, to his astonishment, is seduced by the beauty of the new.
''Clearly, they are getting advice to let things cool off.''
''People could see us, reach out and talk to us, in Memphis, Atlanta, everywhere,'' said Black.
You never know what the Lord has in store for this team next year.''
Again, to illustrate the suppression of the individual in Israel, Mr. Ezrahi observes that ''autobiography -- as the voice of the first person singular, of the self-reflecting, self-narrating individual, not as a soldier or missionary of a particular collective -- has not flourished in Jewish or Zionist culture.''
An independent prosecutor has gained convictions in the Whitewater scandal, and while the President himself has not been implicated, there may be more indictments on the way.
The state of Massachusetts got a little less interesting today as William F. Weld, the unpredictable, wild boar-hunting, Grateful Dead-quoting Republican governor, stepped down, handing his job over to Lieut.
The defendant, James Viefhaus Jr., 28, could have been sentenced to more than 10 years for conspiracy, making a bomb threat and possession of a destructive device.
We wish to extend our sincerest sympathy to the family.
''The Corvair design is very much like a Porsche, Mercedes-Benz or a BMW,'' said Nick Pasquale, president of Resurrection Corvairs.
It's like rush hour on the reservoir.''
''These restrictive arbitration agreements were a blatant attempt to avoid the law,'' Mr. Lewis said.
The next day, the jurors turned away that desperate attempt to spare Mr. McVeigh's life.
The hearings were the first formal oversight of the tax agency conducted by the Finance Committee, which has nominal supervisory authority over the I.R.S.
Mr. Nicholson said he had initially been irritated when the editors cut a line his character delivered toward the end of the movie, when Melvin was finally connecting with Carol, the waitress, after their tortured courtship.
When thieves struck several sites in Palisades Park in the early 1990's, authorities wondered whether a burglary ring was operating inside the town's Police Department.
Without strong evidence to support those witnesses, the case could evolve simply into a matter of their word against his.
Officials rolled out a yellow super-pump train yesterday, riding up and down the tracks and sucking out 120,000 gallons of water an hour.
''What's happened now is that every scenario for the next few months in Japan is filled with bad news,'' said Edward Lincoln, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution who served as chief economic adviser to Walter F. Mondale, the American Ambassador in Tokyo until the end of 1996.
'Jack The Dripper' he was called.
But was the timetable right?
Oppenheimer & Co. Corsair Communications Inc., Palo Alto, Calif., an initial public offering of 2.25 million shares.
It becomes repetitious, too, with too much of the inconsequential ''Tzigane,'' the telling first piece Balanchine created for Farrell on her return, and too little of ''Mozartiana,'' his summarizing last piece for her and a murmured ''amen'' at the end of two exalted careers.
Even if arrests can be made without a confrontation, they could lead to retaliatory strikes against NATO forces.
She will be greatly missed.
(Hear for yourself at http://www.itl.atr.co.jp/chatr.)
The commission could not estimate how much commerce would have been affected had the standard been relaxed to 75 percent.
order in Massachusetts, Ms. Goodman said, was the first time the agency had placed the burden of environmental proof on the military, halting its activities until it could prove they were causing no harm.
His favored candidate, Carlos Facetti, came in third in the Colorado vote, with 22.5 percent of the votes cast.
The ''general'' cited, who is represented by Lakhdar Brahimi, a former Algerian Foreign Minister, is the Secretary General of the United Nations -- not Gen. Rashid Dostum, an Afghan warlord.
Larry Johnson has rediscovered his favorite move.
''We really need three years to tell if it's working,'' Mr. Dodson said of his new investment criteria.
''It would affect my business, too.''
It also delayed two oil refineries, 29 toll roads and a bridge.
The Governor's office said his car was broadsided, though most of the damage appeared to be to the front end.
The Marlins' liquidation of their World Series assets is part of what has started out as a bizarre off season.
''The blacks from the low-income areas are less likely to convict,'' Mr. McMahon said on the tape, addressing a racially mixed group of assistant district attorneys.
Scott Boras, Williams's agent, did not respond to a telephone message yesterday, but he has compared his 29-year-old client to Gary Sheffield (six years, $61 million) and Sammy Sosa (four years, $42.5 million).
The suit said Bertelsmann illegally canceled a distribution agreement in 1993, refused to pay Savage $1 million from records already sold, and destroyed about 142,000 of the Bowie records, forcing Savage into bankruptcy.
Ms. Lane has headed up the retail sector at Salomon Brothers, the brokerage firm unit of Salomon Inc., which she joined in 1989 from Morgan Stanley & Company.
Ewing had the ball slapped away by Alonzo Mourning and fell out of bounds with 13.4 seconds remaining and the Knicks ahead by 76-73.
Over time, he learned to come at a song from the other end: on ''Graceland'' and ''The Rhythm of the Saints,'' he built upward from the rhythm.
The new offer would be worth $15 a share, Transitional said.
11 8 SILENT WITNESS, by Richard North Patterson.
Equally distinguished as a teacher, this great American artist leaves us an immeasurable legacy through her many students.
The filthiest smoke and water arise in the early stages of industrialization, where most of Asia is now, and Asia's population is dense and growing rapidly.
Dr. Riche's remarks were directed not just at Congress, several of whose committees in the House and Senate have jurisdiction over the census, but in a broader sense at residents, whose cooperation the bureau will need in three years if the survey is to succeed.
In 1994, Mr. Angelo and Mr. Toskan sold 51 percent of their business to Estee Lauder Inc., which planned to expand its sales abroad, but the two men retained creative control.
Service: Varies: from vague to sharp.
Potholes, more accurately sinkholes, may not seem the likeliest depths to plumb for humor, but ''One Hole in the Road,'' W. Nikola-Lisa's spare counting tale, sets out to prove otherwise.
Saturdays and Sundays at 2 P.M.
Most are Hutu who fled to Zaire in 1994 because they feared reprisals for the massacre of 500,000 Rwandans, most Tutsi.
In his Albany address, Gov.
It is symptomatic that the year was sandwiched by two civil trials, that both of them were re-runs and that neither stirred deep emotions.
Dr. Ryan, 67, who has led public universities in Massachusetts and Indiana and served as interim president or interim chancellor in Florida, Maryland and New York, was elected SUNY's Chancellor by the trustees yesterday, presenting him with what may be the biggest challenge of his long career as an administrator.
The Democrats could go along as Thompson's popularity soared or continue to be cast as the defenders of a discredited system.
Stern disputes that notion and said the league is concerned about the physical effects of marijuana.
Reed pitched aggressively to the next hitter, Jeff Kent, before Kent popped to short center for the second out.
Markers will appear this week at the New York Information Technology Center, 55 Broad Street; the four-story 1913 J. P. Morgan building at 23 Wall Street, pockmarked by an anarchist's bomb in 1920, and at William Barthman Jewelers, 174 Broadway at Maiden Lane, founded in 1884 and distinguished by a clock embedded in the sidewalk.
A growing number of members of Congress believe that finding new, more effective and cheaper therapies through greater commitment to biomedical research will save dollars and lives.
Then there is John Greenleaf of Clinton, who suffered traumatic brain injury in an accident.
His son is starting out in an age of dual-career families and changing roles for men and women.
Mr. Sligh was former Chairman of the Sligh Furniture Co. of Grand Rapids, MI and former President of the Natioanl Association of Manufacturers.
In the fallout from the Persian Gulf war, Midwest's earnings in 1991 nearly vanished: 2 cents a share, from 46 cents in 1990.
As a result, the company is well suited to become a major marketer of power when such states as California open up their utilities to competitition beginning next year.
Second half: 9 for 15, 18 points.
Drivers and mechanics for Lakeland Bus Lines planned to be back on the job this morning, ending a four-day walkout that stranded thousands of commuters in eastern and central New Jersey, company officials said.
The younger Mr. Kim brought libel charges against six opposition lawmakers, but dropped the suit after his father's speech.
Bledsoe was average, at best, during most of that stretch.
But Mr. Padden said yesterday that several stations had already expressed interest in signing deals.
What makes her various tics and eccentricities so baffling is that they flow from her desire to do right by everyone.
He had first removed the egg's nucleus, containing its genetic material.
Some of those numbers are seemingly more conservative than other reports.
Her end was gruesome indeed, and it came at the hands of the narrator, a pedophilic psychopath whose prison pastime is writing to a 19-year-old girl -- and implicitly taunting the reader.
He gambled his last dollars to get there, saw enough to be bitten by the gold bug again and returned to Calgary.
Among the literary outlets participating are the Book Revue on New York Avenue in Huntington where Peter Maas, Jimmy Breslin, Karin Cook and Colum McKann are expected to appear at 7:30 P.M. Wednesday (271-1442), and Barnes & Noble on Old Country Road in Carle Place where Bernard Waber and Susan Isaacs will read at 7 and 8 P.M., respectively, on Thursday (747-7234).
At that moment, Adam Vinatieri was about to line up for a field-goal attempt that followed another Jaguar special-teams turnover -- Chris Hudson fumbled a punt on his 19 and Mike Bartrum recovered.
Traveling to the Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth, the Phillips Collection, Washington, and the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art.
The Ore-Ida sale, if approved by McCain's board, would transfer ownership of two large Ore-Ida french-fry plants in the Northwest, one in Burley, Idaho, and one in Ontario, Ore., on the Idaho-Oregon border.
'' Professor London, gloomy in defeat, harbors diminished expectations.
It is not clear why the ratings by The Times differ so greatly from those of the Giuliani administration.
Not all of this is clear.
As a homogeneous, small-town state -- its enrollment is about 95 percent white -- Maine has test scores that are not dragged down by schools left to rot in predominantly minority, inner-city neighborhoods.
Goldberg has known Peter for more than a year and said he had recommended that the Giants give Peter a chance.
We know we have to do this together.
''I was always suspicious of my mother's cooking.
Artifacts of New Jersey linked by a common theme.
What has come to light from the archives so far is the stuff of soap opera.
But following the rules isn't always easy.
Japanese stocks were lower today.
The Exxon Corporation's Esso unit is now the leading seller, with 1,980 stations.
The average tax break would only be $9,000 a year ($9 million divided by 1,000 taxpayers).
Mr. Hudson is in a six-week training program for truck drivers and is a part-time tree trimmer to help supplement the income of his wife, Derry, who is an assistant supervisor at a day care center.
In days gone by, some smokers used to fill their nargiles with illicit drugs.
Mr. Morris still goes every morning to his rambling office on the second floor of a bank building he bought years ago in the heart of this southern Indiana city.
At CNN, he is expected to focus on revitalizing the 8 P.M. and 10 P.M. news programs.
Last season, he also was also fined $7,500 for what the N.F.L.
The Congress has essentially taken over the executive branch.
''The companies had evidence that their product killed people.
''One day, he called me and said, 'Come on down, I've found this song for you,' '' she remembered.
(Actually, you have to subscribe to one of 5 financial newsletters at $49 to $235 a year to get in.
''He's there to help,'' Mr. Gingrich said.
Another goal, she said, is to make sure a new weekly half-hour series about religion and ethics takes permanent root nationally.
But so far, he has buried any doubts he has had over his role while a hot John Starks continues to melt down his minutes.
With the support of her aptly named lawyer, Frank Spinner, she told television and newspaper reporters her sad story of being betrayed twice, first by a duplicitous and abusive married lover and then by an Air Force that appeared overly eager to trap her.
And restrictions have been imposed in Belarus and Brazil, among other places.
Todd J. Krasnow, executive vice president at Staples, said the divestiture would be similar to a proposal that the commission's staff had previously said would address the commission's concerns.
Unlike other coupon settlements, which are typically limited to the people who bought the car with the faulty design or were taken advantage by the unfair pricing practices, these settlements are much more sweeping in nature.
Energy fell two-tenths of 1 percent, with lower prices for gasoline and heating oil offsetting a 5 percent increase for natural gas.
Said Charles Nagy, Cleveland's Game 3 starter: ''You just try and keep your hands warm, so you can get a grip on the ball.
The Sabres went ahead by 1-0 on Zhitnik's goal 3 minutes 10 seconds into the second period.
The company breeds three kinds of clams and six kinds of oysters on intertidal beds around Puget Sound.
After Olerud could not glove a Quinton McCracken seeing-eye single to open the inning, he backhanded a scorching Larry Walker liner up the first-base line and turned it into an unassisted double play.
Only Jim Bottomley, also with the Cardinals, had done that.
Why would I leave a place which is the financial focus of the world to go somewhere where I can't use my skills and experience as a marketing and advertising expert?''
Norman denied making the gesture, but he did not deny being angry.
One agent told the investigators that his sales manager would try to convince unhappy customers that the policy they had bought ''was better for them than what the policyholder thought they wanted.''
He left the Bradley Center at halftime.
''It's neat to see women be so accepted as athletes,'' Hutchinson, 47, said.
But she did not want to duck her hometown paper, The Record.
We knew what to expect.
''It's a bit like the rules of war, the enemy of my enemy is my friend.''
''For us, it has to be the people who live here that have to run things.
The solution to this problem is a partnership.''
News.com, part of C-Net, was named best on-line news service from a non-newspaper company.The New York Times on the Web, the World Wide Web service of The New York Times, won 2 of the 10 prizes awarded by Editor and Publisher magazine last week, one for best overall on-line newspaper service and one for best editorial content by an on-line newspaper service.
And so it went at the annual doll competition sponsored by the Patchogue Doll Fanciers Club of Long Island.
Charles Millard, head of the New York City Economic Development Corporation, said that while potential trade growth probably meant there would be development on ''both sides of the harbor,'' it was only right for Brooklyn to get a major role.
But people got to come out with their ideas, state their convictions.
''I just moved in a year ago,'' Mr. Neumann said, as if to explain the haphazard ambiance.
While traders could not point to any specific cause, many said the steep drop highlighted investor concerns about corporate profits and a lack of stability in Asia.
He is credited with developing the aerodynamic look of the 1983 Thunderbird and the 1986 Taurus, setting off a headlong rush by competitors into jelly-bean styling.
A Little Bit of Vin On radio, here was the incomparable Vin Scully in the 11th inning: ''Charles Nagy facing Renteria, who's all of 22.
Mr. Starr, reaffirming earlier inquiries, recently concluded that Mr. Foster's death was a suicide.
At 82 years and running, the Park Performing Arts Center's annual Passion play is the oldest in the nation.
Even so, some advocates for public health have criticized the $2 billion cap on such fines, saying that they should be unlimited.
It was an up-and-down day for Ernie Els, but when his grueling round ended, Els was still up.
Founders Celebration,'' a salute to the choreographers and dancers who helped create Dance Theater Workshop 30 years ago, when that hoary, invaluable cultural institution was simply a sliver of a loft where friends made dances.
One deaf boy, weeping silently, had lain there for hours in an immobilizing ''wrap mat'' restraint that had cut off his circulation, they said.
If they can't handle the increased traffic, it's up for grabs.''
They use macho terms like ''we punch the other team in the mouth and see if they hit back.''
Magellan was the most desired fund in America among retirement plan investors, but its very popularity was part of the problem.
On Sunday afternoon, Ms. Argerich finally had to repeat the finale of the Ravel G Major Concerto just before intermission.
But the head of the Long Island Rail Road Commuters Council, Larry H. Silverman, enlisted the lobbying aid of the Suffolk and Nassau County Executives to have the policy kept in place.
While he or his advisers try to visit the families of all applicants, they do not bring trinkets like Alexander Schwartz got from Camp Winadu.
Now, the agency is becoming more open to capital outlays if there is a good chance that the households at the end of the line will be large users of electricity.
In 1975, Mr. Tasca told a Congressional investigator that some of the hush money came from the right-wing Greek junta.
On the 11th day of the eight-month race, the 10 yachts approached the Cape Verde Islands, 350 miles off the coast of Senegal, with easterly winds of 12 to 14 knots pushing them on.
Mr. Stober, 36, is an independent investment manager in New York.
Officials said senior White House aides were consulting the State Department and the American Embassy in London.
Weighing 136 pounds and measuring 51 1/2 inches in length, the male bear on Mr. Albert's property here was typical in size for a yearling at that time of year.
After a 14-year legal battle by a California history professor, the Federal Bureau of Investigation has released a new cache of material from a 300-page dossier on the late rock star John Lennon, and has agreed to pay $204,000 to cover legal fees incurred in his efforts to open the file.
Add half of the wrappers and fry, turning until golden.
GUIDANT CORP., Indianapolis, said its board had approved a 2-for-1 stock split.
But ''Downtown Underground'' is not aggressive.
HAS the American Medical Association sold its soul by taking money for its seal of approval on thermometers and heating pads?
During the decade that followed she also exercised considerable political influence over the artist, persuading him to join the French Communist Party in October 1944.
Neuheisel's willingness to raise the issue of a ruined season revealed the extent of Colorado's psychic damage.
The family would like to express its sincerest appreciation to the doctors, nurses and others who cared for Dr. Baer during his illness.
It all begins when Marty, the used car salesman, asks, ''How'd you guys like to play a real job?''
And few students here say that the acquittal will lift the taint from the campus any time soon.
He said that the team doctor, David Altchek, told him Thursday night that surgery is inevitable.
In distinctly un-Park-Slope-like tones, the coordinators have been called ''corrupt'' and the three board members ''fascists.''
It was not clear from the charred wreckage which vehicle was at fault, but it appeared that the car struck the right rear of the tanker.
We want to double our grass-roots infrastructure.''
But that cooperation may prove difficult to gain, particularly given the economic restraints of poor countries, and it may depend on some sign that richer nations are meeting their own commitments to reduce emissions.
From this time last year, Tyco's shares are up nearly 54 percent.
''We have to really think about this.''
That law bars United States and other countries' investments of more than $40 million in Iran's energy resources, but does not address a pipeline carrying another country's gas or oil through Iran, according to The Post account.
With its sheets flying out to the room's corners, the bed's cocoon-like safety is violated, exposing it as a place of disturbance and disorientation.
But just when the Tigers seemed about to run away with the game, Drexel fought back.
By John Gribbin and Mary Gribbin.
The Xerox Corporation and its Japanese sister company, Fuji Xerox, are betting that he is right.
''If I had a larger choice, I would definitely stop going to the store,'' said Patricia, from Maryland.
If he were reinstated, I cannot imagine anybody other than Marge Schott -- herself on the restricted list for gross public comments -- wanting to hire him.
These hearing aids are also less susceptible to interference and distortion.
David Bogen, who established the Boghen Pharmacy, moved into the corner building about 1928; a mixup in licensing caused them to adopt a variant spelling of the name.
The only entertainment came in Mr. Gordon's interview with -- or rather rapidly interrupted introduction of -- the Canadian composer Paul Dolden, who presented himself as a monster of egoism.
''They never go beyond what they do all year-round, without any full page ads, without any extreme measures taken.''
The two men, who still wield a great deal of power, are heavily protected, and many NATO commanders fear that attempts to arrest them would result in violent reprisals.
''Prison destroys not just the defendant but his family.''
They were themselves and nobody else.
The atmosphere quickens, as much as anything in Goa ever does, a little farther south, at Baga, Calangute, Candolim and Sinquerim, consecutive beaches that stretch about three miles from Anjuna's south end.
The last phrase ran like a leitmotif through his conversation, expressing not just his private yearnings but those of many of his design-world colleagues, who seem eager to break out of fashion's hermetic, perfectionist shell and soak up some echt experience.
''I'm very motivated and this is as serious as I've ever been,'' said Camacho, who admits that there were many years when he liked to party more than he liked to train.
New members may just sit and listen for several weeks, learning better ways of dealing with life from the examples given by other participants.
In fact, those qualities are sorely needed by the team.
''They were just in the baseball business.
George died of a brain tumor in 1937.
Seven live babies have never before been born to an American couple.
He's better today than he was back then.
If there is no Arab/Palestinian coalition to ratify such a compromise deal, there's no sense going to Camp David.
The combined company, which will be called McLeodUSA, will compete with the Ameritech Corporation and U S West Inc. in markets including Chicago and St. Louis.
Dr. Smith declined to be interviewed.
A Choreographer/Creator Award went to Angelin Preljocaj, the French choreographer, for ''Annonciation,'' which his Ballet Preljocaj danced at the Joyce Theater in April.
The central question for the audio experts who will analyze today's recording is whether they can separate all the sounds.
We force countries to open their markets to American agricultural exports.
For the first time, the independents and chains represent less than 50 percent of book sales.''
This 12-year-old veteran predates the influx of sophisticated Tuscan and sleek American places with their drop-dead good looks.
The suspect, Geoffrey Ferguson, 47, of Powells Point, N.C., has been awaiting trial for more than two years in the 1995 killings in Redding.
Rg8 29 Rhg1 R8g7 30 hg Kg8 31 Qh8 wins the queen.
In trials, Melacine has showed survival times equivalent to those seen with an aggressive regimen of four chemotherapy drugs -- but without the debilitating side effects.
Critics attacked the board for voting on the rules without a chance for public review, and board members said they were open to amending the procedure.
Dr. Jordan has been responsible for the catalogue entries in this show, which incorporate many a new insight.
He restored credibility with a passion that supporters call a zealot's zeal, and that critics describe as narrowly focused arrogance.
Within six hours, probably 2,000 men will hit this site to defend the Republic.''
''He has firsthand knowledge of the criminal justice system.''
Loving grandmother of Jessica Stern and Sarah Fishman, great-grandmother of Elly and Adam Fishman.
I went to Dr. Kenneth Rothaus, a plastic surgeon on East 72d Street, who uses the ruby laser.
''I knew that the violence had to be excessive to be absurd, and the more excessive we were, the more we'd get away with,'' said Mr. Cusack, citing as a model the ''absurdist opera of mayhem'' in John Woo's Chinese gangster film ''The Killer.''
If the Bulls were hurting on the floor, they may have been hurting worse off it.
Mr. Pastore said today that he had realized that his ''personal tragedy'' was likely to interfere with his ability to lead the force.
He was buff, willing and fearless, and he had a few essential dance moves.
The picture is also stunning in black and white, with a unified beauty in the turn-of-the-century costumes, the sets, even the period furnishings - all credited to the designer William Cameron Menzies.
Jeff Conine further exploited the new infield by pushing a bunt between Mecir and O'Neill for a single to fill the bases.
France said today that the results of the elections showed that ''Algerians want peace and a political solution to the crisis.''
At one point, a fire truck from another company pulled up to deliver food to the firefighters.
''Everybody was loose, like we always are.
It was this group that inspired Fred Allen, speaking of New York lunches, to observe that in Dr. Johnson's day big men sat around enjoying small talk, whereas nowadays small men sit around enjoying big talk.
''It is more aesthetic,'' Wenceslao Cota Montoya, the Mayor of the Mexican city of Nogales, said.
''We had a whole summer of Jeannie in pale blue, Jeannie in green, Jeannie in pink.
TINO MARTINEZ tried hitting the ball to the opposite field in three of four at-bats, but he was still without a hit and is 2 for his last 31. .
And right now that lever is working for Mr. Netanyahu and not against him.
The poll was conducted between April 1 and 6, with a margin of sampling error of 3.3 percentage points.
But the windows do not depict what followed: the decades of dwindling attendance that left St. Paul's on the verge of closing or the surprising infusion that has filled its pews once again.
So I was visiting a businessman in downtown Jakarta the other day and I asked him for directions to my next appointment.
Costume Institute Gala DEC. 8 -- The Metropolitan Museum of Art's annual Costume Institute benefit will celebrate the opening of the institute's Gianni Versace retrospective, which will be open to the public from Dec. 11 through Mar.
''It can be done in 15 minutes more than the laparoscopy.''
''There will be a lot of passing around of offices.''
Today, Mr. Feingold, a resident of Pound Ridge, like many in the environmental field, believes things are better than what they were back then, but he also feels that more must be done.
An armored-car guard exchanging gunfire with two bandits at a crowded shopping mall in 1995 accidentally killed a 14-year-year-old bystander, according to charges filed yesterday against a suspect in the case.
Add garlic, and cook over medium heat for 1 minute.
The weeks leading up to Passover mean a bonanza for Yehuda Rosenbaum, who owns the Kingston Auction Mart, a housewares and hardware store on Kingston Avenue in the heart of the Crown Heights shopping district.
Ms. Tucker replied that her terminally ill clients -- all of whom died early in the litigation -- wanted ''a peaceful, humane, dignified death'' through medication for which a doctor is the ''gatekeeper.''
''Do we sacrifice gardens to build housing?''
Treasury prices recovered yesterday from Friday's sharp fall, bolstered by a strong dollar and by thin trading.
''They could be crucial to our children and grandchildren, but they don't matter a lot to most of the voters of today.''
With the possible exception of Rodney McCray when he played for Mount Vernon High School in the 1970's, Brand is the best big man to come out of Westchester County.
Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing was the best-performing Dow stock, up 87.5 cents, to $87.875.
Matthew Monahan, a young Californian in his first New York solo show, draws towering linear figures on paper that suggest both anatomical diagrams and suits of armor.
Our recommended retail price is $40 and the kit is widely available.
The plotting reaches a peak of ingenuity at the opening-night performance, where Helena's and Alice's love lives become indistinguishable.
His career earned run average was 3.35.
He earmarks his money for Israel to ultra-Orthodox yeshivas and ultra-hard-line politicians to build their vision of Israel -- a vision that in my view will only increase Jewish tensions and Arab-Jewish ones.
This summer, city officials decided to extend the agency contracts only through December, while they test new ways to get jobs for welfare recipients.
One of the three guerrillas was later arrested.
He is survived by three daughters -- Judith Hausman of Bedford, N.Y., Dr. Alice Hausman-Belin of Merion, Pa., and Laura H. Hadane of Lynnfield, Mass.
Suspended Philadelphia LW Andre Payette for three games for abusing an official in a Sept. 27 preseason game.
He is especially concerned about rejecting what might be called the cynical view of the consultant's work.
This is a mayday call for any nation in the world.''
He has something Jews need, he says, and he thinks that many of them will be receptive to his argument, not only because of what he calls ''Old Testament proof'' that Jesus is the promised Jewish Messiah, but also because Jews will only feel spiritually fulfilled once they enter a relationship with Jesus.
The roster of sailors at the Bermuda Gold Cup is still likely to reflect residual hard feelings among the crews.
Miss McVeigh planned to leave on April 8, 1995, for a two-week vacation in Pensacola, Fla., during spring break.
Finding that the highway authority had a policy of never redeeming the tokens for cash, the city decided to auction them.
''A lot of water has gone under the bridge since then,'' he said.
If a school had $100,000 in credit-card receipts, for example, and had to pay 2 percent in industry fees, its cost would be only $2,000.
''But it's worth it when you weigh the tremendous anguish and embarrassment that comes with a rejection after the buyer has painted himself into a corner by hiring a lawyer and having to ask business associates to write letters of reference.''
But Ms. Yuk was apparently undaunted.
Open 9 A.M. to 12:30 P.M. and 2 to 6 P.M. daily.
In fighting for the legislation, Mr. Domenici and Mr. Wellstone said it would not increase employers' costs and might even save money by securing timely diagnosis and treatment of mental illness and by reducing the use of other medical services.
Franklin, Inge, Roger and Barbara
''I think that's a statement about our perseverance,'' said Braun, who led Eastern Michigan to a regional semifinal in 1991.
WITH air traffic back to normal after Thanksgiving, but with Christmas only two weeks away, the airlines have issued tips for business and leisure travelers to help make their flights more bearable.
He was 73 years old.
Personalized handgun laws make such good sense that most people who know about them endorse them.
That's Aunt Helen talking, and opting for the former.
Bond prices fell even more sharply in the morning, dropping by more than a point and a half before recovering somewhat.
Pam Africa, a supporter of Mr. Abu-Jamal, said Ralph Nader and members of the group 800 Academics for Mumia plan to attend a protest rally at Temple on Monday.
The damage worsened on the Hong Kong stock exchange Thursday, with the benchmark Hang Seng index plunging 1,211 points, or 10.4 percent, after a 6.17 percent fall the day before.
Johnson completed big play after big play while Manning, with the entire stadium coming at him, hesitated, fluttered, struggled.
''But he's really cleared the deck of all the problems, and the core businesses are so strong that his successor will have the easiest job in corporate America.''
While all of the specific issues you mention are under review or active investigation by the task force, at this time we have no specific, credible evidence that any covered White House official may have committed a Federal crime in respect of any of these issues.
Countries and companies should tie their willingness to expand trade and investment with Cuba to signs of progress on human and political rights.
Princess Zahra, 26, who graduated from Harvard University in 1994 and has worked with her father on humanitarian projects, is also the daughter of Princess Salima Aga Khan, who was divorced from the Aga Khan in 1995.
There are different versions of what Hale said on the gallows.
In 1993, The Daily News announced that it would move its printing operations from Brooklyn to Jersey City, after New Jersey had given the paper $35 million in cash and tens of millions of dollars in tax breaks.
''He's just such a handy little guy; he's got a ton of speed,'' Brown said of Lord Stormont, who is not nominated to the next two legs of the sport's Triple Crown.
Pontevedro, Danilo's country, has an ambassador in Paris.
Izon, who won a silver medal in the 1992 Barcelona Olympic Games, moved to the United States from France last March and has been working with Alton Merkerson, the trainer for Roy Jones Jr., in Pensacola, Fla. Izon should push Savarese in this fight.
Yankee Glide, Vaporize, Divinator and Armbro Plato were the top four finishers in the final heat and round out the final field.
Opponents of this approach cite cost as a deterrent, but, in reality, the long-term outlay is significantly less than in a correctional or traditional model that has a high recidivism rate.
What's wrong with this picture?''
We dressed with some care.
''She asked him, 'Who is this lyricist?'
The Comcast Corporation agreed yesterday to buy the Marcus Cable Company's Delaware and Maryland cable television assets for $65.5 million in cash to expand its coverage in the two states.
But the community service approach is controversial, and as states start experimenting with it they are looking to state and local governments with experience in such programs.
''The refining and marketing profits in the U.S. were substantially above expectations.
There is another tidy row of trees, several yards behind the poplars.
Getting thumbs up, too, were pollo boscaiola, white meat chunks tossed with sausage, peppers, mushrooms, onions and herbs; six jumbo shrimp mated with white beans, radicchio and lots of garlic; flaky St. Peter's fish bathed in tomato sauce and flanked by mussels and clams, and an equally worthy fillet of sole atop a creamy bed of radicchio, onions and Champagne.
''But the majority of the things are really expensive for what they are.''
An article on July 23 described historical research on papers detailing a 1940 Nazi plan to finance a propaganda campaign in the United States.
No, just nonsense lines using the names of Internet new-media companies.
If Internet Explorer can be turned into a Windows component under the decree, so might other Microsoft products like Word and Excel.
In a phone conversation the day after the article was published, Mr. Nixon ordered Attorney General John N. Mitchell to have the immigration agency raid the newspaper and to check Mr. Chandler's gardener.
spokeswoman, said that the G.E.
''I can't whistle,'' he said.
Chile's environmental groups are small and rely heavily on volunteers.
The grandchildren were born in London, have English accents and live in a fabulous mansion that Bill Cosby purchased for the family when it returned from 30 years in exile.
American Hockey League International Hockey League CHICAGO WOLVES -- Signed D Brad Barton and C Mike Taylor.
But while the President was right to recognize that learning begins soon after a child is born, one hopes that his conference will also consider the fact that brain development begins before birth, and that if we really intend, in the President's words, ''to give all our people the tools to make the most of their own lives,'' we have to see to it that all women in the United States are provided with excellent nutrition and health care when they become pregnant.
Only 14 percent of respondents had a favorable opinion of the Speaker, while 51 percent had an unfavorable opinion, making him by far the least popular national political figure in the country.
And that has raised another critical issue -- opening this construction to private financing and more commercial development, rather than relying on an increasingly parsimonious Federal Government.
''We've gone 0-3-1 against teams that we should play better against, with all due respect to them,'' said Campbell, harping on a familiar theme.
Then the healer burned elephant dung and had the child breathe the fumes.
And you are going to be in one of those teams that were also-rans your whole life.
But the index was led by discount stores, which gained 4.7 percent over last year, and apparel stores that offer bargains.
Bridgehampton and neighboring Sagaponack and Water Mill were farm communities, whose fields went down to the dunes, and there are remnants of what was, though year by year more and more of the fields disappear for houses; tracts of medium-sized houses in some cases, large properties in others.
Wayne Thelander, a bass player in the orchestra and an employee of the public schools, could be found one recent morning rehearsing a string ensemble of 14-year-olds for a communal citywide concert.
It is also more progressive and exciting to them, she said, than more traditional programs between the generations in which the elderly tutor children or sit for interviews.
One for the Kennedys and one for everyone else.'
Overshadowed this year by teen-agers with bigger swings and cuter smiles -- like top-ranked Martina Hingis, who put Yelena Likhovtseva out of the loop yesterday, 7-5, 6-2 -- Sanchez Vicario has vowed to keep chugging away even if nobody but her thinks she has the weaponry to reassert herself.
5 3/4 The 2-year notes mature Sept. 30, 1999.
Ms. Finch, a registered pilot for 18 years, took a considerably more leisurely route than either Earhart or Ms. Mock.
Because we've destroyed our planet.
''The Government sat on top of all of us in the P.R.D.
Professor Goldman said his interest in educational technology went way back.
But their religious emphasis has created economic dead ends for many of the Hasidim of Southside.
More typically, parents describe a lower-grade stress that stems, first, from the nearly perpetual motion required simply to meet the basic needs of more than two babies at once.
Although informational disparity is inevitable in the securities markets, investors likely would hesitate to venture their capital in a market where trading based on misappropriated nonpublic information is unchecked by law.
The union's precipitous descent serves as an object lesson about the halting nature of labor organizing these days, a lesson that has particular resonance in the hard-to-unionize South.
Potato Head and other popular toys artificially high, a judge ruled today.
In addition, the agency identified him as the heir apparent to Pat McGrath, the agency's president.
had gone overboard, subjecting thousands of innocent U-Haul truck renters to suspicion.
might covet Informix's technology, competing data base companies like Oracle and Sybase would lobby hard against them with the Justice Department.
He refused to comment about that as well.
Hospitals, of course, have long recruited doctors with generous enticements -- like signing bonuses, consulting contracts and outright purchases of their practices.
Kersee said he assumed the same thing and expected to sign a contract in New York this week.
Ambling along through the quiet forest and pasture, I spotted, through a screen of young evergreens, a couple of dozen elk browsing an overgrown field.
The second thing you notice is the bizarre absence of eye-to-eye contact.
Here they are defending Roberto Alomar (spitting), Wil Cordero (domestic violence), Tony Phillips (drugs) and Albert Belle (gambling), and there they are trying to tell the owners how to realign their teams.
He has to fight through this.
''We're still arguing about the route,'' Mrs. Palmer said recently from her perch high up on the driver's seat.
I answer, 'As long as I'm happy.
Ryan is featured in commercials and does broadcast work for the Fox Sports Southwest Cable network.
Concert of marine songs, today at 3 P.M. in the Marine Gallery.
money for another season of college.
Patrick O'Connell and Reinhardt Lynch, who run the celebrated Inn at Little Washington in Washington, Va., near the Skyline Drive, said they hoped to buy a few things when the restaurant's furnishings and wines are auctioned next month.
With Starks being an incendiary force late in those three straight overtime games, Houston was left to cool his heels.
An additional 200,000 of the logo-bearing cards will be sold, in $15 denominations, at the 2,000 convenience and retail stores that sell Metrocards across the city.
''The action taken by the Emergency Service Unit officers prevented an attempt to detonate them,'' Mr. Safir said of the bombs.
However, under the collective bargaining agreement, Howe was entitled to appeal the punishment to a grievance arbitrator.
Math scores on the state tests also showed improvement.
2, proceeding to make a determination on whether he should live or die -- I mean, emotional is an understatement.''
''It's frustrating against anybody that throws the ball that fast.
''I really intended to breast-feed full time,'' said Mrs. Goldbaum, who is easing her way back into her job as a vice president of Eastern Uniform Service, her family's industrial uniform rental business based in Queens.
When this happens, it's a simple matter to bleed the air out of the unit.
There is nothing inherently illegal about threatening to sue another person based on a claim of a legal right.
The film is set in Montreal, but that isn't enough to explain Marianne's fondness for speaking French to the staff in her apartment building.
at Mr. Aznavour, he argued that another French-speaking performer, Celine Dion, is permitted to sing there in English.
About six years ago she suggested that he put some serious effort into writing a novel because otherwise he would always regret it.
And he noted that this year he had dismissed an officer from the precinct who was a delegate with the powerful Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
One per article (41,000) or 10 (410,000) or 100 (4.1 million)?
Summer, when the bird lays its eggs and raises its young, is prime tanning season, bringing up to 15,000 more people to the island.
Administration officials said Mr. Clinton was leaning strongly against intervening, and union officials said such a move would be improper interference in the collective bargaining process.
Still, he added, the Nextlevel announcement ''breaks the logjam.''
The roster is down to 68; it will have to be at 60 in 10 days.
When it doesn't happen, it's really a big letdown.
But it is the venture's musical possibilities, not its financial potential, that seems to animate Mr. Fleetwood.
Shares of ITT fell 2.3 percent yesterday, or $1.875, to $78.4375.
The most successful retailers do both.
The Brownings do not depend entirely on their own tastes.
We won't be doing that at Dreamworks SKGC.''
Coincidentally, the deal was orchestrated by two ex-Knick coaches -- Riley and Don Nelson, who returned to the N.B.A.
The 67-year-old executive has delegated more of his responsibilities with the Giants in the last year, which some people have taken as another indication that he is preparing the organization for his departure.
''I've gone from being one of their biggest critics to being a relative supporter.''
When Johnny mentions having played the Mitzi Gaynor role in ''South Pacific'' in prison, Ned Lynch (Larry Bishop) says ''Nellie Forbush'' and nods, impressed.
She studied at Columbia University Teachers College and received her master's degree in art education in 1952.
The defense lawyer in the extradition case, Michael Pancer, has argued vehemently that the judge should reject evidence whose origin is in question.
* Sue R. E. Geramian was named to the new position of corporate communications director at Gruner & Jahr USA, New York, a unit of the Gruner & Jahr USA Publishing division of Bertelsmann A. G. She had been vice president and director in the marketing practice at Burson-Marsteller, New York, a unit of Young & Rubicam Inc. * Pat Tunsky was named to the new position of creative director at D3 Doneger Design Direction, New York, a division of Doneger Group.
The rest of Dr. Vaughan's evidence comes from infant observation and psychotherapy research, and, while logical enough, is not quite so impressively concrete.
Professor Kaynard taught at the School of Law for eleven years.
But his class in basic electronics was meant for troubled, disruptive high school students and stressed discipline ahead of learning.
Officials said they began dating soon afterward.
Among the designer brands featured here are Bruno Magli, Amalfi, Bandolino, Van Eli, Unisa and Evan-Picone.
The dogs are already enjoying the park, except for Miro.
The painting, considered one of the 17th-century French painter's most important works, will hang in a big gallery of Italian and French paintings when the Getty opens its new $1 billion campus in the Brentwood section of Los Angeles in December.
JERRY I. SPEYER 57, president of Tishman, Speyer Properties, international developers and property managers.
After a hundred years of pressing apples, our local cider mill has been told to pasteurize or shut down.
It has taken a long time for perceptions to change about 142 West 10th Street, where eight restaurants had failed since 1981 before Scott Bryan and Gino Diaferia opened Indigo in the fall of 1995.
That gives the trio 13 goals and 18 assists in five games.
Add the tuna, flaking it with a fork.
BIG BAND DANCE Over many years, the big-band concert dances in Willcox Hall at Pace University in Pleasantville have brought the sounds of Tommy Dorsey, Glenn Miller, Stan Kenton and others to audiences that remember them fondly and also to audiences that are hearing them for the first time.
Somehow, I had thought that civilization had decided that the rapist's judgment of a woman's dress, walk or behavior was no excuse under the law or before God, no reason not to lock him up for as long as the law allowed.
Paterno even offered purchasers a money-back guarantee.
As Sutter sent the puck toward the net, Daze got his stick on it and deflected it by Richter's glove hand at 4 minutes 21 seconds of the second period.
Beyond that, she said she could not offer many details of how or when she would deal with the problems she listed in her interview.
Since Dec. 4, the company's stock, which is traded in London, has risen nearly 31 percent on speculation about a takeover.
The executives are calling for Washington to do nothing, arguing that strong reactions can only anger Beijing.
But to him, he said, it is ''wanton cruelty conducted in the name of sport.''
In a letter to members of Congress, Mr. Clinton said he removed Syria and Lebanon from the list because they had jointly begun a campaign to eradicate about 8,400 acres of opium poppy cultivation in the Bekaa Valley.
If you don't know Polish, just point.
Brian Brennan performed the ceremony in the Lady Chapel of St. Patrick's Cathedral.
Dr. Eysenck aroused the most heated controversy of his career when he supported Dr. Jensen's article in The Harvard Education Review in 1969.
I'd be lost without religion.
In response to broad criticism that top executives were paid like bureaucrats, companies started using stock options to put much of their pay at risk.
It was the right pitch, but bad location.''
At 111 West 46th Street, Manhattan.
More than a few of those under $15 bear little-known labels, but there are a few old friends.
Born in Philadelphia on July 14, 1930, Mr. St. John was adopted at 14 months by a Canadian couple, and until he was 14, he lived with them on a 200-acre ranch near Calgary.
Whether misjudging the nature of the Serb attack or making appeals for help only to have them ignored, the Dutch failed in their mission.
Harbor Shuttle said its expansion would not require a public investment in dredging, because its approach to the Marine Air Terminal is more than deep enough for ferries.
He shot two rounds of 70 -- ''but I didn't play very well,'' he said.
Lockhart smacked the next pitch on the ground up the middle, Reed lunged and speared it and threw to first to end the ballgame.
They then sought an eviction through State Supreme Court.
''I can't take you from my heart,'' she sang in Spanish, then in the next song, in English, she sang ''Bye-bye baby, you're outta here'' and ''I don't need you.''
From 1990 to 1996, while the agricultural student body increased from 606 to 842, the number of professors dropped from 100 to 73.
How many of us in the publicity industry (a k a journalism, law, publishing, book reviewing and so on) couldn't sign our names to a similar confession?
Unlike critics in the humanities camp, biologists accept the accuracy of reports of interesting and varied animal behavior.
Nevertheless, the Internet has proven a powerful recruitment tool for cults, said Rick Ross, a cult expert and lecturer in Phoenix who has worked as a deprogrammer.
''Many of these subsidies are kept in place through political pressure, campaign donations or even bribery,'' said Worldwatch Institute in Washington in a report, ''Paying the Piper: Subsidies, Politics and the Environment.''
The menu identifies the chef as Chris Ottobre, a talented cook with an excellent reputation.
Most cunning of all are the tiny, true species tulips that once grew wild on Mediterranean hillsides, but are now propagated in commercial bulb fields.
Today, when he showed a movie of the rover rollout, made from a sequence of Pathfinder pictures, Dr. Moore smiled and called it ''the robotic equivalent of Neil Armstrong for Mars.''
''It's a very complex problem,'' Mr. Scheifele said, ''not one that will be solved in the next year.''
About a dozen states have adopted graduated licensing laws in recent years, and while some are more lenient than others, safety advocates say they all send the same message: driving is a privilege, not a right.
(Not: ''Gretzky -- In my humble opinion I think that #99's mistakes totally outweigh his decent plays.
The second member of the team, who will also be wearing a space suit, will work in an adjacent node of the space station.
They are Seneca entrepreneurs who have used the tax-exempt status to build gas stations and convenience stores.
The Alliance Entertainment Corporation said yesterday that it had agreed to sell back most of Red Ant Records to Wasserstein Perella & Company, which helped finance the ailing record label.
Open Sunday to Thursday, 11 P.M. to 4 A.M.; Friday and Saturday to 5 A.M. Free admission unless very crowded.
For too long, city riders have been paying a lot more than we've received.''
In 1995, Taylor went 2-5 with a 6.08 e.r.a.
The Flying Carpet also collapses and rolls up for easy moving, to make it appealing to urbanites on the move.
He graduated from Lafayette College.
''We all feel sorry for Dr. Doe and her family,'' Mr. Doyle said.
At the same time, the Administration has released Mr. Weld, whom it had muzzled earlier, to appear on a television talk show on Sunday to make his case.
In lieu of flowers, contributions to the Madison Avenue Presbyterian Church would be appreciated.
To hear some people talk, it really doesn't matter if the banks are lending too liberally.
Only seldom does he resort to ''not correct'' or ''erroneous'' (usually in reference to spelling or pronunciation).
Members of the Teatri Uniti now perform regularly at the Teatro Mercadante, a city-owned theater on the Piazza Municipio that reopened in 1995 for its first full season in more than 30 years.
American officials are concerned about the implications of a boycott, especially since most of the same countries are sure to attend an Islamic conference in Iran that opens on Dec. 9.
Louis Bourgeois performed the Roman Catholic ceremony at the Church of St. Paul in Hamilton, Mass.
As the sun begins to rise, he listens to the 6 A.M. BBC news for a reminder of home.
To the Editor: Buckley v. Valeo indeed makes campaign reform vital to the return of democracy as we knew it, yet almost impossible to achieve (Op-Ed, Oct. 12).
But Dick Armey of Texas, the tough Republican floor leader exulting at the Speaker's shoulder, suddenly reached to offer a hearty handshake and smile to Mr. Forbes.
Recent sharp drops in stock markets in Asia, South America and Eastern Europe prove that the strategy of spreading assets across the globe, in the hope that sovereign markets will act independently, remains a theory at best.
''Now we have to spend $80 billion to produce the F-22 because we already have sold F-15's and F-16's to other countries.''
How did your biological children relate to the changing number of children in the household?
Q. Mr. President, you said that you want to avoid time-bomb tax cuts in the budget deal, that you would insist on avoiding them.
I believe this difficult, personal decision should be left to a woman and her physician.
Diplomatic contacts with Libya ''ought to be maintained at a low level,,'' the State Department spokesman, James Foley, said when asked about the visit.
It must be also addressed by state lawmakers.
Describing the harrowing days in October 1993 when Mr. Yeltsin was faced with a violent insurrection in Parliament by Communists and nationalists and quelled it with tanks, Mr. Korzhakov describes how he personally oversaw the arrest of the rebels, then returned to find Mr. Yeltsin tippling in the Kremlin.
He happily mixes science and silliness.
This is the trickiest element of creating a springtime garden in winter.
''She is fabricating all these stories,'' Mr. Sharma said.
Marten Schalwyk's Pentecostal church, chanting, ''Allah is great!''
But he did not think they set the blaze, he said.
battle was remarkable because in Washington these days, Mr. Summers rarely loses -- or even gives much ground.
Antwerp, which my wife and I visited this summer, is not a perfectly preserved museum, like Bruges, which owes its state to the fact that the Zwin River, its lifeline to the sea, silted up before the Industrial Age and left it high and dry.
JAGMOHAN S. WALIA New York, April 29, 1997
He later credited the invention of Op Art with the experience of studying the way the intense light of southern France affected his vision.
The P.K.K., or Kurdistan Workers Party, is Mr. Ocalan's rebel group.
Union Pacific Resources shares last traded at $26.625, up from Friday's closing share price of $26.
Cordero grounded into a double play in the same situation in the seventh, and had hit just .221 since missing the last 11 games before the All-Star Game break in connection with his arrest on a domestic abuse charge.
Shorts was particularly angered that the ban remains in effect at the executive sessions of the board, where much of the district's business is discussed and voted on without public comment.
When Mr. Kleindienst, for example, concerned about preserving Hoover's secret files, ordered Mr. Mohr to seal the Director's personal office, Mr. Mohr did so, without mentioning that the Director, who had eight other offices crammed with files, kept none in his personal office.
Mr. Hollander hired Underwriters Laboratory to test his prototype, and said the company discovered that ''the torque of a conventional screw is as much as 80 percent higher than the reduced-friction screw, but the resistance to pull out is substantially the same.''
The sports industry - unlike other cultural arts - has treated any hint of homo-sexuality with denial, even if it is casual, experimental and has no visible connection to gay life.
He had turned into George Carlin, or was it Gallagher?
Groups representing gun owners have countered with a proposal, which would computerize the record-keeping system in the County Clerk's office.
But independent talents have more reason than ever to keep their distance from such temptations.
The California-Mexico border has never been a safe place.
More are on the drawing board.
And while Columbia University, New York University, St. John's University and the State University of New York all take credit cards, there are others that do not.
''What a destructive cycle,'' he said.
Speaking to a conference on the issue of free broadcast time, Mr. Clinton at last demonstrated an impulse to put his own problems to motivational use.
''Then you need human desire -- the drive for a superior life style, a better life.
Ripken Sr., Robinson said, is the most stubborn man he has ever met.
Sales have grown to more than $150 billion last year from $1.2 billion in 1985, partly because they offer competitive returns and generous protection.
They work out of a picturesque building in the Seatuck National Wildlife Refuge in Islip.
SAMSON-Arthur C. Our family lost a bright light on March 13.
A United States intelligence official said today that Mr. Tamraz had been ''helpful in a number of ways'' to the C.I.A.
Ushers have been instructed to confiscate any octopus they see being brought into the building, the Red Wings said today.
He then announced, ''I have nothing but contempt for you and your book,'' and ripped his copy up.
While I was repeatedly assured by Brother Frank Russo that matters were improving dramatically, and presented with financial reports prepared by the local to support this claim, the independent auditor I assigned to conduct an outside neutral look at the local's books and records uncovered a very different picture.''
The Journal of Management Consulting, a print publication that calls itself the ''forum for management consultants worldwide,'' has made it to the Web, but has a rather bare site, though it promises more material in the months ahead.
MACCULLOCH HALL HISTORICAL MUSEUM ''Made in Morris.''
Juwan Howard added 26 points for the Wizards, who are 3-0 at the M.C.I.
The Yeshiva University family mourns the passing of a distinguished scholar and authority on Maimonides and Raavad, an eminent educator whose life embodied the cross-cultural enrichment at the heart of our institution.
Many of his pieces involve choosing a musical parameter, like an odd meter or a pentatonic scale.
Nor is there much modern precedent for the male singer as band leader.
While drivers and pedestrians in midtown Manhattan struggled to cope with the mess created by bricks raining down from 540 Madison Avenue, a 39-story office building, there was a much more personal element to the disruption.
RECREATION DONALD J. TRUMP FIFTH AVENUE MILE, Manhattan.
Mr. Jones is one of the very best, with a rare delicacy and a great blues sensibility, and the subtle ingenuity in his piano-playing makes a standard club set a whole-piece artwork.
Mr. Abner hopes that future issues, which are to come out every other month, will sustain themselves through advertising.
One wonders if the image of a dancer on a computer screen has encouraged Mr. Cunningham to explore the way this two-dimensional figure appears to him.
From such an abundance of data, Hacker draws some provocative conclusions.
From 1989 to 1993, Mr. Furse was the assistant director and then the director of White House policy planning under President George Bush.
Otherwise, you can just turn up at Oradour and make your request on the spot.
An array of charges, including widespread accusations of mind control, followed the group from its former home in Calabasas, Calif., when it moved in 1986.
Oil stocks again were a significant part of the rally.
''If you're hungry, you tend to eat things,'' he said, simply enough.
While a lawyer for Mr. Lautenberg's committee dismissed the violation as a minor infraction that resulted from an accounting error, Mr. Haytaian and other Republican leaders said the violations made the difference in the close race.
Moving from the Upper East Side to Greenwich Village has not altered the store's motto, however.
And the Versace camp could hardly fail to bring celebrities to the museum.
Providence, which lost to Arizona in a regional final last season, challenged the Utes into the final minutes with one returning starter.
Mr. Katz was also the inspiration for a fashion shoot in the September Italian Vogue by Mr. Meisel, his generation's most trend-setting fashion photographer.
Secretary of State Lonna R. Hooks predicts a turnout between last year's 13.5 percent and 1993's 19 percent among the state's 4.4 million eligible voters.
Mr. Klasfeld, in the Mayor's office, defended the plan for television production space.
Trlicek, who pitched briefly for the Mets in 1996, was to join the team today.
Perhaps most unusual, Mr. Abbas said that such arrangements would reduce the Taliban's supreme leader, Mullah Mohammed Omar, a 38-year-old villager who has only once been to Kabul from Kandahar, to the status of a ''ceremonial'' figure, without a direct political role.
''I got 'Awesome' from my grandchildren,'' he went on.
7 Paula Jones Trial Is Set A Federal judge in Arkansas dismissed parts of Paula Jones' lawsuit against President Clinton but scheduled a trial for next May on Ms. Jones' central complaint, that Mr. Clinton sexually harassed her.
The show tonight starts at 11; the cover is $17 (Watrous).
As Vice Chairman, she will receive an extra $9,000.
He is widely touted as a proto-Minimalist; yet although he used modular components, he didn't think in Minimalism's often boring terms of series and repetitions.
Rugged warriors who have toiled in the trenches, who have trudged through the emotional waves of great highs and sullen lows.
''Art would whisper to me, 'Is this funny to you?
COLLEGE basketball coaches are high-profile people today and some, both both men and women, seem intent on patterning themselves after Bobby Knight, the Indiana coach credited with establishing modern standards for Outrageous Behavior on the Court by such antics as throwing chairs and generally being loud, obnoxious and abusive to players, referees -- anyone within earshot, or chairshot.
When was Sixth Avenue renamed Avenue of the Americas, and why?
Or have a panache (or mixed parts) of lamb, our chops and slices from the leg wafting of rosemary and served with a lovely assemblage of vegetables: savory dark olives atop layered slices of eggplant, tomato and squash.
When teams double me, I try to make them pay by hitting the open man.
In an honorable last-ditch attempt, Mr. Freeh tried to talk her out of her micro-interpretation of the law, saying correctly that the preponderance of evidence and her duty required an independent counsel.
''It can only be described as lewd behavior, the sort of behavior I would have thrashed a boy for when I was a schoolmaster,'' he said.
The task force made no judgment on whether marriages are appropriate in cases where underage pregnant girls want to resume living with adult men who impregnate them but also have the blessings of their parents.
His bid for the seat was greatly helped by the support of Mr. Giuliani, who frequently campaigned with him in the district.
''All Pizza Hut stores are equipped with a dough mixer, a piece of equipment specifically prohibited to be operated by anyone under the age of 18,'' said Bruce Sullivan, assistant regional administrator of the Labor Department's Wage and Hour Division.
Sprint turned down the idea, saying the site did not fit their increasingly complicated gridwork.
The crosscurrents of deception and passion in this triangle collide during a vacation in Venice.
''We would not be impolite.''
''We needed our own forum,'' said Lenore Janis, its president and executive director and co-founder of the group.
And two months ago, with continuing European problems compounded by heavy losses from more recent investments in China, Whirlpool told shareholders it needed to set aside $350 million -- more than its projected earnings for all of 1997 -- to retrench.
(+) 6 24 *THE COLOR OF WATER, by James McBride.
she was a giver of unconditional love, support, caring, mothering and loyalty, without reservation.
Even more serious, the Justice Department has begun a 30-day inquiry to determine whether an independent counsel should be appointed in the case.
Some may object to his anthropomorphic style, sinc he names the two heroes of his story Pliable and Timorous, but the book does document accurately the toils of these migrants to and from Mexico.
The pouf of sesame seed-encrusted goat cheese beside it has the lush but airy quality of perfect ricotta cheesecake.
Mother of Cornelia and Richard Guest, mother-in-law of Cynthia Guest and Robert Mitchell, grandmother of Sarah Guest, Andrew Mitchell, Aune Mitchell and John Mitchell and Aunt of Henry Smith-Miller.
Greenwich House Theater, 27 Barrow St. (279-4200) ''JUNE MOON'' The hit Drama Dept.
Melissa Brand Shelby, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James Shelby of Glenshaw, Pa., was married yesterday to Todd Matthew Weiss, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Weiss of Scarsdale, N.Y.
Most people can't afford these drugs and are doomed to die after great suffering.
On the train ride home to Kentucky, he added, the young women persuaded the Smiths to have a double wedding.
''The '66 thing comes up all the time.
Curtain Call DUBLIN -- If life begins at 40, this should be a vintage year for the Dublin Theater Festival.
Rabbi Simon Jacobson, a best-selling author who calls himself a ''yarmulke-wearing, beard-wielding traditional Jew,'' says the same holds in Orthodox circles: ''We live in a materialistic society.
But the company said she had no right to sue.
THE litter box could have ruined me.
Steward -- the trainer of, among others, Thomas Hearns -- replaced Jesus ''the Professor'' Rivero, a West Coast trainer known as a defensive specialist who had helped De La Hoya build his 24-0 record.
Few people seem quite so eager to torment themselves in pursuit of conformist ideals.
Despite the disparities in their lives, ''they shared the experience of being married to very public celebrated figures and became independent voices,'' she noted.
''This is the third incident within a month,'' Ms. Brady said yesterday.
Even rich countries fear the economic effects of complying with the costly reductions outlined in the proposed treaty, and they have far greater resources and know-how available to them.
Mr. McMahon had suffered a retinal hemorrhage caused by the diabetes first detected when he was 8 years old.
And at the evening's end, you truly lament the failure of a romance that might have been.
''We were upset at the fact it came down here,'' said Bill Post, 78, whose family dates back to the beginnings of Westbury.
He said, ''There are a variety of reasons why these people want to support a union: the city is constantly threatening to terminate their welfare, the city often makes them do unsafe work without proper equipment.''
His thesis, in short, centers on ''the mortal peril of beneficent regulation,'' the ''unintended consequences'' of high-minded schemes to guarantee access to health care.
''I knew then and there that I wanted to be a fighter,'' he said.
Their loss to Charlotte was their sixth game of the last seven played on the road.
''At the same time, they're supposed to be conveying an educational message to the public.
''No, look what I did!''
Liszt simply wanted to give listeners a fresh way to experience these ingenious symphonies without the distraction, in a sense, of orchestration.
''It's a standard phone system,'' Mr. McMahon said.
And the University of Michigan is scheduled to issue its survey of consumer sentiment in June.
The biggest project of all -- an estimated $3.2 billion if all 17 buildings are finished -- is Riverside South, Mr. Trump's phased project on the Hudson River between 59th and 72d Streets.
B1 Girl Dead in Boys' Locker Room A sophomore sprinter on the girls' track team of a rural New Jersey high school track was found dead in the shower area of the boys' locker room with a stab wound in her neck.
Indeed, when Mr. Kraft rented space in the basement of Mr. Gifford's BankBoston for a mockup to encourage potential backers, what he built was not a model of the stadium itself, but of the club.
Before the evening is over, two more bodies remain to be disposed of, and the four friends have begun turning on one another.
According to the trade group's data, aggressive growth and growth funds, which invest in companies whose earnings are expected to rise rapidly, added $7.7 billion in new cash in May.
Ms. Kerr was especially happy to get, for $24,150, what she called ''a rather Mummy-looking dress'' of black velvet trimmed with what the Christie's catalogue described as ''a fall of Honiton lace.''
The Administration is widely expected to announce its proposal after a scheduled White House conference on climate in early October and before or during the next negotiation session here, from Oct. 20 to Oct. 31.
''The outcry took us by surprise.''
''Continuity, or the lack of it, has always played a major role in Jewish life.
What has happened here is, by and large, a triumph for Mr. Gehry, Mr. Krens and Bilbao, and as things seem to be developing at the global Guggenheim, for New York.
The issue is coming to a head.
One that I like is Unio, a well-made though fairly delicate Spanish olive oil that is sold at Fairway in 25.5-ounce bottles (750 milliliters) for $9.69.
Ms. Chernin quotes herself from a conversation with her collaborator, Renate Stendhal, in effect encapsulating the tone of the book.
It's putting a price tag on discrimination.''
Wells said cost savings achieved in the First Interstate merger were offset by higher losses tied to merging the banks' back-office operations.
Selig then came on the field to say the matter was settled.
There the 1963 church bombing in Birmingham, Ala., that killed four black girls seems to have happened only yesterday.
''I dropped out of school at 17.
Mr. Bradley works closely with hospice organizations and groups like Compassionate Friends, a support group for grieving parents.
Mr. Blair referred to that troubled period in his toast today, saying that he knew personally that ''contrary to some of the hurtful things that were said at the time, how moved you were by the outpouring of grief.''
The Buckeyes appeared able to put the game away several times but the relentless Plummer brought Arizona State back over and over.
It's not so incredible now.
Mr. Erbakan said the party was not responsible for those statements and could not be expected ''to keep an eye on all four million members.''
Voices carried across Manhattan sounded only vaguely mechanical.
I received the invitation in December.
Many believe that only Erbakan offers it.
He graduated from Hamilton College.
''This could happen whether we publish our address or don't publish.
Gutierrez Alea left behind at least two scripts that Ms. Ibarra says are ''ready to be filmed this instant.''
The fighting between the Zairian Government and Tutsi-led rebels has spread to the country's mineral-rich southern province of Shaba, military officials said today.
A few of the works are in the cramped basement of her house; others are at her labyrinthine studio near the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
What the Governor is proposing is not necessary.
Today, businessmen are big spa buffs, constituting 27 percent of the clients and readily booking a massage, a loofah scrub, an herbal wrap, a sports medicine rubdown or even a facial -- often accompanied by fat-free, low-calorie snacks and meals.
Some say the 150-year-old American Medical Association is still very much its old healthy self: the pre-eminent medical association in the country, almost 300,000-strong, devoted to safeguarding the profession's highest moral and ethical principles.
As for the possible motivational effort by Murray, Lindros said, ''I think there's enough motivation in the situation as it is.''
'' While the two sides agreed in 1989 that Arthur Andersen could do a limited amount of consulting for its audit clients, Arthur Andersen has expanded its consulting work in recent years as its traditional business of doing the annual audits for companies has become less profitable.
Children's History Program A three-day program for children is scheduled at the Scarsdale Historical Society's Cudner-Hyatt House tomorrow through Wednesday from 10:30 A.M. to 12:30 P.M. Children 6 and older will be able to sample a number of 19th-century games and crafts, cooking and sewing techniques and consume a lunch prepared from a 19th-century Hyatt family recipe.
Mr. Sheridan had no comment.
(The book will also appear at the Sackler Gallery in Washington, May 18 to Oct. 13, and then at the Met from Nov. 20 to Feb.
But the stewardship program must not subsidize unrelated experimentation or allow any effort to design and build more advanced weapons.
Despite the hundreds of mailed entries and the din of telephone calls leading up to the drawing, giving away land in this rustic hamlet, 70 miles east of Amarillo, proved to be more difficult than one might imagine.
If the Knicks straighten up and fly right, he will deserve an extension.
''It was disturbing to the lab and to us, too.''
In lieu of flowers contributions in the memory of Jack Hubbell, Dartmouth College Alumni Fund, 6068 Blunt Building, Hanover, NH 03755.
To help the couple understand the layout, the architects offered wavy computer drawings.
The continuous mayoral message was the idea of Vito A. Turso, then a spokesman for the Sanitation Department.
For the record, it was 7:17 P.M.
Other skeptics say that an amendment isn't needed at all because both parties have agreed to balance the budget by the year 2002 and the deficit is now lower than it was four years ago.
Similarly, the new rules on individual retirement accounts would cost only $33 million in lost revenue in the first five years but $13 billion in the next five.
My condolences to Sally and the family.
There are 5,500 different plants, from cobra lilies to lobelias.
Renaissance licenses the Ramada name in the United States and Canada.
He has had more than 20 years of fruitful relations with the Government as a Section 8 housing owner, he said.
When he was offered the chance to run for the vacant Senate seat as the candidate of the governing center-left alliance, Mr. Di Pietro accepted.
Questions like those promised to keep the affair alive -- in the courts, in the press and on the political battlefield.
He said the availability and cost of labor and operating costs remain priorities.
''But I was going back to work right away and in my job, I sometimes don't have 15 minutes to sit, let alone pump,'' said Mrs. Manzo, a secretary in the buildings department of Franklin Park, Ill., a Chicago suburb.
It is scheduled to begin running on Sunday nights next Sept. 13.
More than 30,000 couples are expected at the stadium, and 3.6 million couples around the world will participate in the event through a satellite hookup.
In a 1995 county health assessment, black and Hispanic residents, who make up less than 5 percent of the county's population of 141,000, made up more than one-third of those with AIDS.
To the Editor: I enjoyed ''Australia's Other Drink: At Home, Beer, but Export Buzz Is About Wine'' (Business Day, May 24) but was puzzled by the implication that Australia is a nation of beer drinkers whose wine production is an international trade proposition.
But five years ago, perhaps through neglect, there were no Hawaiian students on campus.
Before we know what has happened to her, we are introduced one by one to six police officers, among them the white guy (Boomer), whose father was killed in a subway robbery; the black guy (Dead-Eye), whose father hated him for becoming a cop, and the half-Cherokee guy (Geronimo), who is the world's greatest bomb-disabling specialist.
In the day-by-day record book of 1961, Roger Maris continues to take his compact, disciplined uppercut swing.
Women's National Basketball Association WNBA - Fined Rhonda Windham, Los Angeles general manager, $1,000 for verbally abusing the officials following a game on Aug. 9.
They have expanded their fortunes as arriviste competitors have come and gone.
They were cast, and were finally exhibited in 1921.
''But there is really no way to train for the championship,'' he said.
He attended his last practice on Tuesday.
''That's what sells,'' said Aaron Fleishaker, a senior vice president of Modell's Sporting Goods in New York.
Reaching the Stars TO BE ONE OF THE privileged few who make it backstage is not always that difficult.
Edward H. Vick has been named to the vacant position of chief operating officer at Young & Rubicam Inc. in New York.
Contributions may be made to Alzheimer's Disease Research.
Given the unusually mild winter, especially compared with the previous one, some criminologists expressed surprise at the continued decline in crimes that are usually committed outdoors, like auto thefts and shootings.
''The men would stand in a group by the driveway, but he would be over there, thinking, alone.''
His 6-year-old son, LUCA, the only other person on the plane, got minor scratches.
Mr. Dillon, who said he had gone to Washington in January and lobbied Mrs. McCarthy on abortion, issued a press release and letter on his official stationery criticizing her.
Even more unusual, Foley threw in tight end Kyle Brady's direction half a dozen times.
Ms. Pelosi and the Republican House majority leader, Dick Armey, handed over lists of dissidents they wanted to see released.
Without him -- though backup Rich Gannon has performed admirably -- the 49ers are simply too strong.
Mr. Goodall and Mr. Mandelbaum said they hoped that discussions with Mandelbaum Mooney clients would conclude with them becoming clients of Hampel/Stefanides in San Francisco.
Isaac Austin added 17 points and 13 rebounds.
That is one question raised by Tony Blair's landslide victory in yesterday's general election.
''It's an ongoing program,'' she said.
PRICE RANGE: Appetizers, $5.75 to $9.25; main courses, $12 to $16.75.
CLOUGHERTY-Coleman F., of Clifton, NJ, on March 7, 1997.
Mr. Kelley raced up to him.
Into another room walked the condemned man's mother, his former wife, two of his sisters and a family friend.
Mr. Babcock was arrested on May 12, 1993, in Granby after leading deputies on a five-mile chase.
Writing on Tibet (a special interest, since Mr. Wei's former fiancee is Tibetan), he analyzes the history of the Chinese-Tibetan relationship in terms of voluntary mutual interest, with China responsible for Tibet's defense and external relations but the Tibetan hierocracy unrestricted in its domestic sovereignty.
He staged the dramatization of James Joyce's ''Ulysses in Nighttown'' with Zero Mostel (and later played opposite Mr. Mostel in a television version of ''Waiting for Godot'').
The store also has Look's Cooler No.
Manager Joe Torre benched Strawberry against the Mariners right-hander Ken Cloude today, starting Chad Curtis in left field and using Tim Raines as the designated hitter.
''I got two beautiful Moiseyev boys, a Bolshoi boy, two Kirov girls, another boy from the Bolshoi Opera and a girl from a Georgian ballet company.
Wells housing project on Chicago's South Side, Mr. Wiseman allows himself one faint bit of editorializing.
''We're more than willing to introduce Bob and his team to any of our clients,'' Mr. Dalton said.
My favorite exchange came as the third quarter ended.
The Sky, the Stars, the Wilderness By Rick Bass.
The room is a high-tech wonder, with a 33-inch computer screen and lights angled at different degrees so that Santina can make the most of the tunnel vision she has in her left eye.
Nor did they bother to notify West Germany that its cultural heritage was being hawked on the street.
''Good question,'' he murmurs, half wryly, half rebelliously.
Sheffield stared up, turning his body so he would not have to look directly into the sun.
At Total, Mr. Desmarest's shy manner, his gray suits and his aristocratic air, the hallmark of graduates of the ''grandes ecoles,'' have earned him the nickname Little Prince.
Two Fordham University scientists discovered ticks with Lyme disease last year in Van Cortlandt Park.
''In this he resembles Hart Crane: wedding the machine to the natural, taking all things for what they are and explaining their shapes and motives.''
JULY 20-26 St. Ann's Italian Festival Hoboken.
And if Leetch feels anything like the way he did in Game 3, the Rangers are in serious trouble.
On Wednesday he brought together in the Oval Office parties who have been feuding over tobacco policy for years.
The child, who was found with his umbilical cord attached, was listed in good condition.
The tests followed an unusual public statement on Wednesday by one of his doctors, Pradit Charounthaitawee, who said: ''His health is not very good at the moment.
Kathy Fallenius, as North, was excited when her partner opened one heart, and after an overcall in diamonds, cue-bid in that suit and continued to game.
''To correct an injury to a historic black by a historic white, the program allows Metro to take current opportunities from a nonoffending white and allocate them to an uninjured black,'' wrote Federal District Judge Lynn N. Hughes in an 26-page opinion that used the nickname of the county's Metropolitan Transit Authority.
The Brooklyn women's boyfriend killed her on a night he had come home drinking and accused her of having an affair.
In Virginia, there was no specific question about the car tax.
B1 SPORTS B7-12 SCIENCE TIMES C1-8 Fixing What the Body Can't People have turned their tool-making and building skills to correcting the medical problems the body cannot fix.
''It could be I'm not normal,'' he tells Meyer Woolf.
I was virtually grown when I got a new one.
But now the Washington State Ferry System, which has operated the ferries for more than 40 years, wants to curtail some of the service.
What that means is that if you have a good idea, we will acknowledge it.
''We have an informal association and call each other.''
I have learned people can be cruel and prejudiced because they don't know enough.
He was referring to his new play, ''Heaven and Earth,'' which opens on Saturday at the Bay Street Theater and runs to Aug. 31.
One of the most delightful literary classics ''The Year of the Butterfly,'' by George Ordish, tells of the life and migration of the Monarch.
Chew-Not, which costs $40 to $50 for enough to cover about 100 feet of hedge, must be applied on a dry day, preferably when the temperature is above 40 degrees.
The program that tops the list, of course, is ''Civilization,'' the 13-part BBC series in which the British art historian Kenneth Clark traced 2,000 years of Western culture.
Main courses also showed promise.
Having captured Frisch's attention, Hans begins to tell the businessman his story.
I worry that it would be like some kind of weird ''Twilight Zone'' episode where I would go crazy or something.
Not all foreign auto makers did well, though.
Mr. Sawallisch's pianism is utterly distinguished.
So it is refreshing to see natural selection, the engine of evolution, characterized correctly as haphazard, without scruple, even ''abysmally stupid,'' especially when such blasphemies are loosed by as distinguished a scientist as George C. Williams.
West, Silver Spring, MD, Friday, November 14, at 11 AM.
Even Torre knows he will not be able to use the same two-reliever formula that worked magically in 1996.
The greater the loss of urine, the more quickly one becomes dehydrated.
Peter A. Aron, Chairman Peter Neill, President MOSBACHER-Emil Jr. Mona Mansell and the Directors of the Board of Freedom Institute extend heartfelt condolences to our vice chairman, Patricia Mosbacher, on the death of her beloved ''Bus.''
''He didn't want to know whether he had white blood.''
A pioneering offshore oil-drilling company, Zapata was founded in 1953 by George Bush, the former President, and two partners.
Ratings reflect the reviewer's reaction to food, ambiance and service, with price taken into consideration.
The end result is greater blood flow, which means more oxygen for the tissues.
He graduated from the University of Madrid.
Donations in his memory may be made to the American Cancer Society.
A lot was done according to one's imagination, more than actually digging to find the scientific proof of how things were that we look for today.
But the center's new owners, retail experts said, hope that Christie's will attract a new clientele, the well-heeled New Yorker or wealthy traveler who previously might have avoided the tourist-choked center.
Historians, on the other hand, search for and sift evidence, insist on sequence and chronology, seek to make as precise a reconstruction of the past as is possible.
That's when a man who has been eavesdropping behind a partition announces his presence and tells her, ''You're the most fascinating woman I'm ever likely to meet.''
''But it hasn't shaken them into leaving China.
RDM SPORTS GROUP INC., Atlanta, said its board planned to sell the assets of its Flexible Flyer Toys unit for $23 million to Hedstrom Corp., a company controlled by Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst Inc. LIFE RE CORP., Stamford, Conn., a life and health reinsurance company, bought a 79 percent stake in AML Acquisition Co. of Jacksonville, Fla., a life insurance holding company, for $22.3 million, including the assumption of $9.8 million in debt.
What Mr. Vandross left in his wake was an enormous sense of achievement, a celebration of both traditionalism and its implicit accumulation of knowledge, and a sense that black culture at its best offered a way of living.
I decided that this year I would just grip it and rip it.
A1 Wiring Discrimination Charged New Jersey regulators scheduled a hearing for today on charges that Bell Atlantic was bypassing inner cities as it rewires the state with fiber optic cable.
He'll have 2 this week.
Bombardier said deliveries of the 50-seat jet would begin in July and continue through September 1998.
Take the precocious start at Vanderbilt, for instance.
We might have left well enough alone, but no.)
They have to go back.''
This alluded to Thomas Hobbes's 1651 description of the life of man in a state of nature as ''solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short.''
(I imagine a kind of ethical free-trade zone in which people are encouraged to swap some of the things in which they have long believed.
The bride, 27, is a senior advertising account executive at 2d Interactive Inc., a multimedia network company in Boston.
''I don't want to see him in the secondary,'' Packers safety Leroy Butler said.
Shelly Friedman, a lawyer for Staples, said he does not understand what all the fuss is about.
Coaches whose names became attached to speculation about that school's opening -- Gary Williams of Maryland and Eddie Fogler of South Carolina -- were out of the tournament before the ink was dry.
It has a little chamber for servants, a sitting room lined with photographs of Sir Winston, and a bedchamber with a balcony.
He scored 47 goals last year, his third-best season ever, and earlier this month he joined Mike Bossy in 10th place among lifetime goal scorers.
Use this paste like the basil paste above, and use peanut oil to saute the scallops.
THIS WEEK Mulch, Water, Fertilize, Pinch and Cut Mulch to conserve water and to keep weeds under control.
The discovery last week of a group of deaf Mexicans in Queens who spent long hours hawking $1 trinkets for a ring of bosses is an extreme example of the exploitation illegal immigrant workers face.
Bell Labs retiree and Fellow of IEEE.
She was the favorite, even though she had run (and won) only once.
AT the end of Carol Shields's latest novel, a 46-year-old Canadian landscape designer and maze maker named Larry Weller sits at a dinner party he has reluctantly nudged into being.
''But she came back to the golf course every Friday afternoon to hang around with her parents for an hour or so,'' Dr. Caffrey said.
When asked, Mr. Hewitt acknowledged that he had called Mr. Houston but said: ''He never brought any lawsuits.
's, allowing workers at all earning levels to begin accumulating real wealth.
Most teams choose veterans to wear the ''C,'' but some select young stars with extraordinary skills.
The New Jersey State A.F.L.-C.I.O.
But, disenchanted with the elitist attitude and country club mentality of the game amid an era of social change in 1970, he quit, and played little more than one round a year for the next quarter century.
The Gartner Group, a market research firm in Stamford, Conn., says the procedure can reduce companies' travel costs for recruitment by 15 percent to 20 percent.
On Stage Entertainment Inc., Las Vegas, Nev.,an initial public offering of 1.4 million shares and 1.4 million warrants.
During the manufacturing process, the fibers are compacted, making a dense material that resists weathering.
Of course, not all songs are great.
Together, the child credit and the capital gains cut would take up nearly the entire tax cut.
Judges, witnesses and court officials have been murdered, terrorized and forced into exile in cases involving military atrocities.
'The Boss' on the undercard?
Here too there might be an alternative, with information filed to a city agency, where it can be kept secret.
The flame would burn in honor of Joseph Hanna, just a hard-working Lebanese immigrant who built a local dry-goods business.
''But even 50 in a year is 50 too many,'' he said.
Though Ms. Cornwell asserts that other celebrities do likewise, Ms. Jackson countered: ''I loved her, but I think she began believing her own press releases.
It's never a good sign when a coach faces a crucial game in mid-December.
However, it is worth noting that the sugar industry's focus on good Congressional relations began before 1947.
He appraised it at $250,000, and Mrs. Rootenberg began shopping it around.
In another push for increased revenues, Rockefeller Center is holding a tense series of lease discussions with Radio City Productions, the longtime operator of the Radio City Music Hall and a subsidiary of Rockefeller Group Inc. Patricia G. Hambrecht, managing director of Christie's Inc., declined to comment on the plans.
He also continues to negotiate book and movie rights to his story.
''People are looking at it pretty much as a fait accompli,'' said Anthony Cragg, a manager of international funds at Strong Capital Management in Milwaukee.
''My biggest concern is the Mexican consumer,'' Ernest Brown, senior economist for Latin America at Morgan Stanley, said.
''It was very uncool'' to have children around, said Max Protetch, who used to get uptight about strollers marring the matte black floors of his gallery in SoHo.
Mr. Rudavsky, 40, has produced work ranging from documentaries on Jewish themes to segments for ''Prime Time Live'' and MTV's ''Real World.''
But just what that advice will be is still unclear.
IN OTHER GAMES Jeff Jaeger kicked a 42-yard field goal with 6 minutes 9 seconds remaining in overtime to give the visiting BEARS a 20-17 victory over the BILLS.
John Carlton, executive director of the Warren County Pollution Control Financing Authority, said the lowered rating has thwarted plans to refinance existing bonds, which would have reduced annual debt payments and helped the county charge more competitive fees to use its landfill.
''I wanted to see everything that happens -- I wanted to hear everything that happens,'' said Charles Tomlin, whose 46-year-old son, Rick, an enforcement officer for the Federal Transportation Department, was killed in the blast.
Officials there said the country remained at odds with the International Monetary Fund over how much economic pain it would have to endure in exchange for a bailout plan aimed at helping its debt-ridden financial system.
He has about as much chance to be reinstated in the near future as Shoeless Joe Jackson.
But she has been coming close recently in her hard-fought race for re-election, standing in the chill this morning to dedicate a new mobile mammography unit here and to tout her support for a law requiring insurers to cover up to 72 hours of recovery in a hospital after a mastectomy.
That suggests that the investment banking community has been doing something very right.
''A lot of work went into this.
The law, prompted by, among other things, a carjacking in which a baby was killed and another in which Miss Louisiana's new Taurus was taken, is the latest attempt in this state to assure citizens that they can protect themselves.
But on Fathers Day she became depressed.
Gibson Kamau Kuria, a civil rights lawyer and a spokesman for the opposition coalition, said the tribal flare-ups around Mombasa were orchestrated by Mr. Moi's allies to give the Government an excuse to crack down on the democracy movement and put off making any changes.
A court date often takes six months.
LOUIS KALIKOW Somerville, Mass., May 20, 1997
The move comes a week after the Western Hockey League coach, GRAHAM JAMES, was sentenced to three and a half years in prison after pleading guilty to sexually assaulting two players.
The plant throws long stems from its central rosette of leaves (usually striped green and white, although there is an all-green variety).
''I did consider serving it to you in jam jars,'' Mr. Hargrave told Mr. Mayle.
And before Schell could get any relief for his aching back, he had agreed to do a turn on Williams's album.
Sanders will get his 100 yards -- he has an N.F.L.
Beckman will pay $875 million in cash and will assume $175 million of Coulter's debt.
The subject that gave Ms. Kelly pause was tattoos, which slipped out of a conversation on fluorescent hair colors.
Sad because he would have been superb in the job.
Preheat an ovenproof 12-inch skillet (preferably nonstick) over medium-high heat for about 3 minutes.
in Ulster County, N.Y., misspelled the surname of the county District Attorney, who has supported her.
to use closets and hallways and stairwells and bathrooms for classrooms, then they shouldn't be educating the children of our city.''
of the rest of the league's pitchers.
The 22-story landmark runs from Broadway to Trinity Place along Rector Street, just south of Trinity Church and courtyard.
Until now, criticism about money and political influence has been directed chiefly at the Democrat Party and President Clinton, who courted potential donors with coffee sessions at the White House.
Morgan Stanley & Co. Biosite Diagnostic Inc., San Diego, an initial public offering of 2 million shares.
They and their regulators are now suing in court and lobbying Congress to hold the Government to the contracts.
The bill passed last week by the Ways and Means Committee had a provision to eliminate subsidies for ethanol, the corn-based alternative fuel.
Outside architectural circles, many New Yorkers knew Mr. Smith as a civic watchdog, a function he exercised for more than five decades with more than 70 sharply opinionated letters published in The New York Times, on subjects ranging from tulip plantings on Park Avenue to public housing on Roosevelt Island.
For example, as recently as two years ago, dealers made an effort to show mostly less expensive merchandise, mirroring a kind of nervousness in the market.
But the overall increase is actually 13 percent when the measure is combined with the $20 million approved for the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee, the panel conducting the fund-raising inquiry, and $7.9 million for a special reserve fund that could be used for the investigation.
Then call the agency, prove your relationship and get an idea of what you would be entitled to if you opted instead for your ex-spouse's account.
The May 28 date was first disclosed on April 4 in Barney's motion to offer $10 million in breakup fees and expenses.
''This planning mechanism,'' said Supervisor Felix Grucci Jr., ''will help us protect and preserve property values and promote the efficient use of the town's existing stock of single-family dwellings while providing some measure of economic relief to families of modest income.''
Another is the Asian tat-soi, which has rather sweet dark green leaves.
Charles G. Sturcken, a spokesman for the environmental agency, said yesterday that the probable cause of the Chelsea break was the weight of trucks trundling down Seventh Avenue, while the Fort Greene break was due in large part to the erosion of soil separating the pipe from subway tunnels below it.
He had gone to college in California and his enthusiasm for America seemed boundless.
In 1971, Dr. Miller married Schweitzer's daughter, Rhena.
Today -- two decades after she forgave Mr. Pugach and married him in a wedding that made headlines -- Mrs. Pugach is expected to take the witness stand on her husband's behalf.
''Married Love'' -- a bronze sculpture of Winston and Clementine Churchill seated together, in fact, is the theme celebrated by one of the 40-odd sculptures that line Plaza sidewalks and sitting areas.
''A few years ago,'' Rabbi Lamm said, ''they would savage us with a truculence that seemed to exceed itself each time.''
And a Taste, Too For devotees of white truffles, a cooking demonstration featuring truffle dishes will be held at Peter Kump's School of the Culinary Arts, 50 West 23d Street, on Nov. 12 at 6:30 P.M. For $80, you also get to taste them.
Anne Anderson, an analyst at Atlantis Investment who has been selling the stock short, said she would not become positive on the shares until concerns over the company's future enrollment growth were settled and the regulators and accountants had weighed in on the company's finances for the whole year.
In a trial here pitting the Philip Morris Companies against Rembrandt Group Ltd., the South African industrial and tobacco conglomerate, accusations have been made that smugglers helped Philip Morris get a foothold in the lucrative South Africa market, which has opened up since the end of apartheid.
Montgomery Ward, the Chicago-based retail chain that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection last month, has obtained a temporary restraining order against Sears, Roebuck & Company to prevent the rival retailer from trying to attract executives from Ward.
The workers are eligible for two years of retraining, receiving unemployment checks for the first six months, then, under the trade accord, an added year of payments at the same level.
Part of the problem, he said, was that investors had been focusing on a narrow field of big league players.
Irvan said Yates never brought up the subject when discussing why he wouldn't renew his contract.
The Women's National Basketball Association season will overlap with his football season, though, and he is not sure how they will work it out.
It's a very different atmosphere here.
''Clearly everyone has innate qualities.
Years ago Sotheby's would never have tried to sell the collection in New York, since London is where these goods are traditionally sold.
That is no longer the case.
Some diplomats and intelligence experts have suspected for years that North Korea is printing $100 bills at a plant in Pyongyang, the capital, and at least three North Korean defectors have described a counterfeiting operation that they said has been printing fake $20, $50 and $100 bills since 1987.
What Government can rightly insist on is that broadcasters who take free frequencies quickly provide viewers the option of watching digital programs.
Hardaway, who never left his feet, could not believe his eyes.
''It was a little too soft, and it didn't appeal to boys,'' he said.
Justice Heiple, who was in the first year of a three-year term as chief justice, a largely administrative post, did not contest the charges.
The new system, the rebels-in-charge explained, would maintain interest later into the season among fans in many more cities because their teams would have a chance to reach the playoffs by way of the wild-card route.
Still, Mr. Kim, who said during the campaign that he favored a pardon for the two former Presidents, has shown the ability in the past to forgive or compromise with his old enemies, either out of magnanimity or merely for political expediency.
''We expected a decline in our shares,'' he said.
Efforts to diversify away from gold, meanwhile, have faltered and the company has lost some key executives, including its best-known fund manager, Victor Flores.
Ms. Johnson listed 10 episodes.
But the White House threatened a veto, even though the bill would allow Mr. Clinton to waive the legal effects of the decertification, and the likelihood that it would pass appeared to be dwindling.
Joan Elizabeth Ramer and Alan Howard Gold are to be married today in Old Bridge, N.J.
The group Hispanic New Yorkers is made up mostly of Puerto Ricans, but it also includes people from many Latin American countries, particularly the Dominican Republic.
Most of the dead were from India, Pakistan or Bangladesh.
In addition to many millions, this was why the free agent Williams chose the Pistons.
''We didn't want to take the pills, because we saw soldiers getting sick,'' he said.
Federal prosecutors in other New York state jurisdictions have tried death penalty cases, including in Brooklyn, which is part of the Eastern District of New York, and in Binghamton.
Powers seems almost as gullible as Hersh.
Devoted husband of Mary (nee Tucker), beloved father of Tucker, Vance, & Anne.
In Tokyo there are now several hundred ''image clubs,'' where Japanese men pay $150 an hour to act out their fantasies with make-believe schoolgirls in make-believe classrooms, locker rooms or commuter trains.
Vornado Realty Trust said yesterday that it had acquired a shopping center in San Juan, P. R., from the Kmart Corporation for $74 million.
The intended purpose is to deny women the possibility of sexual pleasure, and hence discourage sexual freedom.
The Supreme Court concluded that the three provisions violated the First Amendment since they burdened ''more speech than is necessary to prevent intimidation and to insure access to the clinic.''
While Republicans and the White House will probably agree on some kind of tax cut this year, there is virtually no chance of eliminating capital gains and estate taxes as Mr. Gingrich proposed.
After three years of cutting taxes and reining in spending, Gov.
But suppose the house cost $300,000.
Since his ouster, Pol Pot has remained an enigma, one of the great mass killers of the century, still lurking in his jungle sanctuary without a word of explanation for his deeds.
Recent news articles in New Jersey about teen-agers killing babies and other children have only strengthened their resolve.
The mulligan is universal -- it is used wherever golf is played and without translation.
They do happen over drinks at a corner bar among people of the same group, at dinner tables in Harlem apartments and in Upper East Side town houses, under hair driers in beauty salons and in small social settings where people's words are likely not to come back to haunt them.
Overtly, at least, this implies a spirit of democracy.
The new rule is one of the changes the commission has imposed after finding that the Nasdaq stock market turned a blind eye as dealers shortchanged customers.
''Since last night there has been heavy fighting in the northern part of Kalemie,'' the Zairian official said, acknowledging that the rebels had already taken the town of Watsa, north of Kalemie, but that foreign mercenaries backing Zaire's army were defending the airport there.
Han Sung Joo, a political scientist and former Foreign Minister in the South who himself tangled with the North, said there are some signs that improved relations may be possible.
Olerud, who hit .294 with 22 homers and 102 runs batted in, told Mets officials he wanted to explore the option of signing with Seattle, which is close to his home.
The configuration includes a low ceiling suspended over the orchestra and part of the audience, and 11 wooden columns forming a horseshoe around the stage.
Robert Hoehn, an analyst with Salomon Brothers, said, ''HealthSouth's operating margins were more than twice as high as Horizon's last year -- 32.5 percent, compared with about 14 percent.''
Mr. Smith and others said officials had to focus more on other radioactive substances from the lab.
Their authority came from military skills or ties to the former Communist Government structures.
Historically, there has been an enormous public investment in clearing the urban renewal land for new development.
Mr. Schneider said 79 minority members, in addition to 29 minority members in a cadet program, were in the top finishers on the test.
CHICAGO WHITE SOX -- Named Tony Pena coordinator of Dominican operations and manager of its Arizona Rookie League team.
The building is known more for its famous tenants than for its architecture.
But just as the Mayor was beginning the attack at an afternoon news conference, just before his cohorts were to issue their own lock-step denunciations, Deputy Mayor Randy Levine burst in to the room with a message.
Unlike the monuments to Jefferson, Lincoln and Washington, the F.D.R.
We will miss his kind words and willing smile.
In particular, New York's owners disliked the tone that Mr. Andersen brought to the magazine, which they said was too harsh and too insider-oriented -- more in the spirit of Spy magazine, where Mr. Andersen was once an editor.
''I've got some suits now,'' he brags.
Otherwise, the class for overcoming humanness was over.
No other behavior seems to have any effect.''
Mr. Morrel disputed the findings of the inspections and maintained that his site-specific work would be useless if removed from the face of the 1931 Art Deco landmark.
''Exercising doesn't protect the brain from traumatic injury,'' Gordon said.
He said he had gotten calls from people claiming links to Northern Ireland who sought a role in brokering the return of the paintings, but he pointedly declined to say whether they were connected to the Irish Republican Army.
Robbins, who began the round with a two-stroke lead, had a tournament-record 15-under 198 total on the Highland Meadows course.
'' After regular meditation, Mr. Lowenberger saw his blood pressure drop 20 points.
''We went through how we have really not been included in terms of our government,'' Dr. Abou-Sabe said.
We pause to gaze in wonder at Pharaoh's Fury, a huge swinging boat with lighted King Tut heads at each end.
''I think she's a brave and bold person.''
''From living rooms to board rooms, anyone concerned with economic growth and continued high employment can breathe easier,'' said Jerry Jasinowski, the president of the National Association of Manufacturers.
I'm saving my commitment for something stable, like coaches and players.
Meanwhile, the convention's trade rules and provisions for surprise inspections would provide adequate safeguards against such weapons.
Shell also gained better access to natural gas and electricity customers, in part because the deal gave Shell the 44 percent of Coral Energy that Tejas now owns.
But 10 days later, that school also closed.
The company bought 210,308 shares.
A day and a half later they found themselves on Broadway, their stomachs full with Big Macs and their eyes full of big lights.
A therapist might say I have control issues.
A Giuliani administration official said that while the plan had its flaws, the administration was willing to work with the City Council to get some form of the plan approved.
Environmental groups that have derided the M.T.A.
Representatives of Branam Enterprises have told the police they knew they were working with amateurs.
Ms. Messinger ran an honorable campaign, and came up with some good proposals on how to get more money for schools by eliminating inefficiency.
Lou Reed was there with his family, including his parents, his sister and brother-in-law and their children.
So if the market begins to fall, mutual fund investors may react differently than they have in the past.
But Mr. Whitacre soon dropped another bombshell on Mr. Shepard: Archer Daniels, he contended, was fixing prices.
Since late last year, the safety board investigators have said the destruction of the plane was caused by an accumulation of jet fuel fumes in the center fuel tank.
Broader market indexes fared even better.
The rigorous action today reflects a far more liberal interpretation of the guidelines that the West has set for itself in Bosnia.
''Migration, and particularly the illegal immigration to the United States, grows,'' he said.
A cover applied by shrink-wrapping works too, but make sure that any wrap includes air vents.
Ultimately, with the thousands of spectators frozen in silence, Sheehan conquered the pressure and two-putted from 120 feet to take the tournament.
It's as simple as that.''
Under a new program that will start in about a month, a code will be entered on the card of any Medicaid user who repeatedly checks into hospitals for detoxification.
Mr. Pringle said the aging sewer systems in the northern part of the state, following a heavy downpour, can dump up to 140 million gallons of raw sewage a day that eventually finds its way into the ocean.
Throughout the state, tobacco producers will soon begin tearing down cigarette advertising billboards near schools, financing anti-smoking campaigns, removing vending machines from places where children can get to them and ending advertising at sports events and on buses and trains.
176 Edgerstoune Road at Route 206, Princeton.
In 1983, he entered Mexico's Baseball Hall of Fame.
About 2,000 people who gathered in the town square this morning were urged by the newly constituted Committee for the Protection of Vlore to hold on to the weapons they had taken from deserting troops.
It's not me against him.
Does your message get muted by some of the well-publicized problems of sports figures?
Joseph Penshorn, 37, chief financial officer for a food company, testified that Mrs. Thorne had grabbed one girl ''forcefully by her waist,'' pulled her down into a seat, yelled at her to ''shut up'' and slapped her on the cheek.
Mr. Fernandez was charged with assault and criminal possession of a weapon, while three of his classmates -- two 15-year-olds and a 16-year-old -- were charged with assault, resisting arrest and rioting, the police said.
Although Mr. Parker once criticized Rex Stout for allowing Archie Goodwin to remain a frisky 32-year-old throughout his 40-year career, Spenser goes Archie one better in ''Small Vices.''
To him, the restaurant was not so much a sign of growing openness as evidence of how closed off to gay people most of China remains.
In his confession, Mr. Rizzo told the police that he struck up a conversation with Stanley on Tuesday evening as the boy rode his bike by Mr. Rizzo's home.
Soviet leaders showed scant concern for matching American military spending, but a constant, consuming fear that the church-backed nonviolent revolution in Poland would spread (as, with Wojtyla/John Paul's help, it did).
Last August, the Food and Drug Administration issued rules that prohibit cigarette vendors from selling cigarettes or smokeless tobacco products to anyone under 18 and require them to verify the age of young customers with photo identification.
Named Bob Murray general manager.
Connecting efforts of climate change: We recognize the importance of accelerating actions on a global level to deal with emissions of greenhouse gases.
Dates and theater to be announced.
Lease for Insurance Broker Frenkel & Company Inc., an international insurance brokerage company, has leased 60,000 square feet, about a floor and a half, at 2 World Trade Center.
ARANTXA SANCHEZ VICARIO, seeded eighth, advanced without difficulty, courtesy of a 6-2, 6-0 drubbing of Indonesia's YAYUK BASUKI.
Besides the Owens-Thomas House itself, a recently preserved carriage house contains an orientation gallery, shop, regional arts gallery and intact urban slave quarters with a display of pottery, furniture and textiles on long-term loan from the Acacia collection of African Americana.
But Dr. Lynn R. Goldman, the assistant administrator for pesticides and toxic substances, said that although scientists have adequate information to screen most drugs, food additives and pesticides, they lack even basic toxicity data for most of the agency's list of about 3,000 industrial chemicals produced in the highest volumes each year, many of them found in consumer products and in the workplace.
Networks can continue to be viable in the current economic environment, but they have to adopt a more corporate appearance, said Patrick Moultrip, the president of T.C.N.
''Obviously a group of unemployed don't want to work,'' he said.
1 pick in next month's National Football League college draft.
No one calls Holyfield ''Champ,'' just Evander or Holy.
People made jokes about our cold house, about our scrappy little farm and our rough life.
After standing with Boris Yeltsin against coup plotters in 1991, he was rewarded with appointment as Governor of the Nizhny Novgorod region -- including the notorious closed city of Gorky, where the troublesome were sent into internal exile.
Mr. Meisner made only occasional comments during exercises, appearing to be concentrating totally.
Jay's other college-age son returns to live at home with him, bringing anger and disorder.
(If you doubt it, choose at random a dozen of your under-30 friends and see how many can name the author of ''The Red and the Black.'')
Loving brother and brotherin-law of M.F.
The first residents have moved in and leases have been signed on over half the units since rentals began in November, said Chris Keegan, Metro's vice president.
Outbreaks have been linked to farm animals, pork sausage, meat paste and raw chicken.
Its stock rose $1.875 a share yesterday, to $24.50.
One leans over and asks, ''So what does your broker say?''
The distance has widened, too, because of the elitist love affair of some performance art with the notion that art necessarily shocks the bourgeoisie.
After that, Murrell may be crying himself to sleep for at least a couple of nights.
''It has nothing to do with the quality of the column.
And his brother, Drew, will continue consulting and opening restaurants all over the world.
An unlikely revolt of students against grades -- not their own, but the ones their colleges and universities get from a national magazine -- is becoming a cause celebre on a growing number of campuses.
He recalls that, at first, six or seven white families still came to the Metropolitan Community United Methodist Church every Sunday and that the ceiling was painted ''blue like the sky with stars and clouds.''
At certain points in the story you wonder whether she's crazy: at the very least she seems a crank; at the same time you are forced to concede that nothing in even her wildest fantasies couldn't be true.
Rockwell, based in Seal Beach, Calif., makes electronics products and transmissions for trucks and buses.
Bob Waldrep, another cult expert, ran into them around the same time in Birmingham, Ala., when they held a meeting there.
Officials familiar with the operations of the intelligence team said that after a clumsy start -- at one point its agents lost track of an important Bolivian drug broker they had under surveillance because they insisted on asking a superior for instructions rather than simply follow him -- it has emerged as probably the most active of all Mexican anti-drug units.
''My mission is to build bridges, to do whatever I can to make sure that we don't come to a violent clash of civilizations,'' Mr. Hofmann said.
The agency's lawyer, Michael Santana, made no objection to granting guardianship.
And Touch Gold also provided a sweet victory for the jockey Chris McCarron.
The doctors and patients on East 60th Street see nothing wrong with doing well by doing good.
''Throughout the year, we must move along at at pace to complete the skills the students need by the second week of May.
In the world of glossy trade magazines and specialist newsletters that chronicle high finance, the acquisition of Institutional Investor by Euromoney would be rather like Newsweek buying Time.
After Trinidad's victory, King, who promoted the Trinidad bout and four other world championship fights at the Garden on Saturday night, called Norris a coward.
Managers and players may be tossed before they finish their first sentences.
She arrived for an interview and took out a peanut-butter-and-jelly sandwich and a beer.
The Skidompha, whose name is an acrostic based on the first letters of the club's original members, is cramped and deteriorated.
The triumph was also an important statement from the Yankees, who did not suffer a letdown following their riveting series against the Mets and continued their unparalleled success at this four-year-old ballpark.
''I've been offered three-year deals and a lifetime deal,'' he said.
''For the sake of your local audience,'' Mr. Markey wrote, ''I hope you will do everything in your power not to balkanize the modified ratings system by simply passing through the flawed rating scheme that NBC is attempting to force you to carry.''
The hard-core fans who go to hear Mr. Schickele present the ''newly-discovered'' works of his alter ego, P. D. Q. Bach, enjoy the jokey rituals of these concerts as much as the music.
This, of course, gives the chef, Jean Luc Kieffer, license to serve not only the food of the southern Indian city for which the restaurant is named but also that of North Africa, Asia, the Caribbean and the South Pacific.
The Iraqis in custody in California include defectors from the Iraqi military who joined the C.I.A.-backed resistance groups, the Iraqi National Accord and the Iraqi National Congress.
Mr. Grenke's ''Humpty-Dumpty'' opened and ended with Kelly Grigsby, a dancer of astonishing momentum who threw herself repeatedly to the floor only to rise up again in a seamless stream of movement.
Crystal, a former consultant who no longer counsels companies, made an exception last year and advised Mr. Eisner on pay issues at Disney.)
The Yankees might already be whispering it.
The club is seeking an injunction in State Supreme Court barring Mr. Guarino from altering its portion of the building.
BOTANICAL TOUR Are any of the vistas and plants captured on canvas by the Moran family about a century ago still around today?
''They tried to pressure every member of the committee,'' she said.
But she does not speak in her own advertisement.
''You get painted with a brush that is possibly of your own making.''
The low voices dominated Sunday's performance.
But before she got to it she sang about love, imploring and crying and boasting.
The best dishes are the least complicated (Reichl).
According to Mr. Vedrine, Mr. Mitterrand rejected the criticism as too astringent, but at a meeting of French-speaking African leaders later in 1990 in the French seaside resort of La Baule, the President made many of them squirm by calling for more democracy, and five years later some had at least made pro forma moves in that direction.
In this case, the welfare state helped them survive here.
Another measure approved by the committee would provide more state money to build magnet and charter schools, which could achieve a more racially balanced enrollment by drawing students from suburban, urban and rural districts.
The evidence will show, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, that it is not true that Lemrick Nelson stabbed Yankel Rosenbaum.
But a settlement is likely to have widespread public support and communities may gradually marginalize the violent groups.
The National Transportation Safety Board said the pilots were in control of the plane and did not know they were flying too low.
Some aspects of rural life do not adjust so quickly to the rhythm of the network economy.
Engineers said it would take only about 10 pounds of force for each astronaut to take hold of his end of the 20-inch-diameter telescope.
Several of those issues -- particularly the Federal shutdown provision -- have been caught up in political wrangling on Capitol Hill.
Teachers in the smaller class reported that they devoted less time to policing their students and more time to teaching.
James C. May, an executive vice president with the National Association of Broadcasters, vigorously disputed Mr. Hundt's interpretation.
Saute the slices with the garlic and thyme until they are golden brown on both sides.
That sounds pretty definitive: the elected boards are toothless.
Morton Owen Schapiro, dean of the College of Letters, Arts and Sciences at the University of Southern California, was more hopeful.
Andreas Nachama, chairman of Berlin's small Jewish community, said he had sent a letter to the state premier, Manfred Stolpe, after Gollwitz, a town 40 miles outside Berlin, said it would not take in the immigrants.
''If it doesn't taste good to me, I wouldn't give it to my customers,'' he said.
Dr. Vonnegut soon established that silver iodide got better results in nucleating clouds than did dry ice.
Washington 30, California 3 Rashaan Shehee ran for 123 yards and two scores and visiting Washington (9th Times, 10th A.P.)
And they have argued that the process of choosing convention delegates favors conservatives.
This anecdote is useful in leading us into a discussion of body image in contemporary dance.
''Perhaps I should have thrown John over my shoulder and loaded him into the car.''
Before the Barnard ceremonies were over, Ms. Hunter-Gault had to dash several blocks downtown, to the Cathedral of St. John the Divine at Amsterdam Avenue and West 112th Street, where she was honored at commencement for master's degree recipients at Teachers College of Columbia University.
''All of this could unravel if the Administration caves in on the tougher air quality standards,'' said David Hawkins, an air quality expert at the Natural Resources Defense Council.
The Eatons' great room, a double-height space with a twig balcony, was modeled on Camp Wonundra, the Upper Saranac Lake camp built for William Rockefeller in the 1930's.
For example, Mr. Bovender said, accounts receivable had not drawn sufficient attention to insure that they were being kept as low as possible.
''They said, 'I could never picture you driving a Cadillac,' '' Mr. Fine recalled.
I have been surprised by how much you have to be involved on a personal level to reach players and how much everyone in the organization wants you to do extra things to represent the team.
Within a couple of hours, he managed to quote, or paraphrase, Mike Nichols, Stanislavski, Paul Newman, Groucho Marx, Ethel Merman and the Greek philosopher Epictetus (''Keep your principles few and simple so you may refer to them at a moment's notice'').
Roberta L. Gross, NASA's inspector general, said, however, that she was still concerned about Mir's safety, based on an assessment she made at Mr. Sensenbrenner's request that was completed last month.
But such a move now might make it a little more difficult to resolve the latest strike.
''What the plaintiffs are really alleging,'' Mr. Mashberg said, ''is that because they perceive sexuality from their particular religious viewpoint, it impacts upon their personal views, and because the course presents sexuality neutrally, without regard to religious doctrine or so-called moral doctrine, it infringes upon their constitutional rights.''
The arena, a combination of renovated existing buildings and new construction, will begin to take shape this spring at South Broad Street, Hamilton Avenue and Route 129 amid a collection of gritty industrial buildings.
Mr. Burgess and the prisoner assaulted in 1994, Abiodun Okegbenro, are both black.
Moreover, the border separating the urban center from the first ring has become porous.
''If we take these steps, how can we keep health, education and public welfare free?''
That was far fewer than previous governors, like Hugh L. Carey, who granted clemency 150 times in eight years.
He, or she, may have been appalled to see a brilliant discovery put to use in the slaughter of marmots.
Now I don't have that trouble.
Retail developers say there is room for more stores, even in the crowded environment of the Nassau Hub, which includes the Source, the 2.4 million-square-foot Roosevelt Field Shopping Center, where a 225,000-square-foot Nordstrom department store recently opened, and 600,000 square feet of retail space at Roosevelt Center, a 2.6 million-square-foot mixed-use development that adjoins the Fortunoff property.
Instead, Sections 250.40 and 400.27 of the Criminal Procedure Law place the decision to seek the death penalty in ''the people.''
Senators 1, Sabres 0 Daniel Alfredsson ended more than 62 minutes of scoreless hockey last night when he beat Buffalo goaltender Steve Shields in overtime to give host Ottawa a 1-0 victory.
THE 100-acre oak and pine forest that Wilbur P. Breslin is bulldozing in Yaphank for a regional shopping mall is visible from the ruined grandstand of the abandoned Parr Meadows quarterhorse track.
Consider three companies whose billion-dollar market values collapsed.
Call 271-8945, 734-1894 or 737-7304 for more information.
Tall and lean with a shock of white hair, black horned-rimmed glasses and a tendency to stammer, at first glance, Mr. Barco hardly seemed the man to set things straight.
Even low-life criminals are upwardly striving in Mr. Swanson's Dallas; those who blackmail Buddy George listen to his motivational cassette tapes and ask him for more and more money.
The problem is not demand, but finding land to build on, Mr. Mayourian said.
She was a joy and treasure who taught by example the fine art of living.
involved in drafting the new rule, said the agency had no alternative but to make marijuana expenses nondeductible.
Lightly sprinkle outside of the chicken with salt.
It was the ballroom dance that might, quite soon, be had on Mars.
The workers live by the rhythm of the traffic.
It will bolster the outlook for H.M.O.
Shares of Lockheed fell 4 7/8, to 99 1/8, while those of Northrop surged 21 1/8, to 110.
There is the broad view of powerful mid-Atlantic waves treated in ''Spectres From the North,'' and the massive history piece, ''Ponce de Leon in Florida,'' which Moran had hoped would be another acquisition for the Capitol.
I wanted and needed more.
He's very funny and he's got a very positive outlook.
But Time Warner had survived antitrust scrutiny when it bought Turner Broadcasting System Inc. last year, and its cable systems do carry MSNBC, a competitor to Turner's Cable News Network, so it seemed likely that Time Warner would win that case, too.
It is not the best living he has done in 48 years.
Mr. Yasin's lawyer said his client returned to the United States to seek treatment for epilepsy.
(201) 567-3600 KELSEY THEATER ''Aladdin and the Wonderful Lamp.''
At Young America, he will be in charge of the sail program.
Today Mr. Kabila arrived in Kigali, the Rwandan capital, for his first official visit with the Rwandan leader, Paul Kagame, since Mr. Kagame caused a dispute between the two men by acknowledging publicly that Rwanda had played a role in supporting Mr. Kabila's rebellion.
Cherished grandfather of Matthew Berman.
Later, in a massive post-game interview room, Robinson, not quite sure what to say, and having so much to say, tried to put the day in perspective.
Reeves wants more toughness, more aggressiveness, more power in Falcons football.
That is the kind of wisdom that Rudy Winston, the father of the novelist Barry Gifford, might have dispensed -- and indeed did.
The Orioles have a healthy division lead over the Yankees, and the Yankees hold a sizable wild-card advantage over Anaheim, six games after last night.
But we've been having some good at-bats, quality at-bats, and really just haven't had any good fortune.
In fact, none of the companies have been charged with wrongdoing by Mr. Piacente.
Between odd jobs on construction sites and making deliveries -- and occasionally investing on others' behalf -- Mr. Jett has acted as his own paralegal, rummaging for anything that might clear his name.
The deduction will increase to 75 percent, or a maximum of $5,625, for 1997, and will reach 100 percent, or a maximum of $10,000, for 1998.
Having been in every sense a woman of the world, she quietly turned her back on it.
Taut, tight and tiny, sweaters no longer fall straight from the shoulders.
With its goal of concluding on Thursday, the Court plans to hand down decisions in all 16 of its remaining undecided cases; perhaps 10 cases that could produce landmark decisions.
He acknowledged that distributed searching of multiple data bases was not a new concept.
The playwright has gone to extraordinary lengths to coherently compress a narratively complex, 700-page novel for the stage of the New York Theater Workshop, where it opened on Wednesday night.
Her father is a senior vice president for marketing at United Asset Management, investment managers in Boston.