But hundreds of rank-and-file employees at Olympus have signed petitions urging the company’s top management to resign and calling for Mr. Woodford to return — a rare uprising in a nation that values company loyalty above all.
In contrast to the Victorian view of women that is still influential today, ancient and medieval writers described women as consumed by lust and sexual desire.
Chua didn’t let her own girls go out on play dates or sleepovers.
After internal calculations of how much the warrants were worth, Mr. Miller helped spearhead a strategy for dealing with banks like JPMorgan Chase and Goldman Sachs.
Mr. Cuccinelli seems unfazed by the backlash.
You’re going to have people in your life who are tricksters.
“It is possible that the exemption will not be effective in the marketplace,” Mr. Bernanke said in recent Congressional testimony, adding that the rule “could result in some smaller banks being less profitable or even failing.” In an effort to block the rule, the industry is mobilizing lobbyists and bankers to write letters and meet with regulators.
These both taste of life beneath a warm blanket as, outside, sleet falls.
Theresa Henderson, an Agora teacher until June 2010 and the mother of four of its students, said she was among faculty members who requested a stronger policy to dismiss students who were not doing their work.
The big question, if Texas decided to follow Oklahoma, would be if the Longhorns’ new television network with ESPN could be folded into the current Pac-12 contract model, a model that includes equal revenue sharing, a conference network and six regional networks.
Protective Glaring I went out with this huge dreamboat a few times.
Screening finds abnormalities that meet the pathological definition of cancer, yet will never go on to grow or cause any symptoms, let alone death.
Available Tuesday, with prices starting at $1,200; solangeazagurypartridge.com.
Most of the time, people will listen to you not just because of the direction you set, but also because of the follow-through and the execution.
The most compelling scenes — a girl with a helmet-cam climbing to the top of a human tower at a circus; a man and his son saying morning prayers before a photograph of an absent woman — are like trailers for films we won’t get to see.
Too many people still think the virtue of women's soccer is women in shorts.
“I tried to sneak in there,” Burress said.
Mitch Daniels of Indiana, is dithering about running for president, had no shortage of stories during her much-hyped speech in Indianapolis last week.
Should her successor take a bolder line than she has?
Last summer, at a programming academy offered by iD Tech Camps , Matthew Dierker, now 17, of Sugar Land, Tex., developed two mobile phone applications.
Officials say that the plan is for Li Keqiang to be prime minister and Wang Qishan (perhaps the ablest of the three) to be deputy prime minister.
I’m not sure what Todd Bowles looks like: I may just ask Jason Taylor to point him out to me so I shake hands with the head coach and not the equipment manager or somebody.
Corporate America is divided over the Wachtell petition.
What the sea so violently ripped away, it has now begun to return.
Sardi’s got an A on its last real inspection back in June.
“People just don’t have the elasticity in their budgets,” said Robert Sinclair Jr., a spokesman for AAA New York.
The Syracuse city clerk followed suit on Wednesday, announcing that his office would also open on July 24.
The company said it had also conducted an extensive review to evaluate whether each product made by McNeil’s own plants and sold in the United States had been made correctly.
During those nights we learned about infomercial inventions, from Snuggies to magicJacks, and discussed their merits and pitfalls each morning.
“There was nobody else doing this as a regular part of the cultural diet of New York,” said John Schaefer, a WNYC radio host.
was dreadful, and the Cardinals are terrible.
You probably won’t, but the tantalizing possibility keeps you playing.
What drove those decisions was not logic but fear — fear of a repeat of September 2008.
“We’re part of the people,” Mr. Rawash said.
Mr. McNall’s “plume-plucked” Richard , swimming in his royal finery, has the aggrieved yet slightly amused nature of a bookish adolescent who has found a magic lamp and wished himself first a kingdom and then the regal vocal cords to match, only to learn too late that there will be no third wish.
The feathers that landed at the bottom of the sea that day were worth, in today’s currency, $2.3 million.
“This came along.” Roger Hine, the company’s founder and now chief technical officer, began working on the project in 2005, when a wealthy friend of his father was looking for a way to track humpback whales, a project that is still going on.
The Gulf Coast League is usually for draftees out of high school and for international signees.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration recently released final data on thefts of passenger vehicles from the 2009 model year, the most recent data available.
*** EXTENDED LIST (WEB ONLY)**** 16.
EXTRA POINT Are there any other teams that could qualify as late blooming?
Don’t be put off by the harsh title of “Pariah,” the stirring coming-out story of a virginal 17-year-old African-American lesbian living in the Fort Greene section of Brooklyn .
He disappeared into hiding, along with his family, and began to help organize the underground resistance in the Tripoli area.
Green retrofits of buildings…represent one of the world’s greatest “greening” opportunities.
“There’s no chance this is going to happen,” says Derek Scissors, an expert on China at the Heritage Foundation, a conservative policy institute in Washington.
(Or it is if the economist doing it is really trying to make sense of events rather than fitting everything into his ideological preconceptions.)
The rise in graffiti has stirred concern among officials who already feared budget cuts would threaten eradication efforts.
Mr. Boehner, this official said, signaled he was willing to allow the extension on the cuts to expire for high-income earners, but he insisted on other measures that would offset the increase in their taxes.
Then they investigate his home.
uniform before a capacity crowd.
At $69 a pound (or $17.25 for a quarter-pound box), Belgique’s pralines are quite expensive, but they are velvety fresh.
He says he has never had a proper job and learned to read only three years ago.
So what’s the problem?” One recent Friday at Hazrat-I-Abubakr Sadiq, a predominantly Afghan mosque in Flushing, Queens, the consensus among the congregants was that Mr. Haye may have the law on his side, but Afghan intransigence, conditioned during decades of war and occupation, was firmly stacked against him.
The lines, Smith wrote in his veto message in 1926, “go around corners and up alleys to escape any portion of the population of Manhattan Island that experience teaches are prone to vote the Democratic ticket.” “It is high time that political parties be given to understand that they cannot make a joke out of the Constitution of this state for the purposes of helping their political organizations,” Smith concluded.
Its TV set sales grew 44 percent, though declining prices ate into profits.
— the technology, at least at the consumer level, remains in CE limbo.
Likewise, Mr. Perry has built a career in Texas that is anything but subtle.
What would that be like?
Indeed, some community advocates fault casinos for what they describe as the unfair focus on the city’s Asian communities.
(“It would be a grudge match, but I’m confident in the Beard.”) About a dozen people asked if he planned to shave it.
A third bedroom is upstairs, and there’s an office above the two-car garage.
On his bad days, he’s belligerent, baiting our family into snapping at him or each other.
“These two ladies are my life,” Mr. Gresham rasped, his first comment in nearly an hour.
It’s not hard to see why Justice Scalia sought what he called “a ‘go away’ principle of jurisprudence,” with no more money changing hands.
IN sharp contrast to Westchester these days, Dutchess County is awash in new home construction — fueled mainly by young families in search of rambling colonials, large backyards and low property taxes.
The teeth often look like they’ve been thrown in there.
(That is where I would go, my friend be damned.
Westport Country Playhouse, 25 Powers Court.
She is survived by her son, John David Treadway-Ritz and granddaughter, Robyn Framme of Richmond, Virginia; and two nieces, Gerry Jordan of McKinney, TX and Kristen Paula Adams of San Marcos, TX.
The head of press walked by me the other day and said: “I got a call from the presidential office.
Unless, of course, it does not.
“Homophobia is an easy way to simplify the message of these churches,” Epprecht said.
Over on the Economix blog , Catherine Rampell is seeking reader comments on an article in Investor’s Business Daily by Alex Tabarrok, an economics professor at George Mason University.
He came back to find that someone else had written Chapter 27.
It can be quite drastic.” On average, a new Eres swimwear collection takes two years.
“If they can satisfy the guarantee of 26 weeks or close to it, that’s good.” But in a later e-mail, he also criticized Mr. Steel for trying to eliminate guaranteed salaries and to pay employees per rehearsal and performance, like “an old-fashioned shape-up on the waterfront.” Under that structure, he said, the company would “not be an opera company worth existing,” and guild members “would not work for that sort of company.” He added, “Steel’s approach is out-and-out stupid and it’s designed to assure that City Opera goes out of business.” The chairwoman of the orchestra committee, Gail Kruvand, a double bassist, was more circumspect.
Her mother, Anne Mansouret, a Socialist, later confronted Mr. Strauss-Kahn and asked why he had attacked her daughter, she told Rue 89, an online newspaper.
“It’s the first time I’ve seen this kind of bombing.” There appears to have been a recent increase in attacks against Shiites, evoking for some the worst days of Iraq’s sectarian warfare in 2006 and 2007, when Sunnis and Shiites killed each other daily.
If there’s one issue that still enjoys bipartisan support in the U.S. Congress these days, it’s that cooperating with Russia on this defensive system would be a swell idea.
Mr. Krajcik wasn’t the only contestant to give a decent performance.
“I found something amazing that will never be repeated again.
A woman sent a statement to The Daily News that said she was the one who had received the photo and that she had never met Mr. Weiner, though she did follow him on Twitter.
The premise: Three guys in their 30s, friends since college, are navigating their love lives and bromances.
But Roberto Gómez, 28, a climber who retrieved part of the Boeing’s fuselage, said it was only a matter of time before they surface as the glacier on Illimani melts.
and National Security Agency, between intelligence agencies and the military, and within the federal government as a whole, is better than ever.
“I was often asked then if it was feminist.
This “choice cuts” menu is a great deal: for $16 to $30, each person gets a healthy-size cut of flesh, plus three vegetables (like roasted carrots, olive-oil smashed potatoes, simmered spinach) and three sauces (anything from a concentrated chicken-y jus to salsa verde to housemade ranch dressing).
Moody’s Investors Service said that rising borrowing costs and a deteriorating economic outlook were putting pressure on France’s creditworthiness.
At the same time, he said, Mr. Diehl brings the required harmonic complexity to tunes that have a spiritual component but fall outside the gospel tradition.
• “We don’t recognize Christmas at all.
Previously, Mr. Saleh had offered to leave by 2013, when his current term ends.
The conservative Daily Telegraph, for its part, emphasized that Ms. Brooks had been surprised by the arrest, even though the meeting had been arranged.
Nevertheless, he says: “A lot of frustration has emerged regarding shareholders’ lack of returns relative to management’s pay packages.
And microlending, the field through which they met in India, where he worked for a microfinance institution and she ran a magazine dedicated to the subject.
The family of Mark A. MacPhail Sr., the Savannah police officer whom Mr. Davis was convicted of killing, waited for closure.
He has not gone on Oprah Winfrey as contemporaries like Kevyn Aucoin and Bobbi Brown have.
That’s in part because vaccines have been so successful that any risk associated with their use, however statistically small, takes on an elevated significance.
People in the Fukushima area are confronting regular levels of contamination in the range of 5 to 10 times what people are normally exposed to in natural background radiation.
Despite Mr. Norton’s disbelief that Mr. Datta could be tangled up in a criminal scheme, Mr. Norton said the millions of dollars his friend was convicted of exchanging for perfume was hard to fathom.
It is not that these parents buy into some of the more lurid accusations out there, like the one floated by a British doctor that all pediatric vaccinations cause some degree of neurologic damage.
“Our employees used to think this was an Illuminati meeting,” he said.
And the two leaders are not an obvious match: although both rose from modest circumstances, Mr. Lee, 69, spent most of his career running a construction and engineering conglomerate.
He was taught from the outset, and still practices today, 20 years later, not just the art of passing a ball but the love of doing so.
That, analysts say, is a crucial reason flash will sooner or later become a mainstream technology in data centers.
The body’s requirement for sodium is very low — only 220 milligrams a day — but the average American consumes more than 3,400 milligrams daily.
American to hold the post, Jeremy’s appointment underscores the president’s commitment to diversity,” said Chad Griffin, a friend of Mr. Bernard’s and a political strategist in California who helped to spearhead a federal lawsuit challenging Proposition 8 , the voter-approved measure that prohibits same-sex marriage in that state.
“They say: ‘We want it to perform this way.
Heightened scrutiny, to be sure, has led these firms, as well as others, to shake up their boards.
Mayor Hideo Kishimoto of Genkai, where the plant is located, has already signaled his acceptance of a restart.
“At least we’re not part of all those people going back for electronics,” Ms. Banks said.
Mr. Sarkozy called for a “framework” of regulation to govern the Internet globally, an initiative that has drawn resistance from Internet companies.
Mr. Butler’s mission has been to seek a solution that will save residents’ lives by first moving them to another camp away from the Iranian border, and then to other countries for resettlement.
“I answered all their questions until they were tired, and then I’ll let them come back to you,” he said.
AMERICAN BANKER 2 European Banks Post Mixed Results | Deutsche Bank reported a profit of $1.1 billion, a big rebound from a $1.6 billion loss a year earlier.
One expects donors’ names at entrance ways and on directional signs and maps.
EGYPT With its leaders jailed, the once-supreme National Democratic Party has already been relegated to history.
She is survived by her daughter Patricia Walton Silver (husband David) of Sag Harbor and New York City and Mike Walton (wife Linda) of Deerfield, Illinois and her three grandchildren Steve, Julie, and Geige.
They tend to be childless and may be estranged from family members, and often live with the enduring stigma that came with being anything but heterosexual in generations past.
One was the rape of the singer Connie Francis in 1974.
“They feel that they can control their future.” DDD and Samasource offer different approaches for how the global economy can be made more inclusive.
2 through 7, shooting a 63 to finish tied for sixth.
requires public companies to notify shareholders of major changes within the organization.
Community colleges indisputably have struggled in recent years as they deal with the dual challenges of increased enrollment and cuts by state legislatures.
His blog, ‘ Dawah Addict ,’ hosts self-made videos on topics ranging from “Muhammad in the Bible” to “How to Become a Muslim.” “When I first became Muslim, and this is something you still hear today, people said, ‘Why aren’t there more Muslims saying terrorism is bad?
tipped him off that he was about to be charged in a major racketeering indictment.
When he shot himself to death in his South Florida home last month, the despondent Duerson, who was 50, fired the bullet into his chest rather than into his head.
Some defenders of the monarchy take extreme positions.
About 75 percent of menopausal women experience hot flashes.
We extend our heartfelt sympathy to her family.
Basically, crime and the cartels are definitely factors, but not necessarily in the way one might expect.
Two innings later, Isringhausen struck out Pujols.
Should I add storage before I put it on the market?
But increasingly, less traditional, more secular Jews who want a festive family feeling are finding that a restaurant Seder fits the bill.
He got Bin Laden and has been on the right side of the Arab Spring — what Timothy Garton Ash has called “the most hopeful set of events in the 21st century so far, comparable in scale and potential to 1989.” Americans respond to that kind of hope.
That “will create a real problem for people who are unable to get information from their foreign banks and then have it processed that quickly,” said Scott D. Michel, a tax lawyer at Caplin & Drysdale in Washington.
Page B3 Sports ALABAMA QUARTERBACK HAS THE ARM TO WIN IT Alabama's quarterback, A. J. McCarron, has the ability to carry the team to victory despite its traditionally risk-averse offense.
Surprisingly, in this instance, a moment’s reflection ought to convince you that no other articulation could have been used to make this point in this way.
Special operations troops routinely work with the C.I.A.
But businesses have expressed concern that the price of electricity could rise because Germany does not yet have enough other sources of energy to compensate.
The Irish lead by 17-7, but this seems familiar.
Republicans in both houses of Congress said Wednesday that they wanted to prevent an increase in Social Security payroll taxes that would otherwise occur in January, but they remained far apart from Democrats on the specifics of how to do it.
Radiologists say one scan or the other is needed depending on the patient’s condition, but rarely both.
But he told ESPN in an interview in June that his time in New York was not always happy, and that his relationship with Coughlin was checkered.
Before he fled into exile in Saudi Arabia on Jan. 14, he had ruled for 23 years.
It also offers financial management for groups that cannot afford their own payroll departments.
But Pistorius, once he gets moving, is a significantly more impressive sight, something that has caused some consternation among those who maintain that his blades provide an advantage.
Fires fed by hot, dry weather are killing enormous stretches of Siberian forest.
Instead of mentioning these sites by name, the Conseil Supérieur de l’Audiovisuel said, news readers should merely say something like, “Follow us in the social media.” Such a line, the agency said, would have an “informative” rather than “promotional” character.
Ninety-six percent of the school’s first incoming class were reading below grade level.
German prosecutors are investigating whether fatty acids intended for industrial use were distributed to animal feed processors.
When he was first told in spring training in Arizona that he would indeed be in a Times puzzle, he reacted in Wilson style, with both bravado and insight.
Wholesale prices, India’s main measure of inflation, rose more than 9 percent in the year through May, much more than analysts had expected.
Understanding this group of people who efficiently control the virus replication and reservoirs, we believe, will be key in our search to attaining a “functional” cure that would allow long-term remission of infected individuals.
Protective mesh fences mark the well-camouflaged nesting sites of one of the region’s biggest natural attractions, the threatened piping plover .
Which brings us to the Indian photos.
A plaid dress of silk fil coupe bore the echoes of Mr. Altuzarra’s early sketches.
The couple met 38 years ago when Mr. Ceppos was teaching English in Paris; Mr. Rambeau was one of his students.
“If he does what he did last year, we’ll be excited,” General Manager Brian Cashman said of Jones , who hit .230 with 19 homers and 48 runs batted in for the White Sox.
Other advertisers in the episode included Red Bull energy drink; a blemish remedy, Zeno Hot Spot; a direct response advertiser, Celtrixa, offering a remedy for stretch marks; the video game “Dead Space 2,” which carries a rating of “M” for “mature” game-players; and the NBA League Pass sold by DirecTV.
Hassan repeatedly yields the floor to the crowd — a colorful cross-section of Moroccan society, from fortunetellers to acrobats and bodybuilders, Tuareg tribesmen to Berber merchants and Gnawa musicians — who have their own versions of what happened that night.
As the ball went in, Lamb thought: “Don’t get hurt.
“I feel I did that.
His passion for the Whitney and American Art led to his appointment to the Whitney Board of Trustees in 1961, as one of the original non-family Trustees.
“This isn’t a time for inaction,” said Mark Toner, a State Department spokesman.
“A breath-catching romantic fantasy about destiny, hope and the search for one’s true self,” according to our reviewer, Chelsey Philpot, this high-speed adventure involves love between angel and demon.
That her delivery was so instantly vivid, so deeply felt, was no accident.
The season, already scheduled to have its premiere on Nov. 27, will show Ms. Kardashian and Mr. Humphries, a forward for the New Jersey Nets of the N.B.A., as newlyweds .
NEW HAVEN Kehler Liddell Gallery ''Seven,'' group show.
The imprint of this rivalry was evident in regional conflicts before the Arab Spring.
Mr. Heertje denies both claims.
The list of contaminants does not include radium, according to a 1999 report by Pennsylvania State University.
Sometimes teams of designers were poorly coordinated and tried to put two pieces of equipment in the same spot.
Who is the “I” who drops into the narrative in chapters called “After,” driving across Germany with a duct-taped man in the trunk of his car?
In recent exhibitions the society has explored some troubling aspects of New York’s past, but the presentations were nuanced and enlarging.
LOSING THE NEWS: The Future of the News That Feeds Democracy , by Alex S. Jones (Oxford University, $16.95.)
Aug. 10 at 5 p.m. $5 and $10.
Officials from the firms declined to comment, citing confidentiality agreements.
But for the dream to come true we have to win this weekend.” Carter, who underwent surgery on his damaged groin and is acting as a sounding board for the All Blacks No.
: The conversation began two years ago between three educators, Tom Whitby, Steven Anderson and me.
They did not take it quietly, with top players, including Davis Love, complaining that the setup turned the tournament into a lottery.
The number of single-family homes started in May rose a modest 3.7 percent.
The fear was spiritual, and not just practical.
Scott Walker, a Republican, was pushing.
Oct. 29 at 8 p.m. $55 to $85.
10 in New Zealand who even comes close to matching the talented 29-year-old.
His reputation was not helped by denying insistently, until days before the start of negotiations on the international bailout, that a rescue was necessary.
The academy’s report faults the F.B.I.
Mr. Wallop, who served in the Senate from 1977 to 1995, had an improbable pedigree for a representative of the expansive American West.
There are some audience-participation moments, including a spectacularly nutty segment built on this formula: one audience member plus one rope plus one paper bag equals one very funny skit.
The service gained attention last fall when Fox programming was blacked out in Cablevision homes for two weeks, causing people to look for alternatives.
Kraine Theater, 85 East Fourth Street, East Village, (866) 811-4111, nynf.org .
Once its courage fails, you wait impatiently for its inevitably tidy windup.
A New York Times article in April helped prompt the N.C.A.A.
And in “Die Drei Zigeuner” (“The Three Gypsies”) the graceful changes of coloration and emphasis that Ms. Kirchschlager brought to each verse were mirrored in Mr. Thibaudet’s account of the thoroughly Lisztian piano line, with its alternating bass figures and proto-Impressionistic water imagery.
Japan is in its first final, but claimed the biggest scalp in the tournament by stunning host Germany in the quarterfinals.
A free weekend stay with your family, m’sieur?
“People have been trying to reform something that works perfectly well,” he said, “as if they had decided that hands were made for walking and that everybody should be taught that.” Think of the American judicial system, in which the prosecutors and defense lawyers each have a mission to construct the strongest possible argument.
But experts say there are limits to how long that buffering effect might last.
She divorced Mr. Connery in 1973 and 12 years later married the playwright Anthony Shaffer, whom she had met while making the suspense film ''The Wicker Man,'' for which Mr. Shaffer wrote the screenplay.
A three-judge panel of a federal appeals court here ruled Monday that the brothers, whose fight over Facebook’s origins was the narrative arc of the Hollywood hit “The Social Network,” cannot back out of a settlement they signed with the company in 2008.
Mr. Clark, he said, “very much looks forward to being a part of it,” and added: “The guy is still the boss.
Here, Mr. Moncada’s bias toward imports worked well: The Italian cheese is creamier than its counterparts and melts into something like fondue, he says.
Social networking has made critics more accessible and increasingly allowed artists and those who cover them to exchange ideas, while retaining necessary distance.
QUOTABLE ''The principal said I'm his boss.
In fact when you visit the Ledge (which 1.5 million visitors do every year), you also find yourself in a series of exhibitions celebrating the city itself.
In some places, the higher temperatures could aid tree growth or cause forests to expand into zones previously occupied by grasslands or tundra, storing more carbon.
Mr. Lute’s comments joined the larger debate now roiling the administration over the impact Bin Laden’s death and the Arab Spring movement has had on Al Qaeda’s core leadership in Pakistan.
The Texans may not be at full strength either.
The bride, 24, and the bridegroom, 25, met at Brown, from which they both graduated magna cum laude.
The public is entitled to know the complete truth.
“We reinvest profits from Rugby World Cup into targeted countries with a view to making them more competitive,” said the I.R.B.
The fans watched the end of the Cardinals game on the new $10 million scoreboard, and the players retreated to their clubhouse for the final out.
Reviewing the musical’s Seattle run, The Stranger wrote : “As much as ‘Spidermann’ pierced the heart of Spider-Man’s self-importance, it relished the dumb bombast in its own way, too.”
Thanks to the rookie wage scale implemented in the new collective bargaining agreement that owner Jerry Richardson played a major role in negotiating, the Panthers were able to invest the excess money they would have spent on Newton back into their players.
My mother told me a story about the first time my father came to the house to take her out on a date.
And why exactly would we trust them now?” asked Melissa Huelsman, a foreclosure defense lawyer in Seattle.
Carly Sullivan, a spokeswoman for the United States attorney’s office in Manhattan, declined to comment on the filing.
Mr. Fawcett expects a growing interest from Asian buyers over the next three or four years because they are increasingly buying homes in London and other parts of Europe.
As such, and despite the Vatican’s statement last year that the pope wants an electric vehicle able to be recharged by solar cells, the new vehicle will not draw energy from celestial bodies.
“This is Ulysses now, this is the United States now, this immigration is happening and the communities that are extending a hand are going to survive.” After years in which mostly white communities throughout the region used gimmicks to lure new residents with limited success, like offering free land or lengthy tax abatements, many are wondering if this unexpected multicultural mix offers one vision of what the future of the rural Great Plains may look like.
E. L. Doctorow likens his writing process to driving at night, when you can see only as far as the headlights illuminate (a film noir image if ever there was one).
The Dodd-Frank financial regulatory overhaul was supposed to be a victory for those who deplore high executive pay when it is not justified by company performance.
And one American non-profit, Acumen Fund , is already supporting Jamii Bora , the microfinance organization that gave Jane her boost.
April Looking to get away from the Everest base camp scrum?
“I invited the cute gay poets right away,” Mr. Dimitrov said.
He stands outside Dodger Stadium greeting fans numbed by the Frank McCourt era.
So you’ve got three festivals with varying degrees of aesthetic control.
One recent Saturday, Mr. Gil’s team, composed mostly of players from his hometown, Medellín, faced the team hailing from Pereira, Colombia.
I felt eerily comfortable in the Stingray, which imparted a vague sensation of déjà vu.
Mr. Veretelny was wounded when he tried to retrieve the body of Mr. Komar, which he said hung on an armored vehicle as it roared forward and back trying to dislodge a trolley bus that had been moved to block its path.
If we play our best and lose, I have no problem.
The front of last year’s debut from Broken Bells — a single image of a pinkish ball that looks made of papier-mâché — is strikingly direct.
Jan Rosenberg, the president of Brooklyn Hearth Realty, expects new tenants soon: a coffee shop, and a new branch of a popular nearby Thai restaurant called Am-Thai Kitchen.
Researchers at the International Monetary Fund have recently put together a comprehensive report on how developed countries have tried to cut deficits in the last three decades.
rules as proposed (and as will be enacted) are exceedingly lengthy and complex, a time-honored recipe for loopholes.
But the impact of the design has less to do with that idea, which is not novel after all, than with the striking contrast it presents with the older galleries, which remain largely unchanged from the early days.
A thorough washing is especially important for melons.
Born in New York City, he was the son of the late Nouche Lucien-Robert and George L Degener Jr.
This isn’t just a theoretical matter.
At 11:30 a.m. and 1:30 p.m., with an additional 3:30 p.m. show on weekends; there is no 1:30 show this Saturday.
(Anderson) ★ PS1 Warm Up (Saturday) The terribly trendy dance party ekes out a few last summer rays with Tanlines, a Brooklyn pop duo of lilting tropicalia melodies, African percussion and tidy, club-ready synths.
Manage expectations and stay in the news in early February, competing in caucuses so as to facilitate these goals.
Instead, they chose to weigh in on one of the most combustible issues in American politics.
About the Best Sellers: These lists are an expanded version of those appearing in the July 31, 2011 print edition of the Book Review, reflecting sales for the week ending July 16, 2011.
The stricken Japanese complex housed six reactors in close proximity; explosions, fires and radiation spread damage among four of them and has made rescue efforts harder.
Then I stopped getting return phone calls to voice mails.
In a speech prepared for delivery to the Security Council, Portuguese delegate Vasco Viera Garin charged that the Soviet Union inspired the move by 42 Asian-African nations and Yugoslavia to ask for Council consideration of the Angola situation.
Still, “The Addams Family” performed strongly at the box office , helped along by the drawing power of its stars Nathan Lane and Bebe Neuwirth, who played Gomez and Morticia Addams.
“They’re a great defensive team,” Mack said.
The study made him only more concerned.
Representative Tom Reed, a Republican from upstate New York, who led the House effort, said, “Dealing with this national debt is one of the primary reasons why I ran for Congress — to stop the endless borrowing of Washington, D.C., on the backs of our children and our grandchildren.” He said the debt was a “threat to national security.” Four House Democrats have introduced a bill to eliminate the statutory cap on the public debt.
One of the basic duties of any brokerage firm is to keep track of customer accounts on a daily basis.
(AP) TIMBERWOLVES 109, WIZARDS 97 Kevin Love had 35 points and 11 rebounds and Darko Milicic had 14 points and 11 rebounds to keep Washington winless on the road.
“When you put that mask on, you go places you would never imagine,” Mr. Taylor said.
But they would have had very mixed feelings indeed when, in 1912, imperial China became a thing of the past.
Public health advocates worry that the new laws will stall a movement among cities and counties that are putting in place a wide range of policies and tools aimed at stemming the rising tide of obesity among their residents.
An awkward moment inspired Blueprint, new table linens by Marianne van Ooij.
Nov. 30 at 8 p.m. $40.
Kicking Daisies, which began in the Kalafus family’s basement in Milford in 2008, includes Caitlin’s singer-bassist sister, Carly, 15, with whom she writes songs; Duran Visek, 15, a singer and guitarist; and another guitarist, Ben Spremulli, 14.
... Justin Masterson struck out nine against his former team, helping Cleveland to a 7-3 win at Boston.
Some researchers, analyzing computer forecasts that are used to advise governments on future crop prospects, are pointing out what they consider to be gaping holes.
He and President Obama made a joint appearance at a Miami school last month.
In 1952, she became the first editor whose books won both the Newbery (for writing) and Caldecott (for illustration) in the same year.
“He was born a Cajun Catholic, then became a Mormon and later an evangelical Christian,” Mr. Howard said of his friend.
DE LA MERCED The mood in the room quickly turned frosty as shareholders lined up at two microphones to push the company on governance and vent frustrations with the company’s performance.
Updated, 3:19 p.m. | This post has been updated with an interview with the man’s employer.
“What’s happening to Belgium won’t ever happen to Italy,” said Giuliano Amato, a former prime minister who is the anniversary committee chairman.
Two days after that episode, Mr. Kashef was told he could go free.
Independents make up 40 percent of registered voters here.
For Answers, go to the original review .
It has organized events with students and women, and volunteers have made more than 250,000 calls from phone banks and collected more than 35,000 “I’m in” cards from Pennsylvanians pledging support, campaign officials said.
So, rather than immediately play a spade to her queen and ruff a spade, South led dummy’s last club.
“Analysts estimate that the actual net exposure is meaningfully lower,” the talking points read.
Though smaller than a conventional blockbuster, this show is a powerful declaration of faith — not just Rembrandt’s faith in Jesus, but our own faith in the secular authority of Rembrandt’s hand.
“The only poll that counts is the one tomorrow,” Mr. Weprin said as he campaigned on Monday.
Its international airport, just outside the capital city of Ljubljana, is in the midst of a 10-year expansion that will further reveal this often overlooked Slavic country to the world.
It has become a kind of museum piece, performed for too long without change.” And though Mr. Hosokawa’s music unfolds gradually, it juxtaposes sharply with the darting movements of the dancers: a deliberate decision by Ms. Waltz.
Pierre Ménat, 60, was replaced by Boris Boillon, 41, an Arabist who is now ambassador to Iraq.
The measures were a sign that lawmakers here are skeptical that President Obama can reach his goal of passing anytime soon a broad immigration overhaul, which would include giving legal status to millions of illegal immigrants.
Ms. Thompson noted: “New York is still hung over from the ’80s on those cheesy, strangled pincushion arrangements without any foliage and that everyone blames on the French.
“It’s unfortunate that one person is driving the narrative during the time when we have 15 million unemployed,” Mr. Huntsman said on CNN.
And increasingly, those who cannot afford both types of phones choose their cellular phone.
A senior Roman Catholic prelate in Ireland said Tuesday that the church would arrange for victims of clergy sexual abuse in one diocese to meet with the bishop who was in charge of it when hundreds of abuse complaints were kept secret.
Throughout Goldfield’s book, one sees the present peeping through the past.
On Sept. 15, in a letter to all bishops in the United States, he urged members of the Catholic clergy to speak out on the problems of poverty and unemployment.
And if you cared about baseball in Morris’s era, you probably wanted him on the mound when it mattered.
She and her mother, Anna, short on sentiment, sold it in 1927, and the mansion made way for the apartment house now known as 960 Fifth Avenue.
So far at least, Treasury yields remain extremely low and prices, which move in the opposite direction, are quite high, a sign that the markets are convinced that this crisis is a nonevent.
Mr. Silva, a war photographer, was racing a little more than 12 months after stepping on a mine in southern Afghanistan and losing his legs .
That won’t happen for the Packers until very late.
But Mr. Biden, officials said, has been an influential voice in dealing with the upheaval in the Arab world, because he has dealt with many of the players as chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
We were unhappy that two of our staff members were swept up in the police operation, but we appreciate the N.Y.P.D.’s decision to release them.” Perhaps the press management had its effect.
“Their stuff is not always consistent.” She agreed the taste was off and swapped it for a new one.
In recent years, many straight people have admirably pledged not to get married until gay people have the right to do so nationwide.
Several cities in Michigan have emergency financial managers appointed by the state, for example, and in New York, a state board seized control of Nassau County’s finances last month.
5 Horatio Street (West Fourth Street), (212) 929-3917; 8 Rivington Street (between Bowery and Chrystie Street), (212) 673-3209 .
The dogs were owned by Howling Dogs Tours Whistler, a company controlled by Outdoor Adventures.
The title’s dark underbelly becomes apparent only in the film’s indelible final moments, which function as shorthand for the destructiveness of an entire regime.
Tears of sadness flowed as I saw the names and photos of former colleagues on the screen.
Some Thanksgivings we spend on the road to Mom and Dad’s old Tubac, Ariz., home — me, Duke and Dexter, as always.
Djokovic has had one of those seasons that borders on magical, and has been nearly invincible on hardcourts.
“I do interpret this election as one where people were saying: ‘Knock it off!
Second, last season the Cavaliers outscored their opponents by an average of 6.5 points per game.
“Any vessel that is there with a militia we will take it down,” he warned.
Another big change is planned.
Dark and sloe-eyed, “she epitomized the perfect beauty,” he said.
(The authors did note a positive effect for math homework.)
One official, speaking on condition of anonymity, because he was not authorized to discuss the negotiations, said the city could expect to lose about $3.5 million in revenue next year, and several times that amount in the future.
It's man-cave ready with full HD, an LCD screen and four HDMI inputs.
Late in the work, Dylan Crossman propelled Ms. Weber in a thrilling line of rapid hops across the stage as she held one of the choreography’s grand, sculptural shapes.
(Anderson) Jeffrey Broussard and the Creole Cowboys (Saturday) Just try to dislike a man who bedazzles his own accordion.
The visual element, the challenge of making a very precise fly presentation, are both very compelling.
That accounting measure helps flip Demand’s financial results for the better.
Piniella let his first-base coach do the driving as they hit the road for a late-season series against the Reds.
Tight end Dallas Clark had an unenviable matchup with the Texans’ best pass rusher, Mario Williams, drafted specifically to get to Manning.
Lord Chief Justice Igor Judge, Britain’s most senior judge, said in a report issued Friday that people who flout injunctions online could be liable.
The president’s request to speak in front of Congress on a certain date was rejected for the first time in history.
The history of the building is a fascinating narrative of on-again-off-again city planning.
If you haven't seen it, you should.
The confidential report was commissioned by Weill Cornell after The Times’s 2008 article and other revelations about the study in the newsletter The Cancer Letter .
“He’s got so much raw talent and he’s still learning, but he’s a really kind horse with common sense.” In the Matz barn, Wyeth is regarded kindly as a character.
Eventually he found puppet immortality, as the voice of Elmo.
Actually, I don’t blame anyone.
To break the political deadlock, Portugal is set to hold a general election on June 5.
I like their architectural quality.
Hence, the increased emphasis on blending proven talents and the rising generation Ferguson hopes will up the tempo.
What in my view is irrefutable — given the extraordinary success and satisfaction of Wellesley graduates — is that women’s colleges are a vital and vibrant part of the educational landscape and should be offered to all young women as a choice.
Soon they were making more treks back and forth between Texas and Colorado Springs, where he had bought a large house.
In December, a federal appeals court ruled that electronic cigarettes should be regulated as tobacco products by the F.D.A.
Tim Kaine , the chairman of the Democratic National Committee , announced Tuesday that he would run for the Senate in Virginia, setting up a clash in 2012 between two former governors in an important swing state.
Lower volume ahead of the Christmas and New Year’s Day holidays has left the market susceptible to heightened volatility this week.
Today we write things down precisely so we don’t have to remember them, but through the late Middle Ages, books were thought of not just as replacements for memory but also as aides-mémoire .
Vanessa Mercado, the after-school program manager at the Inwood Academy for Leadership charter school , said that when she attended Catholic school, she never had a sex-education class.
Aleksei A. Chesnakov, who was a key domestic political strategist throughout Mr. Putin’s presidency, said Mr. Putin, Mr. Medvedev and United Russia had all lost support as the result of the prolonged uncertainty about which man will become president.
“I don’t believe the differences are that significant that we can’t do this for a whole year,” Mr. Boehner said.
“We believe expanding this effort to the whole city becomes even more important as ward boundaries are set to change later in the year,” said the spokesman, Matt Smith, referring to an upcoming ward remap.
Go to the end of town and take a right.
Thursday at 7 p.m. $5 and $6.
Analysts estimate the company has sold about two million of the devices.
J. R. Hildebrand , a 23-year-old rookie, had much more on his mind around midafternoon Sunday than just completing one smooth turn that would have won the Indianapolis 500.
But several officials who loudly opposed Mr. Spitzer’s measure four years ago did not hesitate to criticize the new bill on Wednesday.
The United States and Japan have an extradition treaty that includes fraud and embezzlement, so those offenses could also be the “specified unlawful activity” for a money laundering case.
“Movie Review: Martha Marcy May Marlene” [Theo] Epstein agreed to a five-year contract as president for baseball operations for the Chicago Cubs, whose history is every bit as star-crossed as the Red Sox’ was before he took over.
At least on the things that they can resist.
I checked back with Olmert about the question of the holy basin, and he replied, “The exact lines were not drawn, but I believe it could easily be agreed.” THE RIGHT OF RETURN Olmert is a lawyer and appreciates, he told me, the usefulness of “constructive ambiguity.” With regard to Palestinian refugees — as many as five million people descended mainly from those 750,000 who lost their homes in the 1948-49 war — it was crucial, he said, “to come up with a formula that allowed each side its own interpretation.” Olmert agreed to allow 5,000 Palestinians to return to Israel proper, 1,000 a year for five years — each applicant to be reviewed by Israel, and each accepted “for humanitarian reasons.” As “an integral part” of this offer, Olmert said, there would be a signing statement that strongly emphasized how repatriation of any refugees would be carried out “in the spirit of the Arab League peace initiative of 2002.” That initiative stipulates “a just solution to the Palestinian refugee problem to be agreed upon in accordance with the U.N. General Assembly Resolution 194.” And U.N. 194 resolves that “the refugees wishing to return to their homes and live at peace with their neighbors should be permitted to do so at the earliest practicable date, and that compensation should be paid for the property of those choosing not to return and for loss of or damage to property.” Olmert suggested in addition that the peace plan include strong wording to the effect that “Israel is sensitive and is not indifferent to the suffering of Palestinians who lived in what became Israel and were forced out of their homes as a result of the conflict and then lived in misery for years.” He added that there should be some wording recognizing also the suffering of Jews from Arab countries who were forced out of their homes after 1948.
We’re seeing a demand and a shortage of inventory of both rentals and sales.
Nancy Everhart, president of the American Association of School Librarians, whose membership has fallen to 8,000 from 10,000 in 2006, said that, on the contrary, the Internet age made trained librarians more important, to guide students through the basics of searching and analyzing information they find online.
stumbled to a 10-2 finish.
Consequently, her stories develop in lateral maneuvers.
Mr. Hamrick quickly moved on to questions about the candidate’s tax plan and his reasons for running.
We’ve talked about it as a group, and anybody can handle stuff when it’s going easy.
passing game accounted for just 30 yards, but the third phase of the game, special teams, was key for the Tigers.
In 1924, Kauffer published a book “The Art of the Poster” in which he traced the poster’s history from ancient Chinese reliefs and Byzantine mosaics, to the 19th-century Japanese prints that had inspired the Impressionists.
Meanwhile, in a study of more than 5,000 3-year-olds, girls with older brothers had stronger spatial skills than both girls and boys with older sisters.
In a separate report, the Commerce Department said wholesale inventories increased 1.6 percent in October after gaining 0.3 percent in September.
Organizers are expecting about 500 people toting lawn chairs, blankets and picnic lunches.
Meanwhile, in Bazine, the numbers have increased to 46, up from 35.
More realistically, there is Sant Ambroeus on Madison Avenue at 78th Street, where you can secure pasta in the mid-$20 range and a sense of whether and how much you would enjoy having the money to eat more.
It was organized at his urging, after a series of meetings last spring and summer at which the then-candidate pressed business leaders to take a more aggressive role in Albany.
The Star-Ledger reported that it was later revealed that Britt was wanted in connection with two outstanding warrants from the Tennessee Highway Patrol.
The challenges on the division’s plate include continuing an expansion into infant apparel and merchandise under the banner Disney Baby.
Weaver said he spoke with Del Rio on Tuesday morning.
The firm said that it had also named three outside directors to its board: Paul J. Fribourg, the chairman and chief executive of Continental Grain; A.
Even as they play an increasingly vital role in American higher education — enrolling more than eight million students nationwide last fall, a 20 percent jump since the fall of 2007, just before the start of the recession — community colleges are routinely failing to provide enough athletic opportunities to women, as required under Title IX, the federal law banning sex discrimination in education.
Then, through a process of selective breeding, they studied the descendants of the supercharged males.
; two brothers, Brian, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., and Kevin, of North Reading, Mass; two sisters, Sheila Norton, of Acton, Mass., and Kathleen Kelly, of Lawrence, Mass.
CAPE MAY The Inn of Cape May Breakfast With Santa, a family breakfast buffet at which children can visit Santa and hear stories.
The roof of the mouth is the “palate.” ••• When Barack Obama burst onto the scene, his lithe frame signaled youth and energy and modernity.
''Responsible lending to these borrowers is not only acceptable, but also provides a source of credit and purchasing power for these customers,'' said its general counsel, John Finneran, above.
We are in our mid-30s, into art history and love to ride bikes.
“I think it definitely warrants a look from the Federal Election Commission and perhaps the Department of Justice.” Such a corporate shell, some experts said, could also potentially shield foreigners who wished to make contributions to an American campaign.
Mr. Hernandez, in an e-mail, said: “We spend over $3 million to develop and produce each of our four collections.
There he played alongside the PGA Tour players John Cook, John Mallinger, John Merrick, Peter Tomasulo and Paul Goydos.
“It’s a hard day,” the RadioShack team director, Alain Galopin, told Reuters.
Survived by her daughter Barbara Kislak, her grandchildren Pamela, Valerie and Andrew, and her great-grandchildren Max, Tabitha, Zachary and Eliza.
“But do you want Facebook and Google to know where you’re going?” As for Facebook’s crackdown on Mr. Rushdie, the company would not explain how it happened but admitted it was a mistake.
I want you to be the next mayor.
Construction of the 110,000-square-foot hangar and terminal is nearing completion.
He said he recently looked down at his BlackBerry and saw an e-mail sent from himself.
What’s the mechanism behind these traits?
President Dmitri A. Medvedev of Russia , whose country has opposed the NATO effort, raised the possibility that Moscow might recognize the rebel administration but called for negotiations to end the fighting.
But the French-style Harry Winston store of 1960, at Fifth Avenue and 56th Street, now shrouded in netting, is a ramble through a century of architectural history.
“They’re living life how a kid is supposed to live,” she said.
Primarily, cars would need to do a better job of protecting heads in side-impact crashes.
With a grant from the National Football League, Dr. Saxon will study one unnamed N.F.L.
He noticed a “for sale” sign on what had been a phone company garage.
“I think I got my point across.” Mr. Stern smiled as if the applause were for him and continued with his prepared remarks.
Now, thanks to $8.2 million in grants from the Evolution Education Trust, the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation, the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, and the Isaac Newton Trust, the entire collection will be published in full by 2022.
When she does give birth, it is to an undernourished, underweight child with a low level of immunity.
Even lacking certainty about facts, what emerges as the Cain story unfolds is a picture of a man with significant deficits in terms of temperament, judgment and, potentially, veracity.
(Sulcas) John Byrne (Wednesday) “The Transcending Form,” a dance fable rooted in modern dance and gesture, explores ideas of life, afterlife and the soul in a production that incorporates a figurative photo installation by David LaChapelle.
The Veterans Affairs and Defense Departments must adopt comprehensive overdose prevention policies, including dispensing naloxone — an overdose antidote — directly to service people who are prescribed narcotics and to their families.
Archives: Look of the Moment >>
The disclosure comes as Mr.
But in some sense they need each other to win re-election.
And in anticipation of its move there in 2015, the museum has cooked up a series of six back-to-back permanent-collection shows at its present location.
The expansion into an institute will allow the program to accept about 80 students, he said.
As the gravity of his illness became known, and particularly after he announced he was stepping down, he was increasingly hailed for his genius and true achievement: his ability to blend product design and business market innovation by integrating consumer-oriented software, microelectronic components, industrial design and new business strategies in a way that has not been matched.
At the mother’s request, I have had nothing to do with the girl, though I offered to tutor her.
A Citibank spokeswoman declined to provide details on precisely when the chip cards would be made available, or to discuss whether the chips would be offered on less-pricey versions of the Citi AAdvantage card.
Myth has it that John Gaines garnered widespread support from his fellow horsemen when he announced at a 1982 Kentucky Derby week news conference that seven races with huge purses, culminating in the $3 million Breeder’s Cup Classic, by far the richest race in the world at that time, would be run consecutively in one place on one afternoon before a world-wide live television audience.
“The way he ran in the Derby,” he said of Animal Kingdom’s two-and-three-quarters-length victory.
Lighthouse Point Park, Lighthouse Road.
The balance of the program, Liszt’s “Préludes” and Brahms’s Symphony No.
Mr. Quattrone of Qatalyst backed up his client’s story in an e-mailed statement on Thursday, acknowledging that his firm had prepared and sent the slides to Mr. Hurd, as part of an independent pitch to Oracle.
He and other doctors said they were also worried about whether they would be free to use surgery and drugs to treat ectopic pregnancies, which can be fatal for the woman.
All you need to do is wander over to the N.B.A.
She gave it a thumbs up.
So, about that nonsense: this week the House is expected to pass H.R.
It is fitting that Eric Schmitt and Thom Shanker, veteran security correspondents for The New York Times, begin and end their insightful new book about United States counterterrorism efforts with this triumph.
Does Ms. Dean think of more areas to conquer, like moving images, now that Vmagazine and Vman have already been spun off from Visionaire?
Based on how long it takes for the driver to touch the Pilot and silence the alert, it gauges the level of fatigue.
“In general, the likelihood of landslide occurrence increases during wet cycles in which there are more wet years than dry years and periods of successive wet years,” he said.
Wary of committing a large number of troops, the United States has sought to use more diplomatic and development tools than military force in Africa.
For Alito, there is nowhere else to be.
With a staged troop withdrawal beginning this summer, it will be up to those who succeed Mr. Gates and Admiral Mullen to manage that process, while dealing with an officers corps that is trying to slow the pace.
Forget about pinstripes; he is dressed in jeans and a work shirt.
Know It Nothing (51 Haji Lane; 65-6392-5475; knowitnothing.com ) showcases mostly men’s clothes like checked shirts, well-cut khakis and hats (all chosen for the balmy climate), as well as a more limited just-launched women’s line.
Their mere existence should be interesting, even if the imprint is faint.
Mr. Perry has reaped the rewards of being the freshest candidate in the Republican presidential race.
Imagine if Cervelli had done that after his home run off of John Lackey on Tuesday.
In that case, the police executed a search warrant on Mr. Taylor’s house after getting a tip from the cable man.
For Shell, “earnings and cash flow should greatly improve over the next few years,” said Brian M. Youngberg, an oil analyst at Edward Jones.
It won’t have anything to do with the stance; it won’t say anything about a stance.
The key: “not caring if you have to throw out a batch.” “Mountain News and World Report” provides in-depth reports on issues important to the region, with a recent broadcast on solar energy, protests against strip mining and a proposed crackdown on illegal immigrants.
“At 25 meters, if you are a decent shot,” Mr. Dyke says, “you can put it into a bull’s-eye that is the size of a quarter.” The Bushmaster brand began to grow in the 1980s after the company started supplying its semiautomatics to police departments.
That May I got a visa to Syria , just as Hama had been reopened.
It pays lip service to the female game; there is even a 16-nation Women's World Cup coming in Germany in June and July.
At other times he bellows and stamps around, ranting on the pulpit of the church he has built back home and haranguing his loyal Sudanese lieutenant, Deng (Souleymane Sy Savane).
He co-authored The Lexington Democratic Story and You, Your Child and Drugs.
But unknown to the poor souls stuck outside, the hardest-to-crack clubs offer another, more exclusive way in: a permanent guest list that allows super V.I.P.’s to waltz in anytime.
Yet my unease stemmed from more than the school.
The ad was scheduled to be shown Wednesday during “Good Morning America,” “Dr.
Maybe the Bay Area mavericks did serve physics in a smaller way: by helping to bring its fascination to the masses.
You’re 92 years old, for goodness sake.
The latest financial market convulsions have been tough for almost everyone, including traders caught on the wrong side of another big swing and pained everyday investors watching their dwindling holdings go down and up — and down again.
On Dec. 13, 1996, he had his last cigarette and began to rebuild.
These systems have deep cultural roots, and regulators have generally tolerated them, despite frowning on price-fixing in other forms.
Hazel studied and worked with Drs.
That means the Magic could jettison Arenas and the $62 million left on his contract (although they still have to pay him).
In May 2008, Mr. Tornes said he had $195 in his account and made two debit purchases, for $8 and $13.
He picked up a phone and called a golf writer in Miami to reveal that Nicklaus had fired him and had offered him a job picking up range balls at a North Palm Beach golf course — at minimum wage.
“We are all going to have to get used to a man calling a man a husband,” she said.
Then, suddenly, a security official climbed on.
At St. Paul's, this lesson was missed by everyone who didn't back Canon Fraser's invitation to the demonstrators to join the service -- a failure made more acute by the fact that the protesters weren't even raising their placards against the church but were merely using it as backdrop.
SORIANO THROWS IN GAME Joe Girardi said that Rafael Soriano, who started for Class A Tampa on Thursday night, could rejoin the team late next week provided he can throw in back-to-back games Sunday and Monday.
In outline the story told in “Terri” could not be more familiar: A misfit high school student, isolated and misunderstood, finds companionship with other oddballs, as well as a measure of self-acceptance.
Italy was the only major European country in which productivity stagnated in the last decade.
A little-known Republican businessman from Queens , channeling voter discontent with President Obama into an upset, won election to Congress on Tuesday from the heavily Democratic district in New York City last represented by Anthony D. Weiner .
It established affirmative action for Dalits and tribal people in politics and government jobs and education.
Let us know what you think.
MORRISTOWN Macculloch Hall Historical Museum Hub Hollow, blues and bluegrass.
His Twitter account has 460,000 followers.
You can call on me.
“We are in a tough situation and we all understand it doesn’t matter who’s on the field.
In an interview before Mass last week, he noted that in the last year or so, a youth had been shot in the head, just across from the church, and that a restaurant security guard was murdered only a few blocks away.
See all of our Photos of the Moment | Runway slide show
Botta: Let me jump in here and tell the readers that Jeff really does say things like “Aye.” Klein: I think Richards, one of the best assist men playing the game today, can establish a potent partnership with Gaborik and feed him plenty of goals.
But grilled romaine salad and croutons with blue cheese dressing and dense, rich, house-made lamb bacon is a fine, if unlikely, melding of smoke and lettuce.
Williams arrived soon after and found a small community that farmed cotton and was centered on the high school.
Mr. Rehberg, who is running for the Senate seat held by Jon Tester, a Democrat, said in an interview.
“I never thought of myself as a good singer,” Ms. Holloway said in 2009.
On a project in Pakistan, he said, he ordered an unusual dish off the hotel menu despite getting, “Are you sure you should do that?” looks from his boss.
The workers’ role grew in the days before Mr. Mubarak stepped down, as strikes involving thousands of workers spread across the country.
My failure until now had been a secret shame.
Fannie Mae would no longer do business with Taylor Bean, but there was still Ginnie Mae as well as the other government-sponsored enterprise, Freddie Mac .
This performance was admirably led by Tiler Peck and Joaquin De Luz.
The Steelers’ Ryan Clark said Vincent had “absolutely” lost his credibility with the players.
Just because Norman Rockwell painted us at the dinner table is no reason we can’t celebrate it elsewhere.
But their scenes together, if sweet enough, aren’t particularly convincing or moving.
Yet India is also experiencing what one observer has called a “churning” period, as public frustrations are boiling over about poor roads, shoddy schools, inflation, rising inequality and the pervasive reach of official corruption.
Newark’s school superintendent, Clifford B. Janey, who is to step down early next month, said Wednesday that he wanted to pursue other career opportunities without having to worry about giving less attention to his duties.
[Gothamist] A sculpture in Tompkins Square Park was uprooted only days after its installation.
They vowed to set the edge against him, to funnel him inside, and to finish their tackles with conviction.
When Ms. Bensouda becomes the world’s most visible prosecutor for a single nine-year term, she may bring a change of style with her soft-spoken, low-key manner — a sharp contrast to her more publicity-conscious boss, who succeeded in quickly thrusting the new institution into the limelight after it opened its doors in 2002.
The next year, the player-turned-promoter Bobby Riggs persuaded her to join a co-ed barnstorming circuit featuring Pancho Segura as well as Kramer and Moran.
When the Chicago Board of Education meeting changed into a mutual admiration society on Wednesday, the members resembled fatigued relief workers celebrating after slightly diverting a flood.
It’s an extended essay about what happens when art and life meet not because it’s a cool idea, but because they have no choice: they either join forces or lose everything.
Given our recent history, we come by that fear honestly.
I offered the drawn game.
He said, “I’m against capital punishment, but it was good that Eichmann was executed.” I said: “Not even him.
Should the fact that Mitt Romney and Jon Huntsman are Mormons influence how we think of them as candidates?
“Every young coach, in my opinion, should take a lesson from him, not some of this other stuff going on,” Meyer said.
Victor did it for a while, and he got the movie.
This summer, McEnroe said he saw “real improvement in Isner’s tennis game” for the first time.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY BROWN HARRIS STEVENS)
That is not the case for Apple apps, or Android apps offered by Amazon.
Among the narrowest occurred here last Wednesday, when two men working in an accounting office on the second floor of a 120-year-old brick building here on Main Street heard creaking noises.
“Like the experiment, this became our personal experiment.” They walked around “some random Roman church” before having dinner, she said.
The Knicks’ win was even more crucial with a daunting Western trip beginning Friday.
report calls “recreational activities.” The academics also omit particularly damning statements by defendants that Mr. King includes.
“I don’t know,” he answered.
And I have to say this was no ''Groundhog'' moment.
Citigroup, meanwhile, continues to carry out its auction of EMI.
3) Get to know them: Animals often find being stared at intimidating - and to them the camera can look like a big unblinking eye.
“Greece should enhance its privatization effort, which is key to reducing debt,” the Dutch finance minister, Jan Kees De Jager, said Tuesday in a statement, reiterating his proposal to set up “an independent, international body to manage these assets.” The issue of setting up an outside body to manage privatization is highly sensitive in Greece because it suggests a new surrender of economic sovereignty.
Israeli officials say that a United Nations vote in favor of Palestinian statehood based on the pre-1967 boundaries could set back peace negotiations for years, because no Palestinian leader would be able to accept anything less than what the United Nations accepts.
And even without such changes, some current nominations for Medals of Honor are as deserving as recipients from wars past, they argue.
“The conduct of McCrudden was way beyond mere speech.
“I came to see if their bodies were here,” said Ms. Meirelles, 55, holding the side of an abandoned popcorn cart in the town square for support.
“We are like conjoined twins with one heart and one brain,” Dr. Abuelaish said in a telephone interview from Canada, where he is now an associate professor in women’s health at the University of Toronto.
It's never the main problem anyway; tension in the body is far worse.
I asked Dr. Chapman, who holds a Ph.D. in adult education, if he was ever concerned that his views lacked academic underpinnings.
until weeks after the offering, raising questions about disclosure, The Wall Street Journal’s Heard on the Street writes.
The move takes advantage of those strengths.
Washington IF you were to conduct a survey of the country’s top economists, you would find a fair number who did not believe that the Federal Reserve should be taking more aggressive steps to help the economy.
A French-Turkish architect designed the compound at the height of the belle époque, intending it as a casino hotel for rich men and their alluring companions.
The eyes are really what I liked most about it.
They even considered an operation to enter the San Francisco offices of The Wall Street Journal posing as a cleaning crew in order to snoop.
Only 20 percent could wait the full 15 minutes, even for double the reward.
It included Edward Hopper, Grant Wood, Thomas Hart Benton and other lyrical 20th century realists, and, in the work of Arthur Dove, it dipped one toe tentatively into abstraction.
“And maybe something for ourselves,” said the woman, who gave her name only as Xiao.
“I thought it ought to really wait for a different time,” Mr. Daniels said on “Fox News Sunday.” In Wisconsin, private sector workplaces are not addressed in Mr. Walker’s proposal, but his plan would significantly limit collective bargaining for some 170,000 public sector workers, including many employees in local governments and school districts — not just state workers.
The question is whether Egypt’s military can manage a transition to democracy, as the militaries of South Korea, Indonesia, the Philippines and Chile have.
“Lola used to sing Ella’s hit, ‘A-Tisket, A-Tasket.’ One night in her dressing room, she heard someone yelling her name.
That car carried further the wedge theme of the 1967 Marzal, also to be auctioned, and a Bertone design that isn’t part of the sale, the 1968 Alfa Romeo Carabo.
The authors also depict the “economy versus ecology” dilemma of a book like this in a diagram that shows how shipping the first edition from its Chinese printers to U.S. bookstores by sea with thousands of other books produced some 1,500 kilograms, or 3,307 pounds, of CO2.
“It should provide very significant benefits to applicants such as avoiding the enormous expenses of court proceedings,” Mr. Gray said in the statement.
State pension funds in New Hampshire and Virginia invested with Rajaratnam.
15 Maryland had five players in double figures in a surprisingly easy victory at home against No.
The businesses at Time Inc. may be in retreat — revenue is down 20 percent in the last few years, to $3.7 billion in 2010 from $4.6 billion in 2008 — but the people there think what they have built has value, no matter how many paradigms have shifted.
If Facebook could advertise items like concert tickets based on that activity, those ads could be very lucrative.
Another collection, “One More Story,” came out in 2007, followed a year later by his most recent novel, “Adam and Evelyn” — about an East German couple vacationing in Hungary in the summer of 1989 — which has now been translated into English by the distinguished John E. Woods.
“I’m sleek and powerful and fast and secretive,” Berkman said, though besides powerful — he has 339 career home runs — he really is none of those things.
Recently, it has meant arugula salad garnished with Honey Smacks cereal for crunch ($8), a fried green tomato biscuit with fine coleslaw and pepper jelly that might be the best vegetarian sandwich in the borough ($8) and real pulled pork from a Big Chief pit ($12).
As she steps out of the royal Rolls-Royce — the same one that was beaten up this spring by rioting students with her future father-in-law, Prince Charles, and his wife, Camilla, inside — she and her elongated train will start their journey past 1,900 guests down the aisle of Westminster Abbey.
Lee, a wing from South Korea, drifted into the penalty area to meet Kevin Davies’s header after Bolton had twice squandered the lead.
American, meanwhile, has lost more than $11 billion since 2001, while falling off its perch as the nation’s largest airline as mergers between first Delta and Northwest , and then United and Continental, created bigger competitors.
Your hint: This destination, which is home to a former prison, has emerged as a rich laboratory for scientists studying coral, mammals and plants.
No, I don’t think so.
While walking through the Lower East Side during the quiet hours, Ms. Ling said, she would sometimes find the collectors by listening.
Indigenous Australians have long been under-represented in their country’s universities, but now some institutions are creating leadership posts to help increase the number of indigenous students and academics.
At the American Contract Bridge League’s Summer North America Championships here on Sunday the Von Zedtwitz Life Master Pairs was won by Peter Bertheau and Per-Olla Cullin from Sweden.
Bit by bit, you’ll also see mini-retrospectives of actresses like Bette Davis and Joan Crawford, aging in real time as they pass from role to role.
Ms. Poling called the coop “Cluckingham Palace.” In addition to Mr. Poling and her parents, Ms. Poling is survived by her brothers, Ted Mondale, a former Minnesota state senator, and William H. Mondale, a former assistant attorney general of Minnesota.
“This is a controversy through the field right now,” said Peter Bird, a professor of geology and geophysics at the University of California, Los Angeles,, “whether we can say we know the names and lengths of the faults.” In Japan’s history, there does seem to have been a precedent for the recent quake, but it took place more than a thousand years ago.
Loving husband of the late Belle Calderon Nathan.
UniCredit will need to raise more than €6 billion to comply with demands by European political leaders that banks increase their reserves, while Société Générale will need to raise more than €3 billion, according to estimates by analysts at Nomura.
This is the state of hurricane science in the new century: a mix of growing skill and persistent uncertainty, of intuition and algorithms, satellites and erasers.
Andrea Lynn De Gregory and Julian Leone were married Saturday afternoon at the Harbor View Hotel in Edgartown, Mass.
“It’s a little bit different than Atlanta — for one thing, there’s a lot more of you guys around,” defenseman Dustin Byfuglien said Thursday to a group of 20 reporters.
Ben Tate was an effective downhill runner but didn’t show the special change-of-direction power that Arian Foster has.
All Serendipity catalogs were emblazoned with the remark, “Any book may be returned for any reason.” I returned a book.
But if you make a mistake, act quickly.
Why, it is Othello, the Moor of Venice.
On Friday, Pistorius, who is a slow starter and strong finisher, said he knew which positions made “the best sense” for him in a relay but said he was prepared to accept whatever position he was given.
But those actions would be voluntary; they do not represent jobs that were “killed” by employers responding to higher health care costs, according to the Congressional Budget Office.
Each room has an enlarged copy of a masterpiece, and the palette plays off that: white, red, gray or blue.
The European ministers plan to revisit the aid to Greece on July 3 following the Greek Parliament ’s vote of confidence in the reshuffled government led by Prime Minister George Papandreou .
The former Notre Dame coach Charlie Weis was hired at Kansas, where he will try to rebuild a program that floundered under Turner Gill.
Julia, Susan and Gerard Heymann
Opponents criticized the military as a money pit that for all its sophisticated weaponry was unable to defend the kingdom in a crisis.
Friday at 9 p.m. $20.
Not only was he extraordinarily prolific, his work was unusually eclectic, reflecting the diverse, often conflicting, styles and ideologies with which he experimented over the years.
That’s about getting smarter about the way we’re spending our money.
So when we raise our hand in a meeting and ask directly, “Bob, why did you choose that pricing?” we are just asking for information.
Jonathan Katz, a “Hide/Seek” curator, also participated via Skype, telling the British audience that the uproar over the Wojnarowicz video was really an excuse to further the post-election campaign by conservatives for control of Congress and the White House.
Liverpool, owned by the consortium that runs the Boston Red Sox, appears on the way back to greatness after fallow years.
“Some people have written off the Continent completely,” Mr. Rimer said.
Susan’s family meets with the parole board every time his case comes up and protests his release.
Israel passed a law in 1967, shortly after the Six-Day War, claiming this entire territory as its own.
“I’m trying to remember one of the signs — it was banks and Wall Street,” he said.
But the cuts would represent a substantial downsizing of the state’s workforce, including clerical workers, state troopers and park rangers.
The sandwiches had probably been sitting around all day.
In these travels he routinely took along a teenage boy as an assistant, saying he needed help administering his diabetes treatment.
Medina Garrigues's counterpunching game was honed on the red clay of her native Spain, though she is still a dangerous player on hardcourts.
The same factors that justify any other kind of dealer’s surcharge apply here — with one more for good measure: what you’re transacting happens to be illegal.
Still, there are always unexpected moments.
A professional baseball player, an executive with Ziff-Davis Publishing and an accomplished writer/artists, his work will be displayed at a memorial service this summer in Storrs.
“All communities and groups have reliable rules of right and wrong in the form of laws, values, and social standards,” the essay prompt began, according to a transcript later made available to The Choice blog by the College Board, which oversees the SAT.
T’s impartial to-do list, below, even allows for some quality beach time, so don’t forget to throw in that towel.
Billy Easton, executive director of the Alliance for Quality Education, an education advocacy group, said Mr. Cuomo was falling short of his promise to restore New York’s tradition of progressivism.
“By starting out lean, you have the chance to know if you’re on to something,” said Mark Suster, a managing director at GRP Partners.
“For a long time, this was one of those products that felt more appropriate in someone else’s portfolio.” Pringles has kept up with some of its rivals in the flavor department, offering salt-and-vinegar, cheddar and pizza versions.
“That’s part of the tragedy here,” said Robert G. Torricelli , the former Democratic senator from New Jersey whose political career was also cut short.
“If there’s a good book, we’ll go deep into it.” And publishers, he said, “realize what a specialty store can do for their business, with the window and the table.” Publishers have stocked books in nonbook retailers for decades — a coffee-table book in the home department, a novelty book in Urban Outfitters.
Taste and adjust seasonings, and transfer to a lightly oiled or buttered baking dish.
But the room was a relief from the Pamplonaesque red carpet, where guests earlier were befuddled by three doors that all seemed to lead to the same place.
“Putting them in desks and chairs and making them feel like they’re in a school surrounding makes them feel stupid,” she said.
Today realism is just one more fashion, which can leave a Renaissance talent out in the cold.
He was convicted under an early federal computer crime law, sentenced to probation and ordered to pay a $10,000 fine and perform community service.
Her mother is a literacy consultant and an author of books on the topic.
Here was a stranger who would help connect them to the rest of the world, one irregular verb tense at a time.
The surprise was that the biggest opposition has come from Tea Party members themselves, who say their renegade, grass-roots movement was built on suspicion of government, and they are not too keen to start playing financial footsie with the enemy.
The Russian prime minister, Vladimir V. Putin, who rushed to the scene, embraced his Polish counterpart, Donald Tusk.
A hoity-toity soap opera about hoity-toity people, it was hugely popular; English churches were said to have rescheduled Sunday evening services so that congregants would not have to choose between worshiping and watching.
Both parties agree subsidies must be cut.
“This is no different than any other industry where the parties scare each other with lawsuits,” said Gabe Feldman, the director of the sports law program at Tulane University Law School.
“The great thing about Gardy is that he’s been outstanding for us at the bottom of the order, creating runs all by himself,” Girardi said.
Cooking was, and remains, my response.
It’s a pity he remembered — it could have been very interesting.
“We’re aggressively going after growing market share,” said Ms. Allen, the Sealy marketing executive.
ABRAHAM VAN DUSEN (1755-1836) Flat-boaterTHEY called 1816 ''The Year Without a Summer.''
“After the first set, I felt actually really comfortable out there,” said Isner, who finished with 41 winners and 10 unforced errors.
But a few days earlier, on Memorial Day, there were several times more people at North Avenue Beach when, at about 6 p.m., the police suddenly told them all to pack their ice chests and leave.
It’s why many players believe that they come to know each other faster and better than, say, people who meet over a few dates.
In ''Atonement'' (2007), at 11, Joe Wright and Christopher Hampton's adaptation of the Ian McEwan novel, Saoirse Ronan plays Briony, a 13-year-old aspiring playwright who accuses Robbie (James McAvoy) , the son of a family servant -- and the lover of her older sister, Cecelia (Ms. Knightley) -- of a crime.
And don’t cheat or look them up.
It should have the consistency of maple syrup.
On Monday, Mr. Ebersol appeared at NBC’s annual presentation to advertisers, where he was praised by Comcast executives and threw footballs to the audience.
People could sign up for free e-mail accounts, either from their home computers or from one of the 150 public terminals the city set up in municipal buildings, in cultural centers and on the streets.
It had sales of 1.6 billion euros in 2010 and earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization of 86 million euros in the first half of this year.
Take a recent assault on Mr. Jacobs’s video set of Handel’s “Belshazzar” (Harmonia Mundi HMD 990928.29; two DVDs).
Fortunately, Manning is decisive in the pocket and does not need first-class blocking (defenses don’t even bother game-planning to sack him; they focus only on making him move his feet before throwing – something he’s not always comfortable doing).
It did become a pejorative word, but listen, it’s better than “bitchy.”
He says his report would have been different “if I had known then what I know now.” The core difference the judge identifies is that he’s now convinced Gaza “civilians were not intentionally targeted as a matter of policy.” His shift is attributed to the findings of a follow-up report by a U.N. committee of independent experts chaired by Mary McGowan Davis, a former New York judge, and what is “recognized” therein about Israeli military investigations.
At the beach, small waves came ashore like a series of tiny sighs.
Also not to be forgotten are Lady Gaga's egg chariot at the Grammy Awards, Christina Aguilera's botched rendition of the national anthem at this year's Super Bowl, and Prince William and Kate Middleton's nuptials in Westminster Abbey.
Jim was a man who loved life, and delighted in its small blessings and tiniest details.
That’s Hannes Reichelt and Benni Raich.
The problem with maladaptive perfectionists, Dr. Szymanski said, is not that they should not have goals, but those goals are often unrealistic and inevitably lead to a sense of failure.
Or it can be fine, in which case the structure itself is almost imperceptible, except for the shape it gives the wine, which will seem precise and clear.
“Instead,” Mr. Kennedy said in an interview on Wednesday, “he ran down through five decks, passing sailors who were evacuating, and made it to the engine compartment about 25 feet below sea level.
Well, it’s hard to see the forest when there are so many trees, you know.
In January, new European Union rules took effect placing tighter restrictions on the redemption of coins.
And that has left many overseas customers and trading partners in something of an information vacuum, unsure how soon the effects of any supply-chain disruptions would make themselves felt — and how long they might last.
“It was about making sure that we get a deal that we can all be disappointed in, but a deal that is done, a budget that was balanced,” Mr. Zellers said.
This story is an embarrassment to the green jobs movement, but the death by bankruptcy was a collaboration of the worst Democratic and Republican impulses.
He is a major championship winner approaching his 40th birthday and closing in on two years since his last victory, just as Furyk was a year ago.
“But they thought it was not a good idea.” In comparison, the young woman who was raped here had unimaginable freedom.
He doesn’t wander alone across the wilds of the Internet yet, so he can’t have come across a video of the English chef-crusader Jamie Oliver trying to turn school kids against chicken nuggets.
Stuarts Draft is semirural and primarily residential, though there are some factories and warehouses on the outskirts.
I love mechanics and figuring out how things work.
It seemed infinitely elastic, as if its members could theoretically push the music far into abstraction and still make sense but that they preferred to work within limits.
By the 24th inning Mr. Barry wonders: “Is this even a baseball game anymore?
On the other hand, standing on the frozen surface of the Yukon and holding a rope attached to your best friend implies a willingness to go in after him.
Below his signature was that of the other man, John How.
From 1947 to 1973 — a period of just 26 years — inflation-adjusted median income in the United States more than doubled.
“I have not seen any of the paperwork that’s come out yet, so there’s a lot to make an evaluation of.”
The absence of benefits payments was a provision of the last collective bargaining agreement, but the players now want that money as part of the settlement that would also include the resolution of the antitrust case and the television damages case.
Lieberman will fight against the smallest compromises with the Palestinians — and he is, after all, a democratically elected member of the Knesset.
Cee Lo Green’s summer just got a little less busy.
NORFOLK Infinity Hall Eran Troy Danner, blues.
He writes, “Jobs’s sensibility was editorial, not inventive,” and uses Mr. Isaacson’s book to describe the dynamic between Mr. Jobs and Jonathan Ive, Apple’s designer-in-chief.
Yet only six states require doctors to report patients with handicapping medical conditions to health and motor vehicle authorities, and only one -- California -- specifically mandates reporting of drivers with dementia, according to the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety.
“I can’t bear to throw that into the garbage,” he said.
That would become a refrain.
In November 2009, we ran an article that explored the difficult economics of opening a cupcake shop, and we asked this question: Are cupcakes a viable business?
And there may be a natural tendency, doubtless exaggerated in those who choose to write about something as inherently controlling as design, to tidy things up.
Mr. White said that in some cases the names of the dead become public because reporters call bereaved families; in other cases, the family members reach out to reporters.
And the question remains: Why wasn’t he more upset about it?
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to either The Sandwich Children's Center, 54 Maple St., Sandwich, NH 03227 or the Chocorua Island Chapel Association, PO Box 356, Holderness, NH 03245.
Censoring the Internet is not the only approach.
For example, the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, one of the world’s largest chip makers, expects to spend almost $10 billion on its next factory.
Mr. Schulman was advised by Pearce L.L.P.
SYOSSET Syosset Public Library Abstract and semiabstract landscapes by Gretchen Fuss.
The big question became whether nonprofit groups affiliated with religious institutions can bar ceremonies or wedding parties on their property because the couple are of the same gender.
“When I have a surprising moment, a snap with the car, the muscles need to react very quickly.
Quite frankly the whole place clashed with my modern furniture.” Mr. Agostini, who oversees legal and economic affairs for the municipality, could remain in total incongruity in a cramped apartment in the museum-packed tourist district of Dorsoduro.
(And a $5 coupon hidden on their Web site to slightly defray the $43 entry fee.)
Wednesday at 4 p.m. Free.
It expects to complete gathering the necessary signatures by Dec. 31 for ballot petitions in all 30 of the states that allow the process to be completed this year; it anticipates no problem meeting the requirements in the remaining states next year.
If your hotel has an ePrint-capable printer, you can use it to create a hard copy of your boarding pass by e-mailing it from your laptop in your room to the business center in the lobby.
Soon enough, he was taking us along, too.
The snide “No Rock Climbing” sign in the basement of the Compleat Sculptor makes it clear that the 300 tons of marble, alabaster, granite and soapstone there are not meant for rappelling; they await a finer destiny wrought by human hands wielding sharp tools.
Fox Foundation for Parkinson’s Research: nycbeerathon.com .
The holiday coincides with the end of the hajj, the pilgrimage to Mecca .
KENT St. Andrew’s Church Music in the Nave: Liszt Commemorative Recital.
MIKE HALE: Regarding our complaints about the new shows: it’s worth pointing out, as Brian Stelter mentioned in his article about network promotion strategies , that the network’s are starting consciously to hold back some of their bigger productions for midseason premieres, on the theory that January in some ways now presents a better opportunity for making an impact.
It is how documentary makers seek to readjust the power equation: little me with a camera on one side, sprawling global corporation on the other.
“I just finished a glass of rosé,” said Pierre Weber, a former pastry chef from France.
Instead, they show “what can we do together to continue to improve the competitiveness of the business,” he said.
The Dawn Wall, as Caldwell’s project is known, is the latest example of what has become an increasingly accepted practice among professional climbers and in the wider climbing community: from-the-route social media.
“In the Land of Blood and Honey” tells the story of two acquaintances who become enemies, lovers and each other’s mirror during the Bosnian war.
He shed his best player, forward Elton Brand , to match Curry, a low-post scorer, with Chandler, an athletic shot blocker.
Then again, only one team in the wild-card era, the 1995 Cincinnati Reds, has reached the postseason after starting 0-5.
Imperial Theater, 249 West 45th Street, (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com .
“You still ask yourself,” Rollins said, “ ‘What could I have done to help us win?
Eric Clapton and Stevie Wonder play on the two original songs, he said.
They argued that the recession and Wall Street, not union-negotiated pay and benefits, caused Florida’s $3.6 billion deficit.
Memorial donations may be made to the Metropolitan Opera.
From now through August, American films will again be almost all male, almost all the time (the occasional decorative gal pal notwithstanding) as this year’s boys of summer — the Green Lantern and Captain America, Conan the Barbarian and Conan O’Brien — invade the multiplex, seizing media-entertainment minds and your dollars.
1 and all that,” Righetti said.
“We’re going to be on every platform that the consumer wants to access that information on,” she said.
This book actually features a tryst in which timing is literally everything.
Not everybody is like that.” Sox fans are hoping the free-agent slugger Adam Dunn is like that; their centerpiece off-season acquisition is expected to add some left-handed thunder to a potent lineup.
2 American automaker, is learning that good times can be difficult to manage, too.
Hundreds of civilians have been killed, including many children.
“She’s an enormously affable, accessible person,” said Laurence H. Tribe, a Harvard law colleague.
LIKE thousands of other New Yorkers, Jason Henkle throws a leg over a bicycle every day and pedals to work.
Other analysts said that the cuts to Medicaid would force hundreds of nursing homes out of business and would have a devastating effect on rural hospitals and doctors.
Condolences may be sent to Mrs. Patricia Hefele at this same address.
“Emotion is always part of our routine when setting lines at every level but more so with college athletes,” he said.
First, the truffle oil Byrne calls for is entirely optional.
“Klein’s concerns regarding Madoff were apparently profound,” Picard has said in court papers.
Vilma and Michelle used to skip a lot of classes to party or hang out at the movies all day.
“If a Tree Falls” is not a whodunit.
My friend, she got it.
Those calls, which Mr. Green taped and eventually donated to the film department at Wesleyan, remain an important document of the star’s declining years, and they reveal a woman who routinely referred to herself using a third-person masculine pronoun, who dreaded encounters with the fans she called “customers” and who kept a troupe of toy troll dolls under her sofa and bed.
“We’ve given up wage increases for four of the past eight years in order to keep fully paid health care,” Mr. Allen said.
(See If You Go, below, for details.)
It looks a lot better and a lot safer.
Mr. Schar argued that tough sentences work particularly well with white-collar criminals, like Mr. Blagojevich, given how such a class of bad actors is smart, educated and driven by greed, as opposed to ideology.
In one bank robbery, two thieves simply stood in line as if they were there to make a deposit, before proceeding with their heist .
First pitch for Game 1 is 8:37 p.m.
Mortensen, whom I have never met, reveals himself in Zo?eller's profile (Page 170) to be thoughtful, elegant, moral, a late bloomer in Hollywood with a professional ethic and a sense of decency that could seem tedious if he wasn't so disarmingly clever.
The family is accepting donations in Alexander's name, through the Alexander Maxwell Grant Foundation, which will fund musical scholarships for talented and underprivileged young musicians.
Aldi’s model is to sell groceries and basics like dishwasher soap and laundry detergent in drugstore-size spaces — its Queens store is 17,500 square feet, about 16 percent the size of an average Wal-Mart — in urban, suburban and rural areas, though the focus lately has been in cities.
As far as she knew, that was as far as it would go.
In Japanese, with English subtitles.
And while the Macintosh OS X comes with a free built-in reader, it does not include multiple languages.
In an opinion awarding the McIntyre family more than $3 million, United States District Court Judge Reginald C. Lindsay cited evidence that suggested Mr. McIntyre’s killers had “sources in the local and State Police, as well as in the district attorney’s office,” and that the F.B.I.
A fellowship hall — yes — with more than enough room for wedding receptions and funeral repasts.
And Details editors will soon start selecting items to sell on Mr. Porter, the men’s version of Net-a-Porter , a site for designer luxury goods that showed just how well $995 Christian Louboutin pumps could sell online.
For Person of the Year he recommended the food writer Michael Pollan .
He has not yet been formally charged in the third case, which also involves Mediaset.
Ann L. Brown, president of New Vista Image, a digital graphics company in Golden, Colo., said: “I believe in the American dream.
An under-reported story line from last Sunday’s Jets-Patriots game was that Bill Belichick and Tom Brady became the winningest head coach-quarterback tandem of the Super Bowl era (since 1966).
After the terminations, the East Coast owner said he was struggling to get replacement workers up to speed.
In lieu of flowers, you may make a donation in Cay's name to Hope Community Services, 50 Washington Avenue, New Rochelle, NY 10801 914-636-4010 info@hope-cs.org.
“This is the kind of detail Steve wanted,” he added.
tournament brings.” Purdue, which made 14 of 54 shots over all, scored only 13 first-half points — a program record for fewest points in a half.
Tell students to read their assigned article, highlighting information about the use of social media in the Mexican drug wars: who is using social networks, how and why are they using them, what information they are disseminating and finding this way and how others have responded to their use of social media.
What they had in common was an extraordinary passion for each other and for living life to the fullest.
In his resignation letter, Mr. Ahern wrote that he intended “to continue my efforts as the business manager of Local 30,” with the aim of “protecting and strengthening the wages, benefits and job security of” its members.
According to historic fact, he was very smart, very intellectual, very polite.
At the time, it said shareholders defeated the succession-planning proposal, but it didn’t reveal the vote tallies, something that is standard procedure at many big companies like Ford Motor and Goldman Sachs.
Setting the shutter speed manually freezes the action just fine, but that shouldn’t be necessary.
At that value, the tax would be about $7,500.
Some of the cars leak fluids when left to sit for months.
He had not taken a shot.
“This requires an independent monitor to assure that BP is fully complying with the terms of today’s settlement.
Mr. Walsh was convinced that the future of the American economy was as strong as it had been on Friday.
Many of the holdouts mention concerns about privacy.
Peters, whose tall and skinny frame can be attributed to the years he spent climbing in New York, New Hampshire and beyond, touches on about 20 things at the same time — from A.T.V.’s to Levon Helm’s Midnight Rambles.
Her ex-boyfriend, she suspected, felt similarly about her own diagnosis when she reported the news.
var data;function jsonSlideshowCallback(response) {data = response;}NYTD.options = {source: '+ data +', cropType: 'blog480', appendTo: 'embeddedSlideshow', showHeadLine: 'false'} Photographs from London, Portugal, Pakistan and Libya.
Several other fund-raising trips were also canceled in the 60 days that the president was hunkered down in Washington.
The Czechs navigated the qualifying stage of the tournament by winning three road games, and face a similar task at the San Siro.
The bride’s father retired as a senior lawyer in Washington with the office of the chief counsel of the Internal Revenue Service.
“His biography is not very well known,” said Thomas G. Lannon, assistant curator in the library’s manuscripts and archives division, which, according to Richard W. Oliver, the auctioneer, paid $500 for a cache of letters from Green to his father and purchased other letters and documents as well.
Sept. 27 at 8 p.m. $20.
The Girl: The actress Carey Mulligan, star of the forthcoming film “Drive,” at the Film District party at Comic-Con in San Diego.
And local governments continue to pare back.
Fiat’s deal to buy the Treasury shares will give the Italian company a 52 percent stake in Chrysler, and accelerate the integration of the two automakers.
Chase Stuart contributes to Pro-Football-Reference.com and to Footballguys.com .
Chandler will go through his first practice Sunday, with six days to prepare for the Knicks’ first preseason game, Saturday in Newark.
Two: They wished they could see what the Iraqis were going to do to everything they left behind.
Moreover, there is an extraordinary process inside the government to ensure that this standard is met.
Maria’s hometown, Olsztyn, in northern Poland, is more than 400 miles from Chernobyl.
A: I ski at lunchtime every day, the racecourse at Tiehack.
According to the police, Mr. Dyryzi was last seen in a Manhattan cafe about noon on Wednesday.
Jon Lester was pitching on three days’ rest, and he provided six solid innings.
With his fellow Republicans in the Legislature, who last year won control of both chambers for the first time since the 1970s, Mr. LePage cut taxes by $150 million, streamlined regulations and pushed for a right-to-work bill, with the goal of drawing more businesses and higher-income residents to Maine.
Castrillón dismissed the scandal as just “ an American problem, ” he defended the church’s approach to priestly pedophilia long after it had been revealed as pitifully inadequate, and in 2001 he even praised a French bishop for refusing to denounce an abusive priest to the civil authorities.
ROB COX and GEORGE HAY
Many areas offer rentals, lessons, food and heated lodges.
Increasingly, patients are left on their own to find the drugs they need.
Ms. Ades, a New York benefactor of music, opera and ballet, has promised to donate her drawings to the Morgan.
Nearly every top financial regulator traveled to San Diego in March to speak at the community banking group’s annual convention.
With love to the family, love always.
Nicknamed Vellies, the shoes are handcrafted from kudu antelope hide at the Herbert Schier factory in Namibia and are worn throughout South Africa by everyone from bush rangers to academics.
YRF Entertainment : Yash Raj Films, one of Bollywood’s oldest and most successful studios launched its American arm – YRF Entertainment, a Hollywood-based production and financing company, which will develop films for the U.S.
Only 1 in 5 adults caught the illness from their own children, and this goes against one of the most common arguments for closing schools: that it will prevent the disease from moving from the school to households.
I felt ridiculously protective of him, and of them.
Collins, 62, believes much of that comes from Tejada’s days at Torrijos Stadium.
There you stand, a hundred feet above the silent decks, striding along the deep, as if the masts were gigantic stilts, while beneath you and between your legs, as it were, swim the hugest monsters of the sea.
There are also examples of quiet courage, and uncanny farsightedness.
The film will be directed by Antoine Fuqua, who directed “ Training Day” and “Brooklyn’s Finest,” and will be produced by Bradley J. Fischer, who produced “Black Swan” and “Shutter Island.” No release date has been announced.
Fields proposed for the program are selected randomly and can go out of production for only two years at a time.
“The path of least resistance right now is up,” Mr. Saluzzi said.
He also shares the spotlight that Mrs. Bachmann occupies among social conservatives and Tea Party enthusiasts.
On one level, it’s an example of Hollywood’s tendency to conduct business with confounding inconsistency.
To me it felt as though there had been a great release, and that people were expressing themselves in a way that they had never been able to before.
The Renaissance board still allowed this bizarre arrangement to proceed.
Mrs. Clark died on Tuesday, at 104, at Beth Israel Medical Center , the Manhattan hospital where she had chosen to live in recent years, said Michael McKeon, a spokesman for Mrs. Clark’s lawyer, Wallace Bock.
Much of that aid has been stalled by donors’ doubts over the current president, René Préval, who is completing a second term and is barred from running again.
Instead, we’ve effectively decided that because the United States is the richest, most successful country in the world, it is guaranteed to remain so.
They happened 20 years apart.
“Um, not exactly,” he said.
Nadal apologized to Muller and pinned his late arrival on needing to apply more athletic tape.
Some came from middle-class families, and others lived in poverty, including a 17-year-old who was struggling to raise a 4-year-old child.
“It has not been easy,” Mr. Hwang said.
Mr. Houben and Mr. Magni, both original members of the English company Complicite, are paired in two pieces.
But that seeming tension only points to a principal argument of “Why I Am a Five Percenter,” that religious identity is not necessarily about belief, or even about culture.
The Americans sustained the pressure after halftime, again forcing the bulk of the action.
“Four more years on the same political path could prove disastrous.” The strategy requires the Republican candidates like Mr. Romney to carefully walk a fine rhetorical line.
In 2010, when Mr. Piñera became the nation’s first right-wing president since the dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet , young voters stayed on the sidelines , with few of them registering to vote.
... Kurt Thomas scored 22 points and Derrick Rose added 21 points and 10 assists to lead host Chicago past Milwaukee, 92-83.
“I am thankful to have some closure after six long years of struggling for justice,” Mr. Madison said quietly.
Yet according to the police, a mere 286 summonses were issued last year for honking; only 448 such summonses were handed out the year before that.
PHOTO: Chumley's, at 86 Bedford Street in Greenwich Village, closed after a wall collapse in 2007.
Those archives are being digitized for access online, as are back issues of the magazine Film Comment, the society’s bimonthly journal, which has been published since 1962.
Airtel’s Sunil Bharti Mittal, for example, with a net worth of $8.8 billion, is one of the few telecom executives untouched by the 2G scandal.
“People say, ‘I don’t need it now, I’ll join it when I do,’” said Mr. Zartman.
An interview with Gazeta was illustrated with video of the Robokopter at work .
Of interest to authorities are these two main businesses run by MF Global.
•You’ve taken so many days off that it will feel novel to wear pants during the day again.
They are the most effective way to provide emergency aid to a vast number of people — Dadaab is saving hundreds of thousands of lives.
But until both sides are able to put tax increases and entitlements on the table, there will be no lasting deficit reduction.
Even his best news in months — an endorsement this week by Bob Vander Plaats , a prominent social conservative leader here — was muddled by controversy over whether Mr. Vander Plaats had been seeking contributions from the candidates that he considered endorsing, which he denied.
While he has taken a tougher line than his predecessors toward the government in Pyongyang, he has also stopped short of military action in response to a string of belligerent acts, including the torpedoing of a Navy ship and the shelling of a South Korean island .
The mayor said voters had spoken.
Currently 77th, she is part of a scrum of American women that have settled in well behind the Williams sisters and Mattek-Sands.
Rarely does management want a union to stay together while the union wants to disband.
She wants to leave Iran so that their daughter can have a better life, but he feels obliged to remain so that he can care for his father, who has Alzheimer’s.
“Isn’t that Greg Anderson?” one player on the Gilmartin Group team said to another as they as they peered at the man.
My initial incredulity was disabled a bit when I went with this kid to a local music store, and he pulled out a check, to the store, from United Artists, in the sum of $10,000, to buy a new P.A.
Sizemore had microfracture surgery on his left knee June 4.
Dozens of its members knocked on doors and helped raise money for Mr. Obama in 2008.
The astronauts will spend Saturday inspecting the heat shield and are to dock at the space station on Sunday.
"},{width:480,credit:"Liz Ligon",height:319,url:"https://static01.nyt.com/images/2011/02/10/nyregion/sanitation-slideshow/sanitation-slideshow-custom5.jpg",caption:"Michael Arbelo performing the heave-ho in Riverdale in August 2009.
“I’m just glad my case is over with,” Mr. Johnson said.
“People who work in the video store are very knowledgeable about film.
“These cases go on there quicker than we can get to them.” It is no small task to conduct the necessary background work and knock on someone’s door, Detective Brown said.
As part of their research, she and Mr. Rapp went to see ''Sleep No More,'' a wacky, site-specific retelling of ''Macbeth,'' from the British theater company Punchdrunk.
One of the center’s other products measures anger.
It is useful to know that Richard Levine , the writer and director of “Every Day,” was one of the brains behind that guiltiest of depraved TV pleasures: “Nip/Tuck.” In the movie his presumed surrogate, Ned ( Liev Schreiber ), is a writer for a popular New York-based medical drama whose creative team sits around at meetings making wisecracks like “sex with one’s dog is the new sex with one’s cat” while dreaming up outrageous plot turns involving cannibalism, bestiality and castration.
One commonality amongst the three losses is the disappearance of Ray Rice.
“Last Man Standing,” Mr. Allen’s retro-man new sitcom, likes to do this, but only for easy quickies.
They have the resources to reload every winter and take a fresh shot at the pennant, while clubs like the Brewers have to play a different game, biding their time and seizing their win-now moment before they can no longer afford to keep players they’ve spent years cultivating.
When he was 10, he attended his first game at Turner Field and saw Smoltz pitch against the Cincinnati Reds.
On one side, he says, is the rise of the smartphone, which people increasingly use to search for and find information.
Three smaller shows will also aim to promote the work of Belgian artists during contemporary art week in Paris.
The family’s lawyer, David M. Sperling, is planning to travel to Guatemala next week to escort Emily back to Long Island.
It carries a worthy selection of traditional pieces with small twists that make them stand out.
“You can’t move flowering trees around,” said Yosef Schlein, a parasitologist at the university’s medical school.
It found that Ms. Sheehan was in imminent danger when she shot her husband repeatedly with the first gun she used, a revolver that belonged to him and that she took from a bedroom.
I’m sure it was an out-of-body experience, but at the time I did.
She is managing director of the I.M.F., not its president.
At 8:30 and 11 p.m., Birdland, 315 West 44th Street, Clinton, (212) 581-3080, birdlandjazz.com ; $30 and $40 cover, with a $10 minimum.
(PHOTOGRAPHS BY COLLEEN KINDER FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) MAP
The problems are as varied as the books themselves; enumerating them could take an entire page of this newspaper.
As Blowfly, Mr. Reid primarily parodied (if that’s the word) well-known pop singles by rewriting their lyrics along hypersexual and scatological lines.
Sister of Henrietta (deceased), Robert, David, Richard (deceased) and families.
Mr. Mubarak has thumbed his nose at President Obama, who called for an immediate, peaceful transition.
A United Nations vote on Palestinian membership would be ruinous.
Although not everyone agreed on everything, they all agreed that the stuffing of Knut must be stopped.
Kids recognize her, word spreads and soon she’s beset by crowds begging for autographs.
Richard J. Holwell, a Manhattan federal judge, will give his answer to that question when he sentences Rajaratnam on Sept. 27.
But isn’t it possible that her style might interest a designer?
She also practices yoga , even if only for 20 minutes a day.
His new song, “Made in America,” just hit No.
The troubled New York City Opera let some details about its next season dribble out on Tuesday during a meeting with its unions, which confronted the company’s leader, George Steel, with symbolic votes of no confidence in his leadership.
Page A6 PROTESTERS CLOG CATHEDRAL Officials at St. Paul's Cathedral in London said that they would go to court to force the removal of hundreds of protesters who have camped outside the cathedral for two weeks, demonstrating against economic inequality and corporate greed.
The intent may be to give you the impression that you’re soaring like an eagle, but you feel more like batter in a waffle iron, pressed from both sides and helpless.
But more recently, with Americans at war in Afghanistan and Iraq, campaigns have become more creative and heartfelt — echoing the patriotic ads that showed support for the troops during World War II.
Preferably gin.” And she’s blunt about the moment-to-moment drudgery of running the place.
“They know who needs to be pushed in a wheelchair, who needs a word of encouragement, who needs to be fed.” Yet the spectral empaths will express no desires of their own.
The three experts joined up for about 10 minutes of Q&A after the presentations.
Advances in seismology also led to lawsuits elsewhere.
Since then, the Regents have endorsed 21, the most important of which would eliminate the century-old Wicks Law, requiring districts to hire a minimum of four prime contractors for each construction project.
Still, it’s fantastic, and if you do nothing other than make the sauce and use it as a dip for celery sticks, you’ll be one happy eater.
But Ms. Weston says you should.
Those Germans skeptical about agreeing to rescue Greece loved Mrs. Merkel’s verbal assault on other E.U.
“Notwithstanding our concerns, the Wilpon and Katz families continued to invest with Madoff Securities,” Chachra wrote in his own e-mail on Dec. 13, 2008.
“The idea that 49 states can tell Nevada, ‘We want to give you our nuclear waste’ doesn’t make a lot of sense,’’ he said.
But union officials said the field technicians and call center workers generally earned $29 to $37 an hour, translating to $60,000 to $77,000 for a full-time worker, with benefits worth an additional $25,000 a year.
Just when you think you know the rules, the rules change.” Good advice.
John Belushi came at 2 o’clock in the morning.” Mr. Belushi, he said, had a tendency to soothe his demons with a sloppy Joe.
Herbert Daughtry stood in the pulpit of the House of the Lord Church on Atlantic Avenue in Boerum Hill and called for prosecutors to aggressively pursue charges against Mr. Strauss-Kahn.
Summering near water was a family essential as I was growing up, a pleasure I carried into adulthood.
With unemployment at 10 percent, I don’t know how you could say you wouldn’t have done anything different.
Still, the time he spends abroad these days is limited by the presence of his four children, aged 2 to 12.
In almost every case, you will also need fast access to a sizable chunk of money, often three to four times the monthly rent, to cover the security deposit, initial rent payments and the broker’s fee, if any.
The matter was put off because of the language barrier.
The Jets said practices for the Buffalo game have been relatively sharp.
Later, he moved on, checking in for one night at Bellevue.
Mr. Jarrell said that before the announcement of Mr. Buffett’s investment, on Sept. 23 after the market closed, five news articles and one analyst report foreshadowed the need for the investment bank to raise capital.
He welcomed Bin Laden’s death as “a significant step forward” and called on Pakistan to take steps against groups that harmed innocent civilians.
He has a Vezina Trophy on his résumé, and will perhaps have a second one after this season’s awards are announced.
After we have one more drink, I will entertain everyone at the bar.
Mr. Kunstenaar will be remembered as a kind, gregarious, erudite and charming gentleman who was liked by everyone and will be very much missed.
Costa Mesa, population 110,000, is California in miniature.
But the fact that a federal judge halfway across the country cited the case less than a month later means that other judges have noticed the ruling — which is significant because most S.E.C.
The idea for a more assertive role appears to be gaining influence.
“Not everyone has a cellphone, and there are fewer pay phones around these days,” he said.
Some sharp political observers say that the redrawing of district boundaries along partisan lines has created a Congress that represents the extremes of the populace, rather than the broad center you find represented in most state legislatures.
next month they’ll play in the Conference USA title game.
The dead fetus shrivels over time and remains in the womb until delivery.
Mr. Petrow does not think so.
But at least Starks is getting the bulk of the carries over Grant and Kuhn, and his matchup with the Buccaneers (second best for RBs, 26 FPPG) will warrant high-end flex appeal this weekend.
Another option, which publishers and authors said Wednesday was attractive to them, would be to reach a new settlement with Google that requires each author or copyright owner to opt in and permit Google to digitize their works.
Even Elvis Presley was called out: “When rock ‘n’ roll took the country by storm, Broadway struggled to keep up.
His name was Idris, and he was a handsome 21-year-old medical student with a downy wisp of beard, a pink T-shirt and jeans.
While Pill exudes smooth menace, and Meek Mill impending havoc, Wale is the odd man out, a less nimble and less promising rapper whose boasting sounds uncertain, especially in impressive company.
Three came from left end Jason Babin, who blitzed at least once after lining up as a middle linebacker.
But they do not name the test, leaving open the possibility that additional tests can be approved.
When I started playing in Australia, a match report in the newspaper would be smaller than the palm of my hand.
Women of all kinds will support her.” In her speech, she drew laughs when she said that neither her message nor her political plans would be driven by public opinion polls.
He told friends that he felt responsible, and by the time he retired in July 2009, he was found to be suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder.
Jeff Pash, the N.F.L.’s lead negotiator, said: “The process of litigation has tended to freeze people and made it difficult for discussions to be productive.
“I think fans need to be more careful, I really do,” Lee said.
— Glenn Collins The Washington Post : Virginia mulls extending a wintertime ban on the commercial harvest of blue crabs.
He said he’d taken the boots to a shoe repairman who asked, apparently with great derision, “Who de-siii-ggggnnned these?” Not quite “Who are you wearing?” Fiorentini & Baker 54 Mercer Street (between Broome and Grand Streets); (212) 226-7229.
“There is no standardized framework for understanding the region’s institutions,” Ms. Bhandari said.
Most fees and surcharges, he said, “occur in upper-upscale and luxury hotels, and both the numbers of types of fees and surcharges and the amounts are increasing.”
“iParents was a place where family members would be able to interact with each other online, share schedules, news, photos and coordinate activities,” Mr. Milley said.
If kids are reading this stuff, God help their parents.
By 1859 he resumed lecturing on American history and law.
For underneath the negative scenario is a much brighter and logical one, which is why neither the team directors nor Schumacher say they are worried.
He and a friend — he only trusted one other man in the unit — began subtly altering the names and phone numbers of rebels before forwarding them to the Revolutionary Guard.
As we observe National Preparedness Month this September, we must make sure that we are prepared to care for our children — who have different mental and physical health needs than adults — during disasters.
OBSTACLES: Consumer groups rallied against the deal, complaining it would send phone service prices through the roof.
The kidnapping call gathers dust.
One reason for that could be Arsenal’s preseason tours.
But consumer advocates fear this could mean higher electricity prices.
“It takes me a long time to say goodbye.”
Against Atlanta two weeks ago, the Heisman Trophy winner Mark Ingram carried eight times for 11 yards, and Darren Sproles, one of the most elusive runners in the N.F.L., carried twice for 1 yard and caught four passes for 2 yards.
“The Mindlins simply did nothing wrong and the S.E.C.
“It cuts steel like butter,” said Rick Livingston, the project manager for the corporation.
Charles B. Hayward East Longmeadow, Mass., Feb. 11, 2011  To the Editor: I don’t know what lies in store for Egypt, whether a military dictatorship or some kind of far-sweeping democratic revolution.
He took it home, and in an affront to both its name and nature, made it into a guest room.
It is not clear why the pirates killed their hostages, either accidentally during a firefight or possibly out of revenge for the Somali pirates killed by American sharpshooters in a hostage-taking in 2009.
A buyer should be concerned about an expiration date, Mr. Weinstein said, only when the co-op corporation leases rather than owns its building’s land and cannot guarantee that the land lease will be extended.
But Senator Jeanne Shaheen, Democrat of New Hampshire, and Senators Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire and Olympia J. Snowe and Susan Collins of Maine and Representative Frank Guinta of New Hampshire — all Republicans who voted for the Republican spending-cut bill that slashed the grant program — worked to ensure that the bridge project would receive the financing, according to staff members from several of their offices.
He is a gym rat, preferring 24-hour facilities for occasional 1 a.m. workouts.
So the important question is not the extent to which temporary problems are in play, but whether the economy will improve steadily as those problems work themselves out.
Ms. Cojocaru, who was born in Bucharest but spent her formative years at the Kiev Ballet School, joined the Royal Ballet in 1999, where her exceptional talent was quickly recognized.
Mondays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Clay Art Center, 40 Beech Street.
The third set followed the same track as the first, with Tsonga unable to generate a break point, and eventually losing his own serve in the eighth game.
Even the comedian Steve Martin could not resist.
It concluded that “a significant part of the weakness in economic activity in 2011 is due to fiscal retrenchment.” Goldman suggests that layoffs and deep cuts in public services will grow more severe as the year goes along.
Sundance, the pre-eminent showcase for American independent cinema and a freewheeling bazaar for movie executives, is typically judged — often to the chagrin of its founder, Robert Redford — by how much money distributors are willing to spend on selections.
About half of all administrative costs -- $163 billion in 2009 -- are borne by Medicare, Medicaid and insurance companies.
“Our Whalers over there are winning, 28 to 6, and the real whalers have landed a whale,” Mr. Rexford said.
And the D5100 has a hinged LCD screen that swings out so you can photograph from unusual angles without crawling or carrying a ladder.
INSIDE PITCH Sandy Alderson said that Johan Santana’s next rehabilitation start, originally scheduled for Wednesday, would be pushed back at least one day after Santana told coaches Monday morning that his left arm was not feeling strong.
Perhaps he will show Wilfork what he was missing out on five weeks ago.
We need to find one that does.” But advocates for those with prostate cancer promised to fight the recommendation.
Pushing beyond their sweet spots proved too hard for the so-called Four Horsemen -- Hambrecht & Quist, Alex Brown, Robertson Stephens and Montgomery Securities.
He represents a Congolese man whom Ms. Knox initially accused of the crime.
Bahrain-based Orbit, another Arab television network, is returning to broadcast from Cairo after its operations were frozen under the previous regime.
Becky’s devouring sexuality exists in inverse relationship to a husband, John (Nicholas Burns), who thinks only of his as-yet-unborn baby and being eco-friendly when it comes to plastic bags.
Of course, old Hong Kong is still alive and well; in fact, it's being reinvigorated.
I really admire Drew Barrymore and Liv Tyler.
The style will change little by little.
IN most cases it is easier to qualify for a home mortgage by applying with another person — be it a spouse or partner, or even a close friend or sibling.
STAMFORD Curtain Call, The Dressing Room Theater “Annie Warbucks,” musical comedy by Thomas Meehan, Charles Strouse and Martin Charnin.
20110331 ‘The Wizard of Oz’ (Friday through Sunday, and Tuesday through Thursday) The latest tornado to hit New York poses no danger, as the Children’s Museum of Manhattan celebrates “The Wizard of Oz” with this interactive exhibition.
Many of its battalions are organized along tribal lines, ensuring their loyalty to their own clan rather than to top military commanders — a pattern evident in the defection of portions of the army to help protesters take the eastern city of Benghazi.
The sponsor was Representative Warren Chisum, Republican of Pampa and then the chairman of the Appropriations Committee — a position that carries some clout when it comes to what is in a bill’s fiscal note.
The records disclosed in the countersuit feature evidence that representatives for the plaintiffs discussed trading on personal connections with Mr. Cuomo to get him involved.
“Why on earth are they coming to Moscow for some unclear story?
Then it was time for cross-examination.
He called the third set “probably the best set we both played, both holding serve until the end.” Coached by his father, Mario, and assisted during the week by Jay Berger, a United States Tennis Association coach, Fratangelo said his matches at Roland Garros had strengthened his mental toughness.
This would be a major change, given their recent past.
American hopeful Ryan Harrison, who upset No.
It occurred to me that everything in that artifact that would be useful for me — scores from the teams I follow, a brief on big news and a splash of entertainment coverage — I had already learned on my smartphone and tablet before leaving the room.
“Spaced repetition” is one example of the kind of evidence-based techniques that researchers have found have a positive impact on learning.
The need to take pictures of people he admires was, in the beginning of his career, “almost an obsession,” he continued.
Gaultier, Jean Paul Sells bars of gold (for a price tag of $1,681).
There may not be too many more nights like this.
He was elected to the Board of Law Review Editors and installed in the Order of Coif, a legal scholastic honor society.
“I have a 10-second memory of my dad telling me that I don’t need an inch of toothpaste,” he said.
But the violence did not escalate until they joined another demonstration at the radio and television headquarters around 6 p.m. Demonstrators and plainclothes security forces began throwing rocks at each other.
The stock of another company implicated in the report, JSW Steel, fell more than 10 percent late last week.
“With pitching the way it is — specialty guys, closer and setup guys — you’re not going to have a chance to get four at-bats against one guy,” Ventura said.
The Wood Brothers team, which once fielded the Hall of Famer David Pearson but will run only a partial schedule in 2011, won a Sprint Cup race for the first time since 2001.
As the subway rumbled, water refills sometimes missed the mark, and C. K. got on his knees to stabilize the tables and proffer wet wipes.
Amid the unrest in Egypt, gold prices have recovered slightly so far in February, and Mr. Paulson’s funds could rebound.
4:30 P.M. (HBO 2) INVICTUS (2009) This rousing drama from Clint Eastwood, based on the book ''Playing the Enemy'' by John Carlin, was inspired by a true story of reconciliation and athletic triumph.
The health law imposes an income tax penalty on those who do not have coverage.
NO matter the circumstances, the arrival of any new Aston Martin ranks as a memorable occasion.
of America’s primary events, and no disruptions were reported.
Representatives from the International Monetary Fund, the European Commission and the European Central Bank said that Greece’s next slice of loans, totaling 8 billion euros, would most likely be disbursed in early November after approval from euro zone finance ministers and the I.M.F.
“If other hospitals were to follow our lead, I think it is possible to decrease these infections.” But a second large study of intensive care cases, also published Wednesday, raises doubts about whether a key component of the veterans’ approach — the testing of every patient upon admission and discharge — is necessary or cost-effective.
Most office buildings are divorced, in a way, from their surroundings.
It’s an ancient, pragmatic response to feeling beleaguered by information, says Ann Blair , a history professor at Harvard and the author of “Too Much to Know: Managing Scholarly Information Before the Modern Age.” In earlier ages, however, the sense of being inundated with information was felt mainly by scholars.
“I try to comfort him,” she says, “but then all three of us end up crying.” Phung yearns to attend university and become an accountant.
With roving Canadian pop collective Broken Social Scene.
4 with 30,000, and Disney’s “Lemonade Mouth” soundtrack is in fifth place with slightly less than 30,000.
The one-year payroll tax cut and a separate tax credit that Democrats have proposed for small businesses that add workers would cost $265 billion, according to Congressional analysts.
“It is Christian-centered, yes, but I have invited and welcome people of all faiths to attend,” he said in an e-mail on Friday.
He also questioned whether the government had the right to impose a $20 billion penalty on the banks — and then use that money for (heaven forbid) mortgage modifications.
report on reimbursements by the Department of Energy raised questions about how that department handles requests for amounts that exceed its minimum standard.
As far as poetry speaking for the culture it springs from, Orr says, so might “joining the Coney Island Polar Bear Club or collecting interesting bits of bark.” In the end, poetry matters to the people it matters to for the same reason that anything appeals to anyone, which is that they love it.
The Supreme Court case is an appeal of Judge Ginsburg’s decision.
“I’ve heard a lot of marketing people and managers say, ‘You have to make it simple because of iTunes.’ People are conscious of this.” Starting in the late 1960s the album cover developed into an art form unto itself.
It’s called taking the bad with the good.
TENNESSEE July 2002 LENGTH Three days ISSUE Lawmakers haggled over proposed taxes to resolve an $800 million deficit.
The authorities usually have to stumble upon the weapon in, say, a traffic stop or some other encounter, and run the person’s name through various record checks.
In 2003 the book brought $32,200 at a Swann sale.
Trading volume was also unusually high, an indication that at least some insiders had decided to sell.
Nassau County Museum of Art, 1 Museum Drive.
North American moviegoers were in the mood to be scared over the weekend, powering the micro-budgeted “Paranormal Activity 3” to a stronger-than-anticipated $54 million in ticket sales.
has said it considers theft of copper wire to be a threat to the nation’s baseline ability to function.
The nodes in the network of the Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association , the city’s largest police union, continued humming with seemingly mundane notifications — but this time they were being intercepted by investigators on wiretaps, prosecutors said.
Wouldn’t that mean that something made it happen?
(Although the drawings for the piece were conceived and executed well before the earthquake and tsunami devastated the Tohoku region of northern Japan last March, some saw in it an allusion to these events.)
“We called it the day everyone went blind,” said Mr. Castellani, the author of a book about the New York system of caring for the developmentally disabled.
With the Spurs’ penchant for closing games widely renown, the reverse occurred.
Krispy Kreme Powder Cake doughnuts.
For appropriate comparison, however, the Seahawks probably have to look outside the N.F.L.
Judge Rakoff’s ruling shook a central pillar of federal securities law, potentially upending a practice that allows the S.E.C.
During the financial crisis, hedge funds stuffed billions of dollars into such accounts.
But the real issue remains: Where are all the gay vampires, werewolves, witches and just plain ordinary kids-in-a-story (as opposed to kids-with-a-story)?
TRAFFIC LIGHT Seeking publicity for his music career, a man held court atop the traffic-light apparatus on 44th Street and Seventh Avenue for nearly two hours on Tuesday, attracting a camera-wielding crowd and closing down three blocks of traffic in the middle of Times Square.
“I love the neon noose,” she said.
In recent months, the president’s brother Ahmed Wali Karzai and the mayor, Ghulam Haider Hamidi , were assassinated there.
“We for sure don’t have forecasting ability over 30 years,” he said.
Simon Shaw, head of Sotheby’s Impressionist and modern art department in New York, called the appeal for a Klimt landscape like this “global.” It is expected to get attention from what he described as “the traditional base of European and American collectors.” But he also said the painting would attract Asian collectors who have come into the market recently.
Color, which says it is overhauling its app, is just one of the start-ups that have set tongues wagging about bubbly excess in Silicon Valley.
The song introduced a show titled “The Best Things in Life” that was far from euphoric.
City Ballet’s fall season also includes the elegant Charles Askegard’s farewell performance and, before the annual “Nutcracker” marathon (Nov. 25-Dec. 31), a taste of the company’s vast mixed repertory.
Give me a little bit of respect.” Mr. Dicks replied, “I yield to the gentleman,” then conceded: “You’re such a handsome guy, I thought you spoke twice.
For instance, she has been leading a campaign in the past year to start a charter school for youths who have served prison time.
Recently, I missed an interview because I was 20 minutes late and the subject assumed I was a no-show.
And they still had to pay off the mortgage on a house that no longer existed.
Many of the site’s members, he said, work day jobs at major technology companies like Apple and work in their off hours to develop open-source software that can fly seagull-size drones.
With Rick Ross, Keri Hilson, Far East Movement and Lloyd.
He routinely meets his match in the people of New York, a city full of folks wandering the sidewalks ready with a bon mot or a stream of invective for anyone with a microphone (presuming the interactions are genuine, which the show insists they are).
A Web browser add-on like InvisibleHand is also useful: it alerts you when a product for which you’ve searched is cheaper on another Web site.
“We should not be waiting any longer.” If the collapse of the euro seemed imminent, the central bank would become lender of last resort to countries like Italy, many analysts say.
The trading, he said, instead was based on public information and a common “phenomenon” within the exchange-traded fund industry.
A dagger (†) indicates that some retailers report receiving bulk orders.
I’m finding it hard to figure out what, exactly, Republicans think about vegetables.
The group plans to assess government performance and press for democracy.
Here are the contenders:  Michael Steele , the embattled chairman who surprised fellow Republicans by seeking a second term, is believed to be leading the way in the number of early commitments.
GETTING IN After work, the entrance is inviting.
It’s sleepy little communities; there’s never any gun violence.”
Great-grandmother to Rebecca, Stephanie, and Andrew.
“Will take a while to make up.” A JOAN CRAWFORD SALE Ephemera from Joan Crawford’s career and complicated love life ended up in files at the home of one of her adopted daughters, Cathy LaLonde.
After a natural sequence to three no-trump, West led a fourth-highest diamond deuce, which ran around to declarer’s nine.
On Wednesday, two armed guards ordered Mr. Kirkpatrick and the two other men out of the vehicle, which was displaying the rebel flag.
Mr. Perry often points to the example of Galveston County in Texas as a place that opted out of Social Security in favor of a locally run savings plan.
Or, if you don’t, imagine the Beach Boys performing “Cabaret.” Which is appropriate, because “Much Ado” does have its dark side.
Predictably, within months of signing the contract, VaxGen slipped off schedule and was technically in breach.
In other words, Ms. Haberle is impressive enough to make the gut-wrenching overdrive of Greek tragedy seem completely plausible in the age of Twitter.
In the very first months of the Civil War — after Baker, Mallory and Townsend breached their own wall, and Butler shrugged — slavery’s iron curtain began falling all across the South.
But the company also revised its forecast for the current quarter, indicating worries about the impact of the Japan earthquake, continued softness in sales of personal computers and lower operating profits in its services unit from a reorganization.
A tsunami rolled into northeast Japan minutes later, swamping six reactors lined up along the coastline.
New World Stages, 340 West 50th Street, Clinton, (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com .
Berkshire’s investors experienced similarly strong gains over the same period.
But cervical cancer rates, for example, are also higher among blacks and Hispanics, yet there is no difference by race in screening for that disease.
Century then adds assault-style features like a high-capacity magazine and a bayonet.
... “At the town center, Mr. and Mrs. Reagan visited the pub run by John O’Farrell, who first capitalized on the news of the President’s lineage and named his establishment the Ronald Reagan in 1981.
I thought about the bad roads and the Ukrainian policemen, about the stress of crossing the border — not even knowing that getting back would involve a four-hour wait at customs the next day — and, weighing it all, I told him I would.
Then it’s juicy with turkey juices, not tap water and salt.
“We like ‘being present,’ we like having it ‘be like something to be me.’ ” Humphrey ingeniously works out the many consequences of this apparently simple fact.
He has serious weaponry at his disposal in Britain,” she said.
He spent a brief period as a USAF Doctor at Andrews AFB.
Now the A6 pulls up to the curb for its premiere and draws little notice; all the paparazzi are crowding around the dashing A7.
She learned this preparation from a “receipt” (that is, a recipe) in her 1750 edition of “The Compleat Housewife: Or Accomplish’d Gentlewoman’s Companion.” Tricks like these were once common knowledge among kitchen gardeners, said Joel Fry, the curator at Bartram’s Garden in Philadelphia, which dates from 1728.
On those same benches on Sunday afternoons, I would socialize with other young, professional French mothers.
''We've come a long way to addressing what they spoke about in their letter,'' Robert Greifeld, Nasdaq's chief executive, said in a telephone interview, referring to NYSE Euronext's board.
Since 1990, a New York Police Department report on “shooting restraint” shows, officers have shot and killed 375 people.
I want to have a festive night but also keep it laid-back.
If there are hopeful signs during an election year, they may be willing to forget earlier problems.
Members of a troupe called Raw Metal Dance , they combine comedy, circus and virtuosic intensity.
After the country was nearly up in arms from a Facebook-led protest over the cost of cottage cheese — a daily staple — a few weeks ago, companies slashed the price by 25 percent.
He also added a model for Eris, another dwarf planet.
He -- along with JEREMIAH J. HARRIS, who became his producing partner -- were able to raise tens of millions of dollars.
Bradshaw, below, is supposed to be the featured back.
As a result, we have very little training on how to talk about and deal with the emotional issues that are inherent to our financial lives.
Detroit went on to win, 4-1.
Though loud guitar, drinking and sunshine will be in plentiful supply, cheap beer, corndogs and funnel cake will not.
Mr. Perley had only come back to the farm the night before with his nieces after a long trip to New Jersey, where he had visited relatives and had a pacemaker installed.
playing pop and rock; singing and dancing for everyone; and coloring books for young wallflowers.
“This is more than a sports medicine problem,” said Dr. Edward Wojtys, the director of sports medicine at the University of Michigan.
He said that his motivation in donating a kidney was not getting back Jordan as a player, but giving him “just a chance to be a college freshman.” “I couldn’t believe what he had endured,” Walter said.
The banking authority’s assessment on Thursday underscored how those assumptions had been shattered, especially as the sovereign crisis swirled to Italy and larger countries.
I wish the food were more adventuresome: they’re selling tuna tartare (maybe it’s time to find a new trendy dish?
In 1993, North Carolina became the last U.S. state to do so.
Through his administration’s relentless focus on public health, Mr. Bloomberg told the gathering, New Yorkers had seen their life expectancy rise by more than a year and a half, to more than 79 years, faster and higher than for Americans over all.
The company is also playing the patriotic card by contending that the deal will “strengthen and expand critical infrastructure for our nation’s future” and will “help achieve the president’s goals for a high-speed, wirelessly connected America.” All of that may be true.
Their public argument was the presence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.
I’m talking about Rich Lynch, the No.
“This market has been gripped with fear for a long time,” said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at Rockwell Global Capital.
Gary Chaison Worcester, Mass., Jan. 2, 2011 The writer is a professor of industrial relations at the Graduate School of Management, Clark University.
Dr. Axel was helping her clear out her apartment in San Francisco when he heard he had won the Nobel Prize .
Ms. Coyne, meanwhile, has started making her own cleaning formulas, body products and natural medicines, with materials from the garden.
He graduated from Boston College.
Strangers when they met, they nonetheless had much in common, including sheer tonnage.
And they take away more pain points than a whole bottle of Advil.
But when it comes to producing animals, zero is pretty much what you’re going to see.
Santana will refrain from throwing until he regains full strength in his arm.
The number of students receiving subsidized lunches rose to 21 million last school year from 18 million in 2006-7, a 17 percent increase, according to an analysis by The New York Times of data from the Department of Agriculture, which administers the meals program .
“My karma was to serve unfortunate people.” Mr. Nepali built an orphanage in Katmandu and last year started a Curry Without Worry there.
By the government’s estimates, the pipeline would pay for itself in 18 months.
“I always enjoy his company and his game and the people that follow him,” Mediate said.
During reading vocabulary exercises, hands are raised often, accompanied by exuberant shouts of “Mr.
“Not everybody needs to be in nursing homes,” Mr. Doar said.
What’s more impressive, though, is that even the economic underachievers among college graduates earn more than the typical high school grad: A college graduate at the 25th percentile makes $730 per week, which is still 13.5 percent more than the median high school grad.
To the Editor: “ Glaxo’s Legal Problems Lead to New $3.4 Billion Charge ” (Business Day, Jan. 18) discussed the problems with the drugs Avandia and Paxil, both of which I prescribed for my patients in the past.
The living room has a fireplace, built-in bookcases and picture molding.
The cathedral is huge and there are a lot of chairs, and it is his job to move them.
(“Author here,” he keeps saying, by way of introduction.)
“Had an appropriate timely warning been sent earlier to the campus community, more individuals could have acted on the information and made decisions about their own safety,” the letter said.
The family will receive friends Friday, October 28, 7-9pm at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Ave at 81st St. Mass of Christian Burial, Saturday, October 29, 11:45am at St. Ignatius Loyola Church, Park Ave. at 84 St.
“It’s more like I’m having an experience than making a picture.” The process stood in stark contrast to the detached, effete image that often clung to Mr. Twombly.
Still, trading for Jimenez is a reasonable gamble for a team like the Indians, who cannot afford to sign an ace in free agency.
On Wednesday, a former UBS chairman, Peter Kurer, who left the bank in 2009, suggested that UBS and Credit Suisse should split their investment banking businesses from the rest of the banks to satisfy shareholders.
Mr. Blagojevich, in a statement on Wednesday, said that he had always maintained his innocence on all charges.
What are people afraid of?
The team is not exactly eating up the competition – it has lost all of its seven games so far – but the players do work well together, despite many of the refugees’ limited English.
Its citizens have no vote in any national or international body, but they are suffering and need to be heard.”
Let’s face it: men will be cads.
It has the authority to demand increased corporate disclosure — as it did in the 1990s in tightening rules on the disclosure of executive pay.
Mr. Kamara, 58, arrived at 9:15 a.m. Tuesday to the court, on the second floor of 66 John Street, which also contains hearing rooms for the Environmental Control Board (10th floor) and the Consumer Affairs and Health Departments (11th).
Though they come in powder and crystal form like traditional bath salts — hence their name — they differ in one crucial way: they are used as recreational drugs.
“He had a great sense of humor, and he got mine, which is very dry.” Two weeks later, they went on a first date.
(Mr. Ahearn was himself dressed in a morning coat with tails.)
And whether or not a vote on such a request passes, what is the harm in making the request?
He hopes his family will be approved for resettlement in the United States — in Phoenix, where he knows an Iraqi couple.
And, in an odd way, it reflects how I feel whenever I read Shakespeare or see his works performed.
Nationally, domestic and feral cats kill hundreds of millions of birds each year, according to the government.
Encourage them to use facts, statistics and explanations along with images, charts and graphs.
Visitors were encouraged to explore the market with a map that showed some of the traders the team got to know (“Anje & Mickey, 40 years on the market”; “Erjon from Albania, 12 years on the market”).
The city granted an experimental rezoning to residential from industrial, said Howard Cohen, the president of Context.
11, for instance — some of the ranked women had lost altitude and were spiraling off radar, in danger of joining next year’s “dropoff” list (Katie Couric, Carly Fiorina).
Rodriguez, the spark plug of Virginia Commonwealth ’s unlikely Final Four run, knocked Tonelli’s team out of the Florida state high school playoffs in consecutive seasons, the same way he helped eliminate Kansas, Florida State, Purdue, Georgetown and Southern California from the N.C.A.A.
It’s kind of gloppy.” Frankies 570’s Bellinis will feature fruit liqueurs and sorbets instead of purée, as well as the expected prosecco.
He is Todd Saunders, not Sanders, and he is Canadian, not Norwegian.
I’ve always liked the sauvignon blanc from Grgich Hills, for example, but we could not find a bottle.
“It goes too far,” she said.
(Paul Brunick) ‘One Day’ (PG-13, 1:47) The director Lone Scherfig (“An Education”) chronicles the not-quite courtship of an almost-couple — Anne Hathaway and Jim Sturgess — who meet as university students on July 15, 1988, and are revisited on that date in subsequent years, as they make their way through careers, relationships and other challenges.
Other than that, he is a centrist, just like I try to be.
Here was the Conqueror of Temptation, the Vanquisher of the Loreleis, he who would ruggedly resist the songs of the sirens, intended to represent corruption and vice.
This process has given us propensities to violence — our “inner demons” as well as “the better angels of our nature” (Abraham Lincoln’s words) — that incline us to be peaceful and cooperative.
I will not say whether I signed.
“It was funny.” Most of them gave it up, but Lex stayed with it.
Immediately, three Duma members wrote an article demanding tax and prosecutorial investigations into Golos, the only independent election-monitoring organization left in Russia.
The Next Big Thing designation from Disney led to a December concert within days of that phone call — for a crowd of 20,000 in Celebration, Fla., opening for the popster band Allstar Weekend.
Representative Nancy Pelosi, the House Democratic leader, looked on, askance.
Ms. Rose instead seems to be modeling herself after a reality television brand like Bethenny Frankel, who turned her appearance on “The Real Housewives of New York” into two reality show spinoffs, a series of diet books and a line of cocktail mixes that recently sold for a reported $120 million.
Microsoft may also push to integrate its newest acquisition, the Internet communications company Skype, into Yahoo.
Professor Reynolds is still surprised: “I get e-mails from people who I think of as much bigger deals than me, and they’re trying to get attention by having me link to something on my blog.” He describes his readers as “people on Capitol Hill,” “technogeeks” and “a truck driver who e-mails me regularly from the road.” While the blog gets up to 14 million page visits a month, it is also a “thought leader” in social networking circles, as measured by klout.com.
Switzerland has been acting as a mediator in thorny talks with Georgia , which, as a member of the trade organization, has the power to block Russia’s membership bid.
Teasingly, the cabin hid another quarter-mile ahead.
An affiliate of its current owners, Sun Capital Partners, will act as a “stalking horse” bidder, to set the floor for bids for Friendly’s.
It spent too much time and diverted too many resources trying to come up with its disastrous PlayBook tablet.
Like their counterparts entering the N.F.L., the N.B.A.
Actually, I think it’s a grand idea.”
Students and friends have described Thomas as gifted, intelligent and hip, a friend and mentor, having a zest for life with a constant quest for knowledge.
The Polish Communist regime had tried, unsuccessfully, to prevent the formation of Solidarity.
“With me, the biggest thing is confidence,” Dodge said.
The disclosure came as the middleman, Kenneth T. Robinson, pleaded guilty to securities fraud in the United States District Court in Newark.
What Current hopes will distinguish “Bar Karma” is primarily Mr. Wright and his ahead-of-the-curve reputation.
His father was Marco F. Hellman, an investment banker.
Sure, the banks have been flogged in Congress and are subject to the Dodd-Frank Act, but it does not seem that their financial clients are avoiding doing business with them.
While peak-oil advocates have in the past ridiculed optimistic industry expectations, the evidence continues to confound them.
An Army lawyer who has represented Sergeant Bram did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Among the new clients: the Central Bank of Ireland , which hired BlackRock to advise on the country’s financial woes, its largest assignment ever.
The rash of recent bombings risks undermining the psychological advantage that had come with increased American troop strength in southern Afghanistan.
Researchers have found that the hungry brain is a starved brain more susceptible to “self-regulation failure,” but a decent breakfast promotes strength, focus and tranquility.
Solyndra received conditional approval for the loan eight months earlier, and final approval two months earlier.
And then there was the problem of how to integrate a direct-sales force with an Internet sales channel, not something commonly done in the retail world.
Otherwise it abounds in teacherly niceties, testing these dancers in many fine but unshowy points.
An analysis of 260 employers that suspended their 401(k) matching contributions in the depths of the recession has found that most have restored them, although some now offer a lower level of benefits.
He is so well known as a crusader against abortion and same-sex marriage that it may surprise some voters and the news media that his interests in the Senate also included national security, foreign policy and entitlement programs.
“After all he’s gone through to get back to this point, it’s amazing to see what he’s accomplished so far.
This is just stupid.” Ms. Bachmann was wrong that Mrs. Obama wants the government to pay for breast pumps; the I.R.S.
Nobody was ever convicted in the April 1984 killing of Ms. Fletcher, who was among those fired on by a gunman from inside the Libyan embassy.
Today, the Dead Sea, the Sea of Galilee and the hot springs of Ein Gedi on the Dead Sea’s western shore, have become the basis for a thriving spa-based tourism industry.
Asked whether Mr. Perry might refuse to debate until Mr. Romney releases the returns, Mr.
Instead, good fortune brought them the conference’s best record.
De Basil had a habit, for example, of advertising the company as his own, as if Blum did not exist; and at the end of their first season, without consulting Blum, he invited Léonide Massine to replace Balanchine, who promptly left.
The revival, directed by Doug Hughes (“Doubt”), also received a Tony nomination for costume design but did not win in either category.
It took six semitrucks to move the collection, more than 75 tons in all.
After entering some basic demographic information, the hardest decision you’ll need to make is whether to visit the Social Security Web site (do it) to get an accurate projection of your Social Security benefits (You can also use the number on your paper statement that arrives in the mail).
“I am sorry for those who cursed at me.
So it is far from clear the drug will really help patients or get to market.
“Obviously time is relatively short,” he said, “and I hope we’ll be announcing something next week or right after Labor Day.” Mr. Segaller said “Need to Know” was being condensed for both financial and time slot reasons, noting that PBS, in addition to reducing the show’s funding, had scheduled a new festival of arts programs on Friday night.
Great energy for the last game here.
“It was all spontaneous, voluntary.
Participants were asked to name the worst part about having facial hair.
“We really have to explain better what it is we do.” That means explaining how supporting the arts doesn’t just mean supporting art or artists, but the restaurants near the theaters, the hotels people stay in to see the ballet and the taxis people take to museums.
But there is one current college player for whom world-class and speed might be used in the same paragraph, if not yet the same sentence.
Al Jazeera used to be known, somewhat unfairly, as the television network of Osama bin Laden.
The chairman of the French panel, Andrea Petrini , said he makes a point of choosing jurors “who travel a lot, and are open-minded,” and has complained that France’s major chefs and food critics can be too hidebound.
With Wes Welker sitting out, Brady’s first touchdown was a 13-yarder to the rookie tight end Rob Gronkowski and the second was to the veteran tight end Alge Crumpler.
Europe has no similar stimulus to help stoke a stronger recovery.
“People keep saying, ‘What next?,’ but, quite frankly, I think the citizens have taken it upon themselves to organize things around the country using the yellow theme, the theme of democracy.
Since then, the inflation measure favored by the Fed — the price index for personal consumption, excluding food and energy — has averaged 1.9 percent, annualized.
13, the Detroit Lions snagging him to pair with Ndamukong Suh.
There is still no clear consensus about how far the economic shocks will reverberate.
But the show went suavely on.
To the Editor: It is hard for school miracles to occur at a time of dire financial straits for many public schools.
The $4,190 cost (per person, based on double occupancy) includes accommodations and most meals.
“It’s taking beakers and flasks; putting in 90-10, 50-50, 60-40, see what the flavor profiles are,” said Mr. Bishop of both single and multiple blends, which have whimsical names like Pearadise, from Bosc pears ; Abby Road, from blackberries; Blushing Beauty Peach Wine; Amazing Grace, an apple wine mixed with cranberry juice; Happley ImPeared, Bishop’s signature apple-pear wine; and Berry Best Friends, a new sweet mix of blueberry, blackberry and apple.
Squeezing 72 percent more power out of virtually the same displacement required updated technology.
Michael Mayer is the director.
“We never thought this would happen to us.” In May, the financial strain become so overwhelming that they could not afford the rent, and they were forced to leave their apartment in Queens, where they had lived for three years.
With “Teen Wolf,” MTV is actually arriving kind of late to this Halloween party — cable is already crowded with sexy-monster shows, from HBO ’s “ True Blood ” to the CW’s “Vampire Diaries.” (Fun fact: Paramount’s MTV Films division actually had the rights to the first “Twilight” book back in 2004; they commissioned a script in which Bella, portrayed in the novels as freakishly accident-prone, is a star athlete, then put the project into turnaround.)
“The most important role was played by our aspiration to join NATO and the E.U.
Yes, I know, music may be incidental to their higher purpose, but they sure know how to pull music lovers into a church that for most of them is well out of the way.
They have won 6 of the 21 Belmonts that featured rubber matches between the Derby and the Preakness champions.
WHITE PLAINS The Westchester Tim Gunn will discuss style as part of the Liz Claiborne Fall 2011 Fashion Show.
The test for it has been used in the Olympics since 2004.
In a survey by the Korean Federation of Small and Medium Business last October, the biggest fear among small-business people was of losing customers to the expansion of big businesses.
CUC works with about 150 credit unions, most in New York state.
“There’s no obvious competition for No.
Know what you want to drink when the bartender asks you.
One of those patients died.
Last August, while practicing one-on-one moves, Doty drove for a left-handed layup and felt her left knee shift when she landed.
Her impending death and the revelation of her past infidelity send Matt into a tailspin.
“If it’s an impulse purchase that satisfies an immediate need, people won’t hesitate spending $50 or $100,” he said.
But suspicion and certainty are two different things.
He is demanding that South Korea drop its ban on beef from cattle older than 30 months, imposed after a scare over mad cow disease in the United States.
Mr. Valenty, who at one point worked for CIBC World Markets, did not respond to repeated calls seeking comment.
The NBC event, for instance, clocked in at two hours.
In a sentence that now seems like a bit of foreshadowing, Mr. Hastings also wrote, “It is possible we are moving too fast — it is hard to say.” Tens of thousands spoke out against the plan on Netflix’s Web site and others, and Netflix stock slid sharply.
The Hal Galper Trio and the Honey Ear Trio, jazz.
“We all feel really, really proud of what we accomplished this season,” Miller said.
This included an inquiry into the post-election violence; constitutional and institutional reforms; land reform; and action to promote national cohesion.
Not everyone will manage this as gracefully as Mrs. Onassis did.
It will be seen in Berlin in mid-November and in London during the Summer Olympics next year.
Every single camera on a damsel in distress.
The Confederate privateer, which had captured nine Northern vessels in less than two months, ran aground in foul weather off St. Augustine and on Aug. 18 had to be abandoned.
Still, the action prompted widespread criticism, and four of the museum’s benefactors, Jonathan Lee, Meryl Rose, Lois Foster and Gerald Fineberg, sued to stop any art sales.
Fridays through Sundays, noon to 6 p.m.; or by appointment.
The Brahms Second Symphony, on Monday, and the Beethoven Seventh Symphony, on Sunday, demonstrated what worked and what did not.
Democrats said the bill would put hundreds of thousands of construction workers back on the job.
Carolina’s Steve Smith has 530 receiving yards through four games, and is probably a better bet to lead the league in receiving yards this year.
And then I came stumbling out into the night, and walked silently between my parents, trying to imitate the child I’d been 90 minutes before and conceal my transformation into a woman in love.
None of them seem to notice that he’s a terrible actor.
A federal appellate court in Richmond, Va., on Thursday threw out a pair of cases challenging the constitutionality of President Obama’s 2010 health care law, ruling for varying reasons that the plaintiffs did not have legal standing to sue.
There are signs that, despite impassioned opposition by environmentalists who were once important Obama allies, he will give the project the green light .
If you just have a quick question, you can buy a day pass for $4.99, which gives you access for 36 hours.
Jazz Standard, 116 East 27th Street, Manhattan; jazzstandard.net, (212) 576-2232.
So, now as I enter the 7 th decade of life I have had to embrace some belt-tightening again at this late stage of the game.
Administration officials say that the United States has even fewer levers in the case of Syria, given that a military option has been all but ruled out and Syria still has support from Arab League members and other countries.
8 P.M. (NBC) AMERICA'S GOT TALENT The host Nick Cannon reveals the winner of the $1 million prize and a Las Vegas show.
Another traveler, Johanna Greeson, ended up driving about 500 miles from Cincinnati to her home in Durham, N.C., after her Delta Air Lines flight was canceled because of a snowstorm in late December.
In some patients, a chain reaction begins that can destroy tissue and muscle.
The genes were here, Fasano recalls thinking, courtesy of our European ancestors, and so was the gluten, a natural component of wheat that provides the elastic qualities that make for delicious baked goods.
Another indication is that proper introductions may still need to be made.
Most people say they’ll pay for genetic tests even if the predictions are sometimes wrong, and most people don’t seem to be traumatized even when they receive bad news.
“What we’re trying to do is level out the expectation for the cost of college so that people can be planful, so that they aren’t a freshman at one price and the sophomore year they have a huge hike in tuition,” Dr. Zimpher said.
The bridegroom’s mother is a registered nurse at the Bascom Palmer Eye Institute in Miami.
And in Zurich on Monday, those national team coaches and captains and journalists from around the world who know more about women’s soccer than the rest of us were quite clear on her position in the sport: Marta received more than 32 percent of the votes.
What do you think they care about and want?
The firm surveyed 2,844 employers with at least 10 employees.
Yes, merely railing against poverty cannot be Occupy Wall Street’s sole focus.
Loving Mother of Peter and his wife Angela.
Before we embarked on this Waldenesque life, the only thing I had ever used my hands for was picking up a book or typing on my keyboard; today, my family and I are living our own scrappy take on President Obama ’s promise of “Yes, we can!” Even if things turn around financially, I don’t think I could stomach going to Whole Foods (except maybe for olive oil) because my biggest revelation in terms of self-sufficiency is this: It is no big deal.
Recipe: Salt-and-Pepper Shrimp With Curried Pork Fat and Fennel Time: 30 minutes 1 stalk lemongrass 1 inch fresh ginger 1 head garlic, halved 1 tablespoon fennel seeds 5 pieces star anise 2 tablespoons black peppercorns 1 tablespoon white peppercorns 5 bay leaves 1 cinnamon stick 1 cup lard or rendered pork fat 2 cups canola or other neutral oil 3 pounds head-on shrimp 1 onion, cut into 1/2-by-2-inch strips 1 leek, cut into 1/2-by-2-inch strips 2 jalapeños, cut into 1/2-by-2-inch strips 1 large fennel bulb, cut into 1/2-by-2-inch strips 1 tablespoon ground turmeric, or more to taste Salt 2 teaspoons fried garlic or shallot (available in many Asian supermarkets), for garnish.
Such margin calls were expected.
But he was certain that Ms. Matosantos had given them the right guidance.
Years later, friends invited Ms. Weill and her husband — the longtime chairman of Carnegie Hall — to see Ailey in Harlem.
A flawed redistricting process has resulted in a flawed product.” The commission has been holding public hearings on proposed maps, which carve out an additional Congressional district, the state’s ninth.
officials, who say that the agency has for years fought battles over its budget.
Google introduced to the public its long-awaited solution for eventually replacing credit cards with mobile phones.
The teenage pop heartthrob Justin Bieber — surprisingly beaten for best new artist by the dexterous jazz bassist and singer Esperanza Spalding — shared a robotic group-dance number with his mentor Usher, who can’t help making Mr. Bieber look and sound like a twerp.
They wouldn’t move for the world.
Video A 21st-Century Public Space In May 2010, Berlin's Tempelhof Airport became a park.
Mr. Guggenheim, whose previous documentaries include the Oscar winner “An Inconvenient Truth,” here focuses on the making of U2’s acclaimed 1991 album, “Achtung Baby,” and the musicians’ thoughts as they revisit that music in 2011.
At G-Free NYC, she sells breads, granolas, cookies and cakes as well as more commonplace snacks that people who are gluten-intolerant can enjoy, like kale chips and popcorn.
For many people who own their apartments or houses or are similarly entrenched, moving isn’t an easy option.
Then, when it comes to sharing the most basic of our bounty, we punt.
He just kept providing what we needed.” Dr. Sencer’s C.D.C.
But the guns are out for him, especially since his wife, Anne Sinclair, a French journalist, said in an interview with the weekly Le Point that she would prefer that he not seek a second term as head of the monetary fund.
With his proletarian peaked cap and folksy speech, Mr. Luzhkov was Moscow’s colorful frontman for nearly two decades, though he is most likely to be remembered for the corruption that opponents say reached extremes during the latter years of his tenure.
In the meantime, he said, he will hit the ski slopes and repair his gear.
From day to day, it is often hard, if not impossible, to know exactly why a certain price moved the way it did.
However, for more than a year now Mr. Maliki has refused to implement this agreement, instead concentrating greater power in his own hands.
American Airlines Theater, 227 West 42nd Street , (212) 719-1300, roundabouttheatre.org.
But with today’s water-based paints, the paint you put in the pen stays usable indefinitely, said Ms. Wiener, who also created Slobproof Furniture, upholstered in material that repels mess and moisture.
For both the tennis and a friendship that was unyielding, the most engrossing rivalry of the amateur years was that of Don Budge, the son of a laundry-truck driver and one of the earliest American players from the West (Oakland), and Gottfried Von Cramm, a German aristocrat.
They then found that the Sonic hedgehog protein was indeed the long-sought digit-patterning signal.
Some political scientists have tried to explain these exceptions by resorting to an alphabet soup of economic indicators, conjuring obscure variables like R.D.P.I.P.C.
As a young violist, Mr. Vardi was a member of the NBC Symphony Orchestra under Arturo Toscanini; he made his solo recital debut in February 1941 at Town Hall to glowing notices.
Though he believes otherwise: “It’s the vibe; it’s not the accent,” he tells his friends, “which has to be: ‘I’m not trying to sleep with you.
Unless America acts rapidly to help create a successful unity government, Iraq is doomed.
SOUTHAMPTON The Shinnecock Museum ''It Is Good: Contemporary Life in the Shinnecock Community.''
Her nervousness was telepathically intense.
The overall profit is equal to 41 cents a share and brings the carmaker’s total earnings for 2011 to $6.6 billion, 4 percent more than the first nine months of 2010.
In Albuquerque, Tony Lynn and Myles Copeland were the only live local hosts left at the country music station KBQI.
Last fall, the Italian cyclist Alessandro Colo received a one-year ban from the Italian Olympic Committee for testing positive for clenbuterol, after claiming he ate tainted beef in Mexico.
THE FORGOTTEN GARDEN, by Kate Morton.
For starters, nothing is removable.
Budgets are tight, but cutting research today means watching other nations out-innovate us tomorrow.
Had my diagnosis come even three or four months later, my prognosis would have been much, much darker.
Moreover, political infighting hampers the ability of the government to achieve a steady reduction in the budget deficit.
I don’t like to overreact to Week 1, but the 2011 Chiefs seem more likely to resemble the 2009 squad than the division-winning champion version from last year.
I’ll try and think back to Mexico and just kind of go back on what I was thinking there to get me in that position.” Both Laird and Levin might also have been thinking about the specter of Woods chasing them on Sunday, had he made any kind of move.
It is just as questionable as AT&T’s original deal to merge with T-Mobile.
“Well,” she said, slowly, “it’s not the way it sounds.” Then, to her daughter’s amusement, she retold the story — exactly the same way, adding only, “I was going to have to pick her up at the restaurant anyway, so I figured I might as well go then and wait.” It isn’t easy to watch a daughter’s incipient forays into romance and sexuality.
Robert J. Shiller, the Yale economist who is the author of “Irrational Exuberance” and who helped develop the Standard & Poor’s/Case-Shiller Home Price Index, put himself in this last group.
On this week’s podcast, Mr. Rich talks more about Pauline Kael; Richard Brookhiser discusses his new biography of James Madison; and Jennifer Schuessler has best-seller news.
Her parents work for the Social Security Administration’s Office of Disability Adjudication and Review, her father as an administrative law judge in Brooklyn, her mother as a senior counsel in White Plains.
“I am willing to discuss all issues that might help us reduce our short- and long-term debt and grow our economy.
One of those players, the pitcher Roger Clemens, sat in a Washington courtroom on Thursday as the defendant in a federal perjury case for his denials of the accusations in Mitchell’s report .
It is a $55 three-course prix fixe that features three kinds of lobsters: Spicy Lobster “Arrabiatta” with Green Thumb Chilies over Pappardelle Pasta Curried Lobster with Young Ginger & Satur Farm’s Bok Choy Lobster “Potage” with Organic Root Vegetables & Garden Herbs Thank you and take care.
As I was drinking some water and taking in the awesome panorama, I noticed a hiker approaching.
Aging commanders of the anti-Soviet jihad supplied money and guns to young men, who struck a menacing pose by wearing the “pakul” hat of the great Tajik fighter Ahmed Shah Massoud, rather than the “karakul” hat favored by Hamid Karzai.
Yesterday for the general public came the really first appearance of the King and Queen since the coronation.
Everyone is lost,” Mauricio Junqueira, a money manager at Squanto Investimentos in Sao Paulo, Brazil, told Bloomberg.
He has been swimming there since he was a child, and still does laps three days a week.
The plan would include commitments to stem sudden and excessive fluctuations in agricultural prices; improve security of supplies; bolster transparency of information, especially about stocks; and improve risk management and the regulation of agricultural derivatives.
The All England Club asked the station to expand to its current three-station format to bring fans more of the action.
When we meet Joshua Foer, his memory is “nothing special.” A year later, he is able to memorize the order of a shuffled deck of cards in less than two minutes and the names of 99 people he’s just met.
“I think that’s really hard for senators to do.”
Barbara J. Garrison , who heads the Penn State chemistry department, called Mr. Heicklen “an enormously creative scientist” who “really liked to think outside the box and sometimes that meant that he ran counter to the establishment.” About his earlier marijuana arrests, Ms. Garrison said, “He had his own way of doing it, but he was really fighting for people who were in jail that he didn’t think belonged in jail.” Court records show that before Mr. Heicklen’s indictment last fall, he had been cited at least six times since October 2009 for distributing fliers without a permit at the entrance of the Manhattan federal courthouse.
And, city officials say and many outsiders agree, you ain’t seen nothin’ yet.
Just as paper money is valuable because people who use it believe it’s valuable, Facebook and Twitter — right this minute — have value entirely because a whole continent’s worth of people believe they have value.
Erdem’s blue-tinted floral prints and pleated lace skirts, with matching shoes and gloves, looked static, likes scenes from a party that has already happened.
“Oh, it’s up to us,” Mr. Dinges said.
Although Italy’s budget deficit is relatively low, the big concern among investors is that Italy, whose debts stand at 120 percent of its gross domestic product, will find it increasingly costly to borrow.
Memorial donations can be made to National Alliance on Mental Illness or American Heart Association.
(Even with a good map, though, navigating its confusing network of tunnels and walkways was a challenge.)
That devotion will live on in our work.
But I urge you, please don’t settle for happiness.
Jan Brewer of Arizona has been promoting her new memoir this week.
There, Benjamin C. West, the former superintendent of the House Press Gallery, recalled how the press gallery was often the recipient of treats.
It won’t work perfectly, but the stewards of overheating economies shouldn’t dismiss what seems a sensible gauge.
“If we keep local threats low, coral reefs will be able to get over the climate hump,” said Lauretta Burke, a reef biologist.
But ulterior motives animate the paintings in this slyly riddling show.
After a visual inspection, the car should be taken to a mechanic, Mr. Toprak said.
In New York last week Mr. Hollinghurst said that his intention had been to take gay life as much for granted as most novels take life among heterosexuals.
“We have to be able to execute,” Greene said.
They were full of delicious red-fruit flavors without being syrupy, over the top or, to use the dreaded phrase of wine marketers, “fruit forward.” They offered the rare combination of fruitiness and restraint.
“The uncertainty about a labor agreement will have a clear and cumulative effect on our revenues, and as our revenues are affected in a negative way, it obviously makes it harder, not easier, to reach an agreement,” Pash said.
Their idea, to create a hostel-like hotel for a sexy, vibrant clientele — while also preserving part of the Bowery’s past — reminded Mr.
But it is far from clear that the recall groups have the resources to gather the nearly 20,000 signatures needed to put a recall on the ballot next year.
Fandango’s best feature, though, actually has nothing to do with ticket purchases.
Clever turns of the phrase were not grist for the comedy mill that Ms. Davis, along with Bob Carroll Jr. and the producer Jess Oppenheimer, began running out of a studio back office in 1951.
The $7 billion project — designed by the architectural heavyweights Renzo Piano ; Skidmore, Owings and Merrill; and Diller Scofidio & Renfro — will create 6,000 permanent jobs, the university says.
Weeden, though, said he thought that being at least six years older did allow him to provide a mature perspective that might otherwise be lacking on the roster.
And the muddy field ignited Michaels’s temper again.
It was only through some weird confluence of Sonic Youth patronage and postfeminist studies that Madonna could be appreciated ironically.
The slump of the Sedin twins, who have totaled only 5 points in the finals, has also helped short out what once was a potent attack.
Kenneth L. Wainstein, who led the Justice Department’s national security division during the Bush administration, praised the Obama administration’s handling of the Warsame case, saying it showed the value of allowing the executive branch flexibility between using the military and criminal justice systems.
Where Chekhov’s stories within stories are frequently presented as entertainments, Ross’s tend to come fraught with menace.
The players association previously accused the league of “forum shopping,” for filing a pre-emptive lawsuit last summer in New York, in the owner-friendly Second Circuit.
“For the price of a cup of coffee, it’s possible to vaccinate a child against five killer diseases.” Bill Gates, who helped create GAVI and whose foundation has given it more than $1.5 billion, said the new money meant “we will be upping our sights” on how fast new vaccines can be made and how many children can be reached.
Several top players have followed a similar course in recent months.
Funny they are not, but these last efforts are unexpectedly moving.
Mr. Lauder, whose grandparents had emigrated from Hungary, was keen to re-establish a connection with his roots.
The appointment of Mr. Immelt, who will retain his posts at G.E., is not without complications for Mr. Obama.
Its stock was falling, too.
However, Mr. Benepe said, money is not the only criterion in awarding a license.
An asterisk (*) indicates that a book's sales are barely distinguishable from those of the book above it.
While Twitter isn’t rushing to go public like some of its larger peers, the microblogging service has no problem luring deep-pocketed investors.
We’d form a kind of cabaret line, minus the high kicks.
It forced five Oklahoma turnovers, intercepting two passes by quarterback Landry Jones, who also fumbled twice, both fumbles leading to touchdowns.
She was vacuuming, she said, and the guest, who had left the room minutes earlier, suddenly reappeared and “reached to try to kiss me behind my ear.” “I dropped my vacuum, and then he grabbed my body at the waist, and he was holding me close,” Ms. Cuturic recalled.
For future columns, we would like to hear from you about whatever movie-related subject piques your curiosity: individual films, industry trends, historical trivia.
Things had reached such a low.
For Mr. Stewart, the situation lends itself perfectly to the over-the-top outrage that the comedian loves so much.
today, November 21, you can discuss the following letter with the Ethicist, Ariel Kaminer.
She wanted to tell him how much her husband had enjoyed his company.
Partner at Sage Gray Todd and Sims 1951-1986, Townley & Updike 19871995, Snow Becker Krauss 1996-2011.
Representative Howard McKeon, chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, has promised legislation to prevent the cuts from taking effect.
If the job search is hard for single men, it is doubly so for single women who train for the ministry, in part because many evangelical denominations explicitly require a man to lead the congregation.
Fortunately, Mr. Blitzer said, Mr. Gingrich held his fire.
It’s preposterous, of course, not that that matters in modern Russia.
That video propelled her into the embrace of anti-abortion activists.
He had no answers for the past nine games, all elimination contests, all UConn victories.
We comforted students and escorted them to safety before heading home to our own families.
Teachers will have to agree to pay more into their pensions and health insurance plans, and to raise the retirement age to 65.
The reviews also did not look at potential abuses outside the foreclosure process, including unreasonable loan fees and misapplied loan payments.
“The yellow boxes are the ones the press covers,” he said.
Much scientific work remains undone, the report said.
He may be running out of time to win investors over.
I figured out that I didn’t want people to fear me and do things because of who I was.
At a tournament in Cincinnati in August, Federer discussed his intention to speak to Hingis about their possible partnership.
And because helmets are frequently exposed to the elements, they deteriorate over time.
But the truth of the bed is that it was commissioned by an inn in the town of Ware, in Hertfordshire, as an Elizabethan publicity stunt to advertise, I’m sure, something along the lines of “Have the best sex of your life in the biggest bed in England.” They spoke about it at the time.
He manages the flight to New York, and then secrets himself into the Museum of Natural History with suspiciously little difficulty.
The same with their Brilliant Gloss , made with green tea and possessed of a silky non-cloying texture.
At a nearby stand with a Dutch name that translated roughly as the Tasting Garden, there were more insects than garden.
“And if the art world is its own little bubble, at least we’re helping make that bubble a little bigger.” Not a bad thing in a society that can name more “Real Housewives” than artists.
“Today Julia Gillard and the Labor Party have confirmed in law their betrayal of the Australian people,” he wrote.
“We were down, 3-1, with two outs, so it’s going to be a different ballgame.” Reyes has made many plays that turned events in the Mets’ favor this season.
For more than two years the subdivision remained dormant.
The village of Hoffman Estates oversees the distribution of the Sears property tax revenue.
A few days turned into more than three months – thanks to the United States’ declaring war after the Pearl Harbor bombing – as Mr. Delano, later joined by his wife, Irene, crisscrossed the island.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation said the bomb was neutralized at the scene.
Since the first homeless Haitians started arriving here in the days following the quake, the camp has grown into a vast tent city of 50,000.
In Cunningham’s absence Mr. Carlson worked with him to get the timing right.
Ritz-Carlton promises a casual atmosphere at its six bars and restaurants, including one with Asian tapas beside the rooftop fire pits.
Mr. Obama, who has reaped political benefits from the standoff, welcomed the outcome.
These restraints are lessened when addressing public health concerns, and are essentially set aside when exigent circumstances require immediate action to protect the public health.
You are pursued by bad guys who are after the same loot and want to use it to take over the world.
Sometimes the harshest critics are readers.
And developers are converting the vacant upper floors into apartments, aimed mainly at the city’s young professionals.
Among those involved are Jessica Schumer, the daughter of Senator Charles E. Schumer; Himanshu Suri, a rapper and half of the group Das Racist ; and Amit Friedlander, a Stuyvesant graduate who received a diagnosis of Hodgkin’s lymphoma several years after the attack and has suggested that the two may be linked.
Overt political travel was often classified by the White House as government business and paid for by the Treasury.
Mr. Erwitt, now 82, delivers his visual gags with such economy and sweet-tempered lack of pretension that it is easy to overlook just how good he is at what he does.
But some analysts said that January in general was not considered a good bellwether month for the rest of the year.
Publishing contracts have not evolved as fast as the self-publishing opportunities for writers, making this case somewhat murky.
The union’s president, Bob King, said workers were already guaranteed at least a $3,500 profit-sharing check in 2012 based on profits already earned this year at G.M.
How to reassure without seeming to sugar-coat or patronize?
Who’s in the compound: We’re in the main house, which is the star.
Branch said he was inspired to write “I Am America” long before he heard of Mr. Cain or thought much about politics.
executives say that even more importantly, the unwinding operation — which was initially projected to cost at least $10 billion — has instead yielded a $4 billion operating profit.
On Tuesday, Qaim Ali Shah, the chief minister of Sindh Province, said there had been warnings of terrorist attacks in Karachi, the provincial capital.
It’s an important question, since we talk about food all the time.
The Earth Networks system will use “inverse modeling,” a technique that allows researchers to combine actual atmospheric data with the real-time weather information it already harvests — like wind direction and speed, atmospheric pressures and sunlight — to more accurately identify where greenhouse gases are coming from, where they are moving and how concentrations fluctuate over time and in various conditions.
They were actually treating the sovereign government of Ireland with complete contempt.” He added: “We’re fed up with hearing about canon law.
One having five keys scored in his favor, as Mr. Hoover did, should usually lose — but will pull out the victory about 18 percent of the time.
Oct. 28 at 8 p.m. $35 and $47.
He had a famous name — his father was secretary of state under President Jimmy Carter — and the support of the city’s political establishment.
And how will you be able to tell exactly when the thing has ended, as the pianissimo string tones (actually ppp and pppp) fade to silence?
He then quit the ring for several years.
Grandiose plans announced by some cities (like San Francisco in 2004) to help close the gap with citywide free wireless Internet access have mostly fizzled due to political disputes and financing.
They shoot for at least 31 rushing attempts per game.
Week in Review, Page 7 Op-Ed MAUREEN DOWD It's the archbishop versus the governor in the debate over same-sex marriage in New York.
By then, Dayron Robles of Cuba was already giving interviews after crossing the line first in the men’s 110 hurdles ahead of the surprising Richardson and the much more familiar Liu Xiang of China.
Those militias were responsible for 12 of the 14 deaths in June, many the result of rocket or mortar attacks on military bases.
But the great strength of the service is its large and rapidly increasing selection of films from the Criterion Collection, including many titles the company has not yet released in any format.
are affected; a famous maestro had to postpone a concert with them.
I saw the ugly side of people, and then I saw the good side.
tournament’s regional finals in 2009 with its first back-to-back losing seasons since 1967.
Program administrators then spent months deciding how to distribute the remaining money nationally.
They called for widespread testing to determine where the virus exists in the region and in what fish.
I can drive a stick shift.
The funeral for the boy swelled to capacity before its scheduled start time at 8:30, prompting many of the thousands who could not get in to gather behind police barricades, crowding neighborhood streets as they waited to pay their respects to the young boy, Leiby Kletzky , whose remains were discovered earlier in the day.
It is a legacy worth celebrating.
The paper also described how the police had limited their investigation to the role of Mr. Goodman and Mr. Mulcaire, failing to interview other editors and reporters at the tabloid.
And so in the first few episodes we see segments about an ONN reporter who has been kidnapped in Afghanistan and isn’t getting the hair and makeup support she needs; about a full federal mobilization directed at digging New Orleans out from under a projected dusting of snow; about a crisis in Congress because, thanks to years-long partisan paralysis, no one can remember the process for actually passing a bill.
“At this point, anything short of a compound fracture, you play.” In this postseason, defenses have struggled with countering Nowitzki’s array of awkward but potent jumpers.
The Giants claimed guard Herman Johnson off waivers from the Chicago Bears.
It’s a disappointing ending for the long-in-development musical that matched up rising star Aaron Tveit with Tony-winning actor Norbert Leo Butz, and featured music and lyrics by Scott Wittman and Marc Shaiman, book by Terrence McNally, choreography by Jerry Mitchell, and direction by Jack O’Brien.
When Armstrong was recovering from cancer, Merckx visited him in Texas.
“The mistake we made is that we opened the show,” he said, “because I should have realized that critics are too intelligent for real good entertainment.
He has an opt-out in his contract that would allow him to become a free agent if the Mets do not put him on the 25-man roster.
As a percentage of global generation it would account for just 14 percent, the same amount the association says it currently contributes.
Beyond those, there is a growing arsenal of unloaded guns, extra ammunition, stun guns, mace, throwing stars, butterfly knives and more, including a sword cane worthy of first-class gold and platinum travelers.
But she knew she wanted to remain near her grandmother on the Upper West Side, from which she also had an easy commute downtown to her job in advertising.
As for Capital One’s ability to issue yet more credit cards, this may be a problem, but the government is still grappling with the nation’s addiction to credit cards, as well as the real benefits in the form of credit this lending provides.
From 2003 to 2007, researchers tracked a large group of patients with serious conditions, including congestive heart failure and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
But there is only so much that worrying could accomplish.
If there was any doubt that Washington’s acrimonious debt fight created a new political reality, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky dashed it on Tuesday.
They want to make the eviction as expensive as possible.
“But it’s not hard to see who the best skiers were today, and those girls really deserved it.” Vonn would not commit to her four coming races at the world championships.
The gap created a shortfall over the past year of about $272,000 — or about 14 percent of her child care budget.
Beautiful Lady Agnes has limitations to overcome, and Lord Hallam’s overbearing mother shows occasional glimpses of wisdom and even warmth.
MANDEL--Merven, 90, beloved husband, father and grandfather and renowned aeronautical engineer passed away in his home.
LINDSAY BROOKE VOLKSWAGEN TRANSPORTER A Celebration of an Automotive and Cultural Icon By Richard Copping 150 color and 50 black-and-white photographs.
“Because I own the building, I can have a lot of books, and because I have a lot of books in a visible place, things can happen,” he said.
Conversely, when people were asked about their failings, a lack of self-control was at the top of the list.
These do not turn out to be tangential points.
Police were nowhere in sight as 30 to 40 young men and women laid waste to the mall.
Alex Ovechkin was a bull in a china shop for most of the night, knocking down Rangers left and right with a team-high six hits, but he was not much of a factor offensively.
The Packers found a running game late in the season, but they should not count on that against a Steelers defense that obliterates the run.
The book was well received in Britain as well as in this country.
Unseeded Angelique Kerber of Germany defeated Flavia Pennetta of Italy, 6-4, 4-6, 6-3, in a tense, hard-fought match that sent the German into the U.S. Open women’s semifinal, where she will face another surprise victor, Samatha Stosur of Australia.
Don’t expect any of those Joe Carter/Tino Martinez/Scott Podsednik home runs off closers in this World Series.
says “Greg Cosell: senior producer, NFL Films.” But business cards also say things like “Grigori Rasputin: religious counselor” or “Karl Rove: political consultant.” In other words, titles can be understating.
Uniting in common cause is their best hope of neutralizing Moktada al-Sadr, whose pro-Iran faction has long insisted that all American troops must leave.
What we are confident about is that all confirmed cases of C.T.E.
“It explained everything about volatile molecules, your brain, your olfactory bulb, memories.
They are descending from the lofty and, yes, sometimes ridiculous heights of philosophy into the real world of human moral, social, jurisprudential and political actions.
The third season began in early January with 8.45 million viewers, peaked later in the month with 8.9 million, and leveled off for the rest of the season, averaging 7.9 million for the 13 episodes.
Higher rates could make it harder for those countries to recover.
An iconic example of these swift changes is the recent discovery that Atlantic and Pacific populations of bowhead whales — long kept apart by the frozen Arctic — are now overlapping in the open waters of the Northwest Passage.
Mr. Panetta took a softer approach, balancing concerns about shortages of equipment and personnel with praise for the NATO’s accomplishments in Libya and Afghanistan.
And fuel is relatively a larger problem in California.
Most Democratic lawmakers voted for his budget last week even as some voiced concerns about its cuts.
The family requests that friends who wish to make memorial contributions direct them to the M.D.
What would you like them–or Mr. Wieland, if his story has inspired you–to know about their role in your efforts to reach the “finish lines” you have set for yourself?
No Xavi, Özil or Ribéry for support for van Persie.
Tyler Wilson could not get the offense settled.
He gave up a single to Brandon Inge, who was a defensive replacement last inning, to start the inning, and Santiago moved Inge over with a sacrifice bunt.
To the Editor: Re “ Wealthy Suburb Cuts Corners to Keep a Lid on School Taxes ” (front page, March 9): Your article on the tax burden in Bronxville, N.Y., reinforced the seemingly common belief that overcompensated teachers are the cause of the problem, while ignoring the fundamental economic issue inherent in the American model of suburban development.
Around the timbered town, twilight was settling and the bars were coming alive with D.J.-spun music, live bands, crackling fires and fondue.
A single-passenger 1939 Moto-Kar, built by scooter manufacturer Moto-Scoot, is more child's toy than automobile.
Mr. Montville tacks the young Knievel to the wall, wonderfully, calling him “pool-hall handsome, good chin, prominent nose, steady eyes, sandy hair combed back, semi-serious sideburns.” He catches the way the wingspans of Knievel’s jacket collars were the “same as a good-size pterodactyl.” This style, over nearly 400 pages, overheats and dies by the roadside.
When I told her I had run a personal best, she seemed as happy for me as she did for herself.
If you were a college-admissions director or a corporate human-resources manager selecting entry-level employees, wouldn’t you like to know which ones scored highest in grit or optimism or zest?
In the beginning we’ll probably try him out wide on the right.” Signed by M.L.S.
“We were living in the area and I had just given birth to my son, already had my daughter,” she said.
“I’m as frustrated as everybody else on the planet both with where we are and with the response,” said Sarah Rosen Wartell of the Center for American Progress.
Rupert has his own protective streak when it comes to his family, and has gone to great lengths to make them central to the News Corporation’s success structure.
“We are confident that we have fulfilled in all respects our responsibilities as trustee,” he said, adding that Mr. Schneiderman’s action fails to understand the “benefit the settlement would provide to investors.” Bank of America purchased Countrywide in a distress sale in early 2008.
He initially got snubbed by many venture capital firms, according to people with knowledge of the matter who would speak only anonymously because the talks were private.
The band would add as many as 10 new songs a week to their repertory of classic (and often obscure) country songs from the likes of Buck Owens, Merle Haggard, Conway Twitty and Ray Price.
Vows by Congressional Republicans to slash billions from the federal budget at a time when joblessness is high and the economy needs stimulus are reckless.
Sherman Alexie ’s “Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian,” which vibrantly speaks to every teenager’s predicament when achievement in life is at odds with the demoralized condition of his peer group, is a welcoming book for boys.
“Picasso and Marie-Thérèse” comes two years after “Picasso: Mosqueteros,” which similarly filled the same Gagosian space to overflowing and presented, Picasso-wise, a hard act to follow.
[New York Times, Salon] At Monday’s general assembly, protesters in Zuccotti Park agreed on rules banning theft, harassment and other crimes and asked its security group to enforce the code.
Also, it’s really cold this winter.
“A good day at the office, the car was amazing,” Vettel said.
Relatives and friends are invited to Funeral Services Sunday, 10am precisely, at Goldsteins' Rosenberg's Raphael Sacks, 6410 N. Broad St., Philadelphia, PA. Interment Old Montefiore Cemetery, New York.
Even that slowed rate of increase, which depends on uncertain Congressional approval, is fiscally unsustainable.
“I think this is about sheer criminality.” Despite an additional build-up in the number of riot police officers, many of them rushed to London from areas around the country, gangs of hooded young people appeared to be outmaneuvering the police for the third successive night.
From 1971 to 1974, the Miami Dolphins won 27 straight regular-season home games, so the Patriots can’t break that record this season.
“At $75,000 a year for a nursing home and $18,000 a year for home health care, most families cannot afford to pay out of pocket,” she said.
Most of the candles, letters and flowers that created memorials to the victims of the July 22 bombings in the capital and the attack at a youth leadership camp have been cleared away by city workers.
A Broadway concert starring Patti LuPone and Mandy Patinkin also closes the piano next month.
But out of desperation can come opportunity.
SHERMAN--Lowell peacefully on January 5, 2011, at the age of 84.
You need to make this a collaborative effort, not a top-down procurement project.” Dr. Brailer agreed and elaborated: “The experience in Britain is a warning to us.
That’s why we can’t throw every day.
Then a rocket-propelled grenade slammed into a wall about 50 yards away.
For the last part of the summer, she is working as a camp counselor, preparing for the SATs and trying to squeeze in some beach time in the Hamptons.
Engineered T-cells have attacked healthy tissue in patients at other centers.
Werth has never hit .300 or hit 40 homers, or driven in 100 runs in a season.
He finished the Ironman World Championship triathlon course in Hawaii in less than five days.
They have been fighting hard to prevent the E.P.A.
“It should be shut down.” Earlier this year, Gov.
After a carnage-filled afternoon along the craggy coast of Brittany, Mark Cavendish, a Briton racing for the HTC-Highroad team, reclaimed his status as one of the fastest men on two wheels after a frustrating start to the 2011 Tour de France .
It’s a calamity for our literary culture that so few of them write criticism on anything close to a regular basis.
But if Iran’s Quds Force was not, as the U.S. government case suggests, behind the plot, then who was?
But what happens if a designated youngster rejects that call?
He may be right, but this is also true: After their own devastating Game 6 loss, the 1986 Boston Red Sox took an early lead in Game 7 before crumbling to the Mets.
The man in red, played by Justin Brannan, was sitting in the Brooklyn office of his boss, City Councilman Vincent J. Gentile, whose district includes Bay Ridge and Dyker Heights.
For example, Robert Steel, the deputy mayor of New York City , gave an excellent speech on Dec. 16 on how to build a bioscience center in Brooklyn and how to build an engineering center on Staten Island or Roosevelt Island.
It is a rare for elite professional athletes to acknowledge inferiority, let alone a psychological disadvantage against an opponent.
Masterworks of Rock Photography,'' an exhibition featuring about 55 images of rock 'n' roll musicians.
The installation will illuminate Lower Manhattan from dusk on Sept. 11 to dawn on Sept. 12.
For example, Apple executives demonstrated the technology by asking an iPhone, “Do I need a raincoat today?” to which the device responded, “It sure looks like rain today.” While Apple’s decision not to call its new phone the iPhone 5, as many expected, raised some eyebrows, it has some precedent.
PHOTO: Sultan Khan on the sarangi.
And he made it.” Tony Parker led the Spurs with 20 points, but San Antonio sorely missed his backcourt partner, Ginobili, who had been listed as doubtful.
At such moments Fishbone is exactly where it has been since the 1980s: freewheeling down its own road, waiting for the world to catch up.
The commissioner directed the mayor’s three lawyers to make revisions and file a new plan.
Mr. Breedlove built his first land-speed car, the Spirit of America, in his father’s garage in the early ’60s and ran it at the Bonneville Salt Flats, using a surplus United States Air Force Sabre jet engine for propulsion.
A great defense alone can’t win a Super Bowl – only an all-time defense can.
Adolf Hitler would be the perfect foil for our next new character, what with his hair and that stupid-looking mustache and his goose-stepping.
By late afternoon Union forces controlled Port Royal Sound.
Of course those comparisons do the Spin Doctors no favors; you can only wonder about the malice that led their sound man to blast Nirvana’s “Lithium,” a curdled anthem from “Nevermind,” as a warm-up.
A flashpoint in the deal is a $385 million upfront loan from Fox that would reduce the annual rights fee to the team.
Those seeking a more subtle approach to declaring their love may take a cue from the M&M character Red, who is being featured in the Valentine’s Day campaign for My M&M’s, the personalized version of the chocolate candies.
On that basis, analysts on average expected 48 cents, according to I.B.E.S.
Bruce Museum, 1 Museum Drive.
has warned against any form of private-sector involvement that would cause either a payout of credit insurance or that would be judged a selective default by ratings agencies.
The graphs and percentages that make it into marketing materials — and are often embellished by sales representatives — have become questionable enough that the Federal Trade Commission has been asked to investigate helmet companies for misleading safety claims.
Since late in March, Mr. Smith, who grew up in Dallas, has been exploring the notion of barriers in New York — their role in the city’s past and present, as well as the human interactions they inspire.
“I had recently reread ‘The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter,’ so my ears perked up immediately.
Can we go to the confession stand?,’ ” she said.
He pointed to CBS’s success with its Victoria’s Secret fashion shows, so expect lingerie to be involved.
The Gentili family and Italian officials have been negotiating over the status of the painting, which the Brogan kept for safekeeping after the rest of the Baroque exhibit closed in September.
Roller-skating, especially on boxy, four-wheel skates, also seems to include fewer spills than ice-skating.
TAXES: $16,700 per year CONTACT: Tammy Koen, Gottesman Residential Real Estate; 512-917-3439; gottesmanresidential.com Birmingham, Ala. WHAT: A four-bedroom Tudor-style house built in 1934 HOW MUCH: $799,900 SIZE: 3,200 square feet PER SQUARE FOOT: $250 SETTING: This house is in the Redmont neighborhood.
It remains unclear whether Ireland could agree to realign its tax base as opposed to the rate.
The new Republican House won’t give Mr. Obama what he wants on issues like energy or immigration, anyway.
“For high-net-worth individuals, chances are the next year or so is going to be a challenging time,” said Chris Johnson, head of United States wealth advisory at Barclays Wealth.
A dagger (†) indicates that some retailers report receiving bulk orders.
This election, however, is not as much about the three first-time candidates, each of them a Democrat, but about the powerful interests backing them .
“It’s unorthodox, to say the least,” he said.
After that third operation in late summer, Doty spent three months regaining range of motion in the knee, strength and neuromuscular control.
“We thought the Loffles platform was fascinating.” Along with running commercials for the product on the site, Bonomo also is providing prizes, like a box of 24 taffy bars valued at $30.
We did what we said we were going to do.” The governor also used the occasion to offer a rare moment of political philosophizing.
MAC & Milk, now rebranded as Made, will also stream live shows and presentations from up-and-coming designers, as it did last year.
“I have always thought that we had a very strong argument,” said Jameel Jaffer, a lawyer for the A.C.L.U.
We’re like, “We don’t need this food.” It’s weird, you know, you manifest your anxieties in things that, looking back, don’t add up.
His production is clean-lined, strongly sung and dramatically focused.
The doornail-like character is Jacob Marley, Scrooge’s old business partner, of course.
“This was the most stringent penalty we could enforce without a release,” General Manager Jim Hendry said.
“The whole country is Hosni Mubarak,” said Adel el-Sayed as he stood on a sidewalk corner with four friends talking about current events on Sunday.
PHILADELPHIA ACQUISITIONS Since becoming director of the Philadelphia Museum of Art two years ago Timothy Rub has kept a pretty low profile, especially compared with his predecessor, Anne d’Harnoncourt, an outsize personality who died three years ago.
“Our society has laws that are not democratic,” Mr. Luzhkov told the opposition New Times magazine soon after his firing.
Q How is the New York market faring?
Even more, he is starting to develop the look of a No.
He sold a controlling interest in the airline Avianca in 2004 to the Brazilian entrepreneur Germán Efromovich, and the next year SABMiller, the South African brewing company, took control of Bavaria, a brewery acquired by Mr. Santo Domingo and his father, Mario, in the 1960s.
It looks cool, but it’s harder to drink — and who needs the trouble?
Dec. 11, 1 to 3 p.m. $2 and $3 with museum admission; $10 and $11.
Persons makes his way from rural to urban landscape, and he’s not happy about it.
The greatest sign of piety here may be an 1866 casket, carved from the wood of the recently fallen Herne’s Oak, an ancient tree mentioned in “The Merry Wives of Windsor,” commissioned by a Folio owner to house her treasure.
Some of the labels in this video are slightly different from the version that Facebook eventually rolled out, but they’re close enough that you’ll be able to follow the instructions without confusion.
At 7 p.m., Baryshnikov Arts Center, 450 West 37th Street, Manhattan, (866) 811-4111, bacnyc.org ; $15.
“Harlem has never been a world where a shooting like that is O.K.,” Ms. Bey-Grecia said.
The league discourages producers from triggering the special situation clause, he said, unless the artistic rationale is “very convincing,” adding that he believed “Priscilla” met that test.
Some college presidents will look at the Fiesta Bowl scandal as an isolated incident.
THOMAS TAIT was in New York last week for London Showrooms, a presentation of British talent.
The cascade of emotions, though, persists for Sheri Ladley-Calamusa, who lost her husband, James Ladley, 41, a bond broker at Cantor Fitzgerald.
The Senate-passed bill would provide $6.9 billion, none of it offset by cuts elsewhere in the budget.
The rules have changed, made it harder to play that kind of defense.
But we’d written them as carnivorous and roughly the same size as dwarves, so that just happened, and it was great.” Among the many quirks of the game is that it eschews the hyper-realistic imagery we have come to associate with video games in favor of primitive computer code that forces readers to use their own imagination.
At a different time of year, the whitewashed shack that is Harry’s Place might be mistaken for a farm stand or carnival booth.
But if that money does not materialize by midyear, the plan puts in place other deeper cuts, including eliminating seven days from the school year.
BRANCHBURG The Theater, Raritan Valley Community College “The Night Before Christmas Carol.” David Zum Brunnen, actor, in a one-man show.
These schools often cost much more than public institutions yet have dismal graduation rates and dubious curriculums.
“It would be a mistake at this point to give up the European leadership of the I.M.F.,” said a senior fund official, who would not be identified because the selection process was not complete.
LARRY BARKAN Tempe, Ariz., Nov. 8, 2011 To the Editor: I like Nassim Nicholas Taleb’s suggestion of ending bonuses for bankers.
The siinger Justin Bieber was No.
PETSCHEK--Alfred Edgar, 81 years old, died on May 2, 2011.
Mr. Navalny, whose fame and unabashed political ambitions are surely helped by his blue-eyed good looks and acidic sense of humor, has clearly touched a nerve in Russian society.
Digital devices would be used only for homework or programs that promote physical activity.
And yet, the holiest week on the Christian calendar found him preaching self-sacrifice and renewal to his flock as his mother and father once did.
And they have an annual gathering.
If you happened to watch Monday Night Football this week, you — unfortunately — know what I’m talking about.
Also on Monday, armed forces raided Heet, a western town along a landscape of rounded hills bordering Lebanon, to crush opposition there, residents said.
The group took out a series of fiery, full-page advertisements in The New York Times and other major dailies highlighting the mass murder, soliciting donations at the bottom of each one to pay for the next.
Still, after Biggie, Mr. Combs was always his own biggest product, and the managing and processing of his anguish was the thing that propelled him to stardom.
Real Madrid has equaled its all-time record of 15 straight victories in all competitions — 10 of 10 in La Liga.
For Mr. Segre’s film, he spoke in the local dialect, which he honed though voice lessons and by immersing himself in the fishing community.
An avid lifelong sailor, he was a member of the Larchmont Yacht Club and enjoyed sailing with the LYC Cruising Club, even skippering a 42-foot Beneteau at the start of a race four years ago.
As the White House and Congress wrangle over raising the debt ceiling and reducing the federal deficit, tax loopholes would seem to be an easy target for compromise.
A half-million dollar MacArthur “genius grant” might soothe my feelings.
“Sucka for You” awkwardly emulates the sort of funk-pop anthem now associated with Cee Lo Green.
As long as there are still checks, you must still have money!
As of Thursday, City Hall had 1,123 check-ins, according to Foursquare.
Using the car as an intermediary, Ms. Romero has created installations, objects and participatory art works.
Metropolitan Walks will lead a tour addressing these milestones, meeting at 2 p.m. at Christopher Park, Christopher Street and Seventh Avenue South.
“When you buy an index fund you are hoping for diversification,” he said.
Now a legislative bill abolishing it was waiting for his signature, or his veto.
Here there is a necessary acknowledgement that things can go wrong during gestation — but also a dawning sense that intrauterine conditions make a lot of things go right , that the prenatal period is where many of the springs of health and strength and well-being are found.
''In response to rampant speculationand reports about ourhead coaching position and MikeBrown, we've met with Mike andare very impressed by him,'' theLakers said in a statementWednesday.
Mr. Scheuer says he believes that Americans, including many experts, have wildly misjudged the uprisings by focusing on the secular, English-speaking, Westernized protesters who are a natural draw for television.
He attributed the lack of a Division I undefeated team to numerous variables, everything from players’ biorhythms to bad weather.
“They are sending a very negative message to the international community that Bahrain is not moving in the right direction in terms of respecting human rights,” Mr. Maskati said.
I have come to learn, as many of his friends and colleagues have recently told me, that he can beat up a face like nobody’s business.
The stainless steel base is topped with ersatz grass recycled from local school football fields — sometimes complete with a yard line.
He “made the decision to end his life before being humiliated or having to go through some other situation,” Senator Isabel Allende, his daughter, said Tuesday.
Follow Mike Tanier on Twitter: twitter.com/FO_MTanier
While the American government routinely eavesdrops on some embassies inside the United States, intelligence collection against allies is always politically delicate, especially one as close as Israel.
“Stay between the raindrops,” Mr. Massino said, explaining his thinking.
One trailer housed the Tide Loads of Hope mobile laundry, first dispatched to post-Katrina New Orleans in 2005, which provided free wash-and-fold service.
In Mr. Mattingly’s tenure at the agency, he hired hundreds of caseworkers in an effort to reduce the average load per worker, but the agency also faced strong criticism in prominent cases, including the death last fall of Marchella Pierce, a 4-year-old who weighed 18 pounds.
“I’ve had 15 best sellers in a row at this point, and I knew within a minute that this would not be one,” Mr. Patterson said from his home in Martha’s Vineyard on Friday.
You knew, probably, that wealth has its privileges, but you probably didn’t realize that one of them is the right to shoot out a friend’s eyeball.
But Mr. Kilroy spends more time exploring purple verbiage than emotional truths, reducing Bosie to a bloviating codger.
Mr. Opalka, who lived in Teillé, near Le Mans, and Venice, is survived by his wife, Marie-Madeleine.
21C’s 90 rooms start at $200.
“I feel like a rookie right now,” he said, referring to his uncertain status.
Massachusetts could face a “serious cash flow issue” if the federal debt limit is not raised and the state stops receiving the $200 million in federal reimbursements it counts on each week for programs like Medicaid and food assistance, Gov.
Always provocative and critical of the United States and Israel, it has covered the Egyptian protests breathlessly, as it did Tunisia’s, sometimes even egging the protesters on.
He spent most of his career in software development and information technology.
''I don't want to get involved,'' he said, and shrank away from the gun.
To prepare, you might scan the articles or summaries on today’s paper .
It was closed in April 2010.
The deaths came as the latest of numerous resolution efforts by African leaders ended: the presidents of Chad, Mauritania, South Africa and Tanzania were leaving Abidjan to the sound of gunfire after meeting with Mr. Gbagbo and Mr. Ouattara on Monday and Tuesday.
These are just fleeting images; these pieces are full of them.
“I was thankful for the opportunity,” Rivera said.
But equally, health services are owed to all citizens.
Congressional Republicans were not, however, sounding that conciliatory; they promptly fired off e-mails to let their displeasure with the idea of tax increases be known.
The Walther Collection Project Space, 526 West 26th Street, Suite 718, (212) 352-0683, walthercollection.com .
Both losing streaks featured some close losses–six losses in each steak were by 7 points or less.
Initially, I was scared to death someone would find out I didn’t know what I was doing.
There were forceful critics of these spectacles, people who thought a no-holds-barred fight was a shameful about-face in the march of civilization.
The kitchen has a cooktop island, dark wood cabinets and white granite countertops.
That move essentially breached a fundamental Wall Street rule: customer money must remain separate from company cash.
“The thing is, I like the competition, I like the pressure, I like to try to get out of it,” said Robertson, who has stranded 19 of his last 23 inherited runners.
In addition, Senate Republican leaders would go after “millionaires and billionaires,” not by raising their taxes but by making them ineligible for unemployment compensation and food stamps and increasing their Medicare premiums.
Too dry and it is like the desert: sand with no fertility.
9:56 a.m. | Updated It’s time to pause and recall the life and spirit of Wangari Maathai, who died of cancer Sunday in a Nairobi hospital .
“We’re all dealing with the toilets overflowing and the kids screaming.” Still, the conference was like Old Home Week for some of the original military bloggers, including Matthew Burden of BlackFive ; Mark Seavey, who blogs as TSO at This Ain’t Hell ; and Mike St. Jacques, better known as The Sniper .
“I have no idea, really, what people are going to make of it,” he told me when I first met him, adding that he planned to supplement the paintings and sculpture with a country store’s produce and pork products from his pigs, to serve at the opening and sell during the run of the show.
Sabathia struck out the first two batters he faced, but Delmon Young launched a fly ball just out of the reach of Nick Swisher in right field.
In August, he is to start law school at the University of North Carolina.
of the World Series, his records were 10-11 and 12-11.
HSBC said a purchasing managers’ index reading of as low as 48 in China still pointed to annual growth of 12 to 13 percent in industrial output.
In the final bust Copland has a wry smile.
And ESPN, whose current cable deal had two years remaining, will carry everything that NBC previously showed.
“We know that one of the best things you can do if you want people to go straight and lead a law-abiding life when they get out of prison is to continue family contact while they’re in prison,” he said.
Two real estate investment trusts, Orchid Island Capital and Eola Property Trust, have withdrawn their filings.
Now comes its balance-righting the sequel, a nearly all-male affair that attempts to take the measure of — what to call it?
“Governor Perry has been consistent on his policies.
Conflicting reports about the negotiations have fed market confusion.
Vertebrae in his neck and upper back popped in sequence, like a line of firecrackers going off.” Meet our assassin, a terminally ill Vietnam vet on his final job.
Yet American rockets were nevertheless cobbled together from instruments of war, their craftsmen drawn from the same network of systems engineers that was devised to manage the arms race and its doomsday scenarios.
That helped to increase membership, and in 1983 we started to acquire other clubs.
Clearly the work being done here is on a par with almost anything the company has undertaken, and in some ways finer.
In each case, that prominence was not to last.
As for food products, measures have been taken to prevent domestic distribution of those products that have a higher radiation level than the standard set in accordance with the recommendations of the International Commission on Radiological Protection.
That sounded like a bit of overkill, so I asked Mr. Bor for more explanation.
“The Spectacular of Vernacular,” examining the role of common, culturally specific imagery in the work of 26 contemporary artists.
Officials acknowledge that they are increasingly faced with hard choices over where to devote resources.
He might have to find a Plan B now that the measure was voted down, 57 percent to 43, on Monday.
He began to move his hands around.
The piece practically works as a radio play.
It kind of just felt normal and natural.
On islands from Shaw to Decatur, pastoral hills give way to broody forests and scrappy escarpments that overlook fjordlike inlets.
That small sum is mostly intended to discourage the leaving of unused and unusable bikes in storage ad infinitum, rather than to raise revenue.
On Saturday, the couple had a commitment ceremony at the Casa Marina Resort in Key West, Fla., that incorporated readings by friends and family members, with Mr. Silver stepping on a glass in the Jewish tradition and another exchange of vows.
The reality of high fuel costs, uncertain earnings and the weak dollars could potentially slow down the growth.” In fact, the higher fuel costs may have already put a damper on travel.
Only about 11 percent of gold has an industrial use.
“Only the Syrian government can stop this, and we do not have leverage over them,” said Shlomo Brom, a retired general at the Institute for National Security Studies at Tel Aviv University.
— LHS Yes, provided that neither college prohibits this, and provided that the early decision school is your student’s clear first choice of the two and that you are not seeking to compare financial aid offers and go with the most favorable award.
The vast majority, about 91 percent, of its hourly employees now work outside the United States.
It was heartwarming that almost 200 people thought about eating at Southfork Kitchen that night.
Second, those challenging the law do not question Congress’s power to regulate the “multitrillion-dollar health insurance industry,” but rather distinguish such regulation from a command for individuals to purchase that industry’s products.
Mr. Cavanagh’s Halloween post logged more than a thousand comments — the site typically gets 900 or so page views a day — and earned him the title of “Vigilante Blogger” from Gawker .
It comes with a wireless microphone that clips to your lapel.
The 4,000-square-foot space was not completely renovated — a home goods section will be ready for the grand opening on Nov. 19 — but shoppers seemed pleased with the mix of apparel, bedding and craft supplies for sale.
It will probably surprise some journalistic purists to learn that the news outlet that forked over $1,000 for Harold Bride’s harrowing tale — multiple times his annual salary — was not some sensationalist purveyor of yellow journalism, but The New York Times.
Both said they hoped at the time that American proposals would settle the differences.
In an interview, Essam el-Erian, a leader of the Brotherhood’s Freedom and Justice Party, argued that the unexpectedly high turnout for the parliamentary elections indicated a popular demand for more civilian control.
Oddly, perhaps, you hear something not dissimilar about men in an opposite environment: the preindustrial or just-industrializing, prefeminist or just-feminizing countries of the developing world.
New technology and especially growing energy demand from Brazil, China, India and much of the rest of the developing world, which helps keep energy prices high, has made it more feasible to tap so-called unconventional oil and gas resources — from natural gas and oil trapped in shale rock or sand or reservoirs miles below the ocean’s surface.
Look at her on the cover, with a manic grin, shouting the title in a pink speech bubble: “You Will Be My Friend!” (One is tempted to read it in a German accent.)
A long planned spinoff from Morgan Stanley - prompted by the Dodd-Frank financial overhaul - was delayed as result of the huge withdrawals and legal complications.
The Walt Disney Company is one cautionary tale.
This week, he thought of organizing a pro-Mubarak demonstration, but found few willing to join.
Unshaven and unfocused, living in a grungy Chinatown walkup and frequenting the last bar in Manhattan that does not brew its own bitters and charge $20 for an artisanal cocktail, Eddie is stuck on Page 1 of a long-overdue novel.
“I think they will earn their way out of this terrible malaise that has hit them because of the banks,” he told DealBook.
As she watched her mother break down in tears during an interview at her kitchen table, Willa struggled to maintain her composure.
Immediately Bertens (South) called for a low heart from the dummy and made his slam, taking three hearts, three diamonds and six clubs.
But these days, attention is focused on the lights of the radiation detector.
Manufacturing companies were canceling construction projects.
Right: Bonato with a group of Hacienda Montaecristo weavers in Valladolid.
That was not “presidential,” Mr. Rove quickly said.
They were young and evolving, which made their triumphs all the more enjoyable for a long-suffering fan base.
On closer inspection, however, it is riddled with spots and stains and even a few holes.
The lobbying for an extension of the carpool lane privileges is unlikely to bear fruit, said Ms. Pavley, a Democrat who drives a Prius but has no sticker.
Wieland interrupted the ride in late October in Ohio, returning to Los Angeles to receive an award and to make two speeches.
The institute recommends avoiding seats that are classified as Not Recommended.
When teams do, the results usually end up looking like what we saw in Carolina last season with Jimmy Clausen and David Gettis .
Its population is smaller than Sana’s but the protests here are even livelier.
At the Las Vegas conference, Chloe Sladden, the director of media partnerships at Twitter, cited the “Doctor Who” release-date strategy as an example of social media’s possibly affecting programming decisions.
Extensive new leading was installed but no new glass was needed.
Harvard can breathe easy on Friday when the Yale Glee Club performs at Carnegie Hall in a concert intentionally devoid of old school standards.
An Italian friend who is a very good cook likes to tell me she’s suspicious of any dish with more than three ingredients, or maybe four.
And the available amount of credit is often equivalent to the amount on deposit.
Can Payton return to the days when his offense dominated the league?
“It was a heady experience,” Mr. Rehnert remembered.
There are enough obstacles in this city — no need to dream up more of them.
“We have to redefine what is edible to include what is edible with the miracle berry,” he said.
Ultimately, I would love to be C.E.O.
Hockfield recently assembled a commission at M.I.T.
“It could be a horoscope thing,” Pettine said.
“If an HTC phone was labeled an iPhone or a Chevy was called a BMW people would get upset.
Is it fair to split this equally among all unit owners when the units on the second and third floors suffered no damage and would not benefit from this repair?
At the 2008 Beijing Games, Wanjiru set an Olympic record in winning the marathon in 2:06:32 on a blistering day that reached 86 degrees.
Facebook can hand out shares to only 499 individuals.
The panel intends to wrap up its work on Thursday, with the release of a book-length report that details multiple causes of the 2008 crisis, from deficiencies in regulatory oversight to Wall Street excesses that abetted the subprime housing bubble.
“The parts were rewritten many, many times.” Arrangements were also a balancing act, employing modest instruments that would not overdramatize the songs.
On the other side of the divide, Jonathan Haidt, a psychology professor at the University of Virginia , said of Mr. Sperber and Mr. Mercier, “Their work is important and points to some ways that the limits of reason can be overcome by putting people together in the right way, in particular to challenge people’s confirmation biases.” This “powerful idea,” he added, could have important real-world implications.
But city planners and the mayor of Addis Ababa, himself a former prisoner at Alem Bekagn, were dedicated to renewal — that is, to erasing anything old or embarrassing.
A farmer might very well have concurred, but Ms. Klemm does not deal in barns of the working variety.
If you want transparency, fairness and conscientiousness from your opponent, you have to become an exemplar of those virtues yourself.
“Comedy and stories and songs, and if you make the audience laugh, great.
At City Hall, officials in this town of 70,000 residents have posted a list of the 8,340 people who arrived safely at 41 makeshift shelters.
“They’d like the war to be over, and to have it done properly with no allied casualties or collateral damage to civilians.” Mr. Obama, however, has taken a gradualist approach that is based on America ’s bitter lessons in Iraq .
So belated happy birthday, George.
According to the S.E.C., one trader characterized this particular security in an all-too-candid e-mail as “possibly the best short EVER!” Compared with this, Goldman Sachs mortgage traders look like Boy Scouts.
If developed, they would generate toxic wastes that would threaten the Colorado River — the source of drinking water for roughly 27 million people — the aquifer and the Grand Canyon ecosystem in general.
He disappeared without a trace.” The police do not believe Mr. Helt was so intoxicated that he may have veered off the road and fallen into a crevice, as a former village police chief, George Sheeley, suggested in a recent interview.
But Mr. Gingrich has a number of factors working in his favor.
He learned the nuances of Augusta from soaking up what great players did when he played with them, the need for soft, short chip shots like the ones he watched Ben Crenshaw hit in 1984 when they were paired in the final round of Crenshaw’s first win.
According to the league’s calculations, at the end of the season, there will be 495 unrestricted free agents, up from roughly 300 in recent years.
A program will include — several times over — dances that range from pure form to communicative gesticulation; footwork that employs the ball of the foot and heel as well as an excitingly slap of the sole; a wonderfully pliancy of the spine as well as a sharply geometrical sense of addressing contrasting bodily directions (right versus left, one diagonal versus another).
But I am tempted to suggest that you tear out the last 50 pages or so.
''They got their visas and then they brought in people they claimed were their wives who really weren't,'' Sohier said.
Suicide, dismemberment and Ecstasy (without which the film’s soundtrack becomes virtually unbearable) pepper the communal narrative, while worthies like Moby mistily describe the freaks-and-fabulousness aesthetic of Mr. Gatien’s clubs as “Caligula with music.” Perched palely on a tall stool, rocking dark sunglasses or his signature eye patch, the gangly Mr. Gatien (who was deported in 2003 for tax evasion) remains largely an enigma.
20110609 Family Day in Swindler Cove Park (Saturday) How many things can you do during a day in the park?
Yet I have also seen swift, decisive responses to such acts, carried out by providers and state oversight agencies.
Its program, called Ed, began last July and has offered more than 100 classes on everything from “field trips to Facebook,” said Allison Kent-Smith, director for digital development at Goodby.
from identifying the institutions that received the payouts, even though the insurer argued that such disclosures were called for under securities laws.
and is now at Georgetown University.
They say he flushed the rest of his brother’s drugs down the toilet before the police arrived at their apartment.
Over the last three and a half weeks the exhibition has built itself into an unlikely kind of rock-concert phenomenon, with crowds lined up on West 21st Street as late at 2 a.m. on Saturdays, when the gallery remains open overnight to show the film in its entirety, in a makeshift theater space that seats about 80 people.
Not enough to actually do anything about it, though, once he was back in charge of a firm.
It’s the time of year for candy corn and horror flicks, so mistaking a new web advertisement attacking Representative Steve Israel for a film trailer about socialist zombies would be understandable.
But I’m really proud of it for what it is — sincere and not cynical.
He could face anywhere from probation to more than 30 years in prison on the three guilty counts as court proceedings continue next week.
After the Comodo case, Google, Mozilla and Microsoft rushed out patches so their browsers would recognize and reject the bad certificates.
Armstrong is under federal investigation for crimes including fraud, conspiracy, drug trafficking and money laundering, said a person briefed on the investigation who was not authorized to speak publicly on it.
So we ate midnight haricots verts at Les Deux Magots instead.
Indeed, it’s quite easy to see why negative advertising might mobilize voters.
“If it weren’t for the Independence Party, Mike Bloomberg might not have become mayor,” said Douglas Muzzio, a professor of public affairs at Baruch College.
“We just played off our defense.
ROSE MAURA LORRE Joe's Diner on Sycamore 1203 Sycamore Street (513) 421-5637 joesdineronsycamore.com Fish and chips ($6.95), patty melts ($7.95) and other greasy-spoon classics, as well as free Wi-Fi, can be had at Joe's, housed since August in an old chrome dining car.
He then got the chance he wanted to prattle on about how terrible America was.
The show is a result of two years, hundreds of studio visits and travel to more than 20 countries.
America’s partners go in knowing they do not bear ultimate responsibility for success or failure.
In her own eclectic career Ms. Rudolph has rocked out with the Rentals, a new-wave band with an ever-evolving lineup, and a Prince cover band called Princess .
Instead, give way to the process: plates served on a flower-bedecked lacquer tray, one after the other offering surprises and the taste of the now.
They also help protect memory .
The Labor Department said Thursday that the number of laid-off workers applying for unemployment benefits dropped by 22,000 last week to a seasonally adjusted 391,000.
In his testimony, Mr. Blankfein said that board members including Mr. Gupta had been privy to such information, which was not meant to be discussed with anyone outside Goldman.
A number of bankers and traders have left the bank for richer deals with rival banks.
But Mr. Romney is also eager to consolidate his support and increase his lead in the polls, and a collapse of Mr. Cain’s campaign could give him an opportunity to court voters who had not previously been willing to back him for the nomination.
That idea, that one’s gone and one’s here, it’s almost like playing God.
It is teeming with riches: gold, diamonds, timber, copper, tin and more.
“Well, they’re making a great effort on him,” Carlisle said.
STONY BROOK Long Island Museum of American Art, History and Carriages “William Sidney Mount: The Education of an Artist,” an exhibition exploring the career development of America’s best-known genre painter.
Mr. Ishiguro was so struck by Norwich and its surrounding county that he used it as inspiration for his 2005 novel “Never Let Me Go” (though the book was actually set in East Sussex, the 2010 movie adaptation was largely filmed in Norfolk County, home to Norwich).
Page A4 BRITAIN'S WITHDRAWAL PLAN Prime Minister David Cameron set a modest target for early British troop withdrawals from Afghanistan, deferring to British military commanders who have cautioned publicly against an accelerated schedule like the American withdrawals announced two weeks ago by President Obama.
According to a new research study by Dr. Cohen of more than 500 Brazilian women in the Boston area, one in five have used the product, and more of them took it after the recall than before.
Navy earned its 10th straight win in the rivalry, and its 12th in 13 years.
A vintage car for the weekend!
Keep in mind, too, that even if you do not end up qualifying for financial aid, the financial aid office can be helpful to you.
That would make him eligible to pitch Tuesday.
As important, that support exists because the United States-Israel alliance is mutually beneficial on so many levels (security, economics and technology, to name a few).
In Sunday’s case, that meant staring up at a Sony Jumbotron through a rain-dappled windshield for two hours.
Kabir Arghandiwal, his neighbor in a high-rise called the Capricon Tower, was an affable fellow who loved Ed Hardy shirts and Diesel shoes.
MR. GINGRICH: (I love humor disguised as a question ?).
The United States had long been a supporter of Mr. Saleh’s authoritarian rule, viewing it as the best way to combat Qaeda affiliates in Yemen.
What doesn’t he like about it?
New York erupted in protest.
The bride, 35, and the bridegroom, 36, met at Duke, from which they both graduated.
Those costs may not be incurred by someone making their own investments, or doing so through lower-cost vehicles.
DOLLY PARTON “Better Day” (Dolly Records/Warner Music Nashville) Not quite halfway into “Better Day,” Dolly Parton’s resolutely cheery new album, there’s a vow of principle called “Country Is as Country Does,” all two-step rhythm and honky-tonk churn.
Payments should begin at normal retirement age.
Reservations taken for parties of six or more.
A four-night trip for two people in mid-October to London from Newark, staying at the Radisson Edwardian Mercer Street Hotel, was $1,885 a person if the hotel and flight were purchased together at Expedia.com versus $3,629 if booked separately.
The question is, if you don’t publish it, how many more civilians will get hurt or killed, unnoticed by the outside world?
“ Romare Bearden: The Soul of Blackness – A Centennial Tribute ” opens July 15 and is on view through Jan. 7, 2012.
He said it would be established in coordination with the international community to offer large groups of Syrians protection from violence along borders with Jordan, Lebanon, Iraq and Turkey.
“Always we have a dream of owning a house,” he says.
failed to maximize revenue in its renegotiated television deals.
But not any more: demand from China , India and Brazil , among others, is now sending the prices of oil, grains, metals and other commodities higher than ever.
Goldman, it seems, still casts its spell on America.
Play ''Good People'' ''Jerusalem'' ''The ------------------------ With the Hat'' ''War Horse'' Musical ''The Book of Mormon'' ''Catch Me if You Can'' ''The Scottsboro Boys'' ''Sister Act'' Book of a Musical ''Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson'' ''The Book of Mormon'' ''The Scottsboro Boys'' ''Sister Act'' Original Score ''The Book of Mormon'' ''The Scottsboro Boys'' ''Sister Act'' ''Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown'' Play Revival ''Arcadia'' ''The Importance of Being Earnest'' ''The Merchant of Venice'' ''The Normal Heart'' Musical Revival ''Anything Goes'' ''How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying'' Actor, Play Brian Bedford, ''The Importance of Being Earnest'' Bobby Cannavale, ''The ------------------------ With the Hat'' Joe Mantello, ''The Normal Heart'' Al Pacino, ''The Merchant of Venice'' Mark Rylance, ''Jerusalem'' Actress, Play Nina Arianda, ''Born Yesterday'' Frances McDormand, ''Good People'' Lily Rabe, ''The Merchant of Venice'' Vanessa Redgrave, ''Driving Miss Daisy'' Hannah Yelland, ''Brief Encounter'' Actor, Musical Norbert Leo Butz, ''Catch Me if You Can'' Josh Gad, ''The Book of Mormon'' Joshua Henry, ''The Scottsboro Boys'' Andrew Rannells, ''The Book of Mormon'' Tony Sheldon, ''Priscilla Queen of the Desert'' Actress, Musical Sutton Foster, ''Anything Goes'' Beth Leavel, ''Baby It's You!''
“We’re giving kids a high-stakes test above and beyond what is age and developmentally appropriate.”
The ersatz reefs, meanwhile, were good for marine ecosystems and local economies alike.
Thirty-year-old Biathleng fled Myanmar’s Chin State for Delhi in June, with three children and a teenage wife.
“They must uphold the right to fair trial and they must not use the death penalty under any circumstances,” it said in a statement issued Thursday.
Most of all, Beilock wants to debunk the notion that society is separated into clutch players and chokers.
Is there an outsize responsibility of the I.P.C.C.
Ads were run in newspapers read by Jews like The Jewish Daily Forward, which proclaimed the rabbi’s certification that coffee was O.K.
Fitzgerald recalls 35,000 going to Twickenham when Munster played its first final against Northampton in 2000.
In its documents, baseball has accused McCourt of gross mismanagement and draining the team of millions of dollars to finance the personal lifestyles enjoyed by him and his estranged wife, Jamie.
“He was creating an operatic theatrical piece.” A restoration of the painting was recently completed, and it will be unveiled in a new frame as the centerpiece of the New American Wing Galleries for Paintings, Sculpture and Decorative Arts at the Met when the wing opens to the public on Jan. 16.
Ms. Cupid even has dreams of expanding.
An investment firm started by the two men had to pay back nearly $13 million two years ago when a hedge fund run by the scion of a wealthy New Orleans family collapsed in what was then regarded as one of Wall Street’s more brazen frauds.
The project, with Leslie Knope credited as author, was published by Hyperion Books last week.
Anyone who is appalled by our goofy game apps should now know that we’re immersing ourselves in art.
Writing in The New York Times, Bosley Crowther called the film ''intelligent and restrained and dignified.''
Half of the teachers who were convicted of sexually assaulting their students or others were given nothing more severe than a pay cut or a short suspension, according to the Education Ministry.
They are survived by their daughters, Sara (Doug Sovern), of Berkeley, CA, and Emily (John Darrah), of Cambridge, MA, and their granddaughters Maxine and Sadie Newmann Darrah.
COOPER-MULLIN--John Fulham, died of pancreatic cancer at his home in Irvington, New York, on March 29, 2011.
Late Wednesday, the company priced its offering at $22, at the low end of its projected range.
The armed wing of Hamas said in a statement that the two people who were killed were senior commanders, including Mr. Abu Snima.
''Open Sesame (The Blue Floor Show)'' is now on view at the Asia Song Society, the occasional gallery that Mr. Koh runs out of his whitewashed apartment at 45 Canal Street.
About the Best Sellers: These lists are an expanded version of those appearing in the July 10, 2011 print edition of the Book Review, reflecting sales for the week ending June 25, 2011.
Prosecutors this week modified their indictment for a third time, mainly to conform to Illston’s recent ruling to exclude some evidence that links Bonds to Anderson.
Hired by the head of the mortgage company’s government affairs shop, Robert Mitchell Delk, he stayed on through 2002.
China is building faster trains and newer airports.” He noted at another point that the world’s biggest private solar research facility and fastest supercomputer were now in China.
While he was hurt, another Cleveland first-base prospect, Ryan Garko, passed him.
Shackleford, at 9-2, will start from the No.
Under the current rules, this woman could get a lap band only if she was willing to pay $12,000 to $30,000 for the 30-minute surgery.
In the afternoon, he went to his grandparents’ house in nearby Mason and sat on the patio, smoking cigarettes and drinking.
It did not elaborate, but that terminology is usually meant to indicate the deaths were caused by enemy attack.
Her people pluck out their eyelashes, burn color pencils for eyeliner, search the bushes for cigarette butts.
He graduated summa cum laude from the University of Pennsylvania, from which he also received a master’s in history.
SMITHTOWN Smithtown Center for the Performing Arts “The Sound of Music,” book by Howard Lindsay and Russel Crouse, music by Richard Rodgers, lyrics by Oscar Hammerstein II.
A Memorial Service will be held later in the year.
Since the French Open in 2005, there has been just one other Grand Slam tournament in which neither Federer nor Rafael Nadal was in the final.
She was born on May 4, 1947, in England.
“The executors are examining whether it is legal to spread them down Second Avenue,” he said.
Does he know where the puck of public taste will come to rest two years from now?
A check with the police after the fact turned up this narrative: Officers went to 12 East 22nd Street around 12:45 p.m. after a man in apartment 11-C pointed a gun from his apartment to demand that some workers doing exterior work, on the outside of that building, leave.
Excessive drinking before Yale’s annual game against Harvard has been a chronic problem, with administrators at both universities drawing up elaborate rules each year on what types of vehicles will be allowed at the tailgate party.
Up until the 19th century, our sense of right and wrong was held to be sacrosanct, grounded in God and/or reason.
Charles M. Conlon has been deemed — on Lens, if not elsewhere — “ the greatest baseball photographer .” From 1904 to 1942, Mr. Conlon shot some 30,000 pictures of America’s pastime.
He was closer to being a Renaissance alchemist, a crossover wizard for whom empirical and mystical studies were inseparable.
The complex bill to carry out the austerity measures passed Thursday, with all 154 of the governing Socialists plus one conservative deputy voting in favor.
“But there is a force at work here that is much greater than those that would try to destroy me and destroy this campaign and this journey to the White House,” he said.
In that case, however, Mr. Amash was largely against the policies underlying most of the bills, which reflected Democratic control.
Mr. Youssef hatched a plan to send a 16-year-old girl to have sex with Boris.
“To be fa’afafine you have to be Samoan, born a man, feel you are a woman, be sexually attracted to males and, importantly, proud to be called and labeled fa’afafine,” Su’a said.
“We do not play the Little Sisters of the Poor,” he said at the time.
and other authorities — “schizophrenic word salads ,” his lawyers called them.
8 P.M. (ABC) CHARLIE'S ANGELS The Angels -- Kate Prince (Annie Ilonzeh), Eve French (Minka Kelly) and Abby Sampson (Rachael Taylor) -- go undercover to investigate the disappearance of a young fashion model.
“Meet Me in St. Louis” is often cited as the first movie musical to integrate its songs into a story line; the claim may be debatable, but Minnelli is certainly careful to use the musical numbers organically.
More on the Festival: What’s Performing at Performa
“I promised I would do everything I could to see that they get ahead in life.” After his mother’s death, Edward stopped speaking and fell behind in school.
You can't let them live on marshmallow Fluff and string cheese alone, but you don't have to worry too much.
“This,” he said, referring to the early morning sweep, “reminds everyone who was occupying exactly why they were occupying.” The midday arrests at the Canal Street lot unfolded next to a triangular space known as Duarte Square, for the first president of the Dominican Republic , Juan Pablo Duarte.
Sure, Davis’s fingerprints are visible, with his love of speed evident everywhere, writes Scott Ostler in The San Francisco Chronicle , but it will always be impossible to know how much of the Raiders’ recent resurgence dovetailed with Davis’s declining health because others were taking more of the reins.
But what about people who committed their offenses before the statute came into force but were not sentenced until afterward?
Proposed regulations aimed at addressing “systemic gaps” identified after Katrina were scheduled for release by the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services in January, but have been delayed.
He was to have led performances of Mahler’s Symphony No.
In Clarkstown, in Rockland County, voters are receiving an automated telephone call from the governor, urging them to re-elect their town supervisor.
Amid pages for Lady Gaga , Texas Hold’em Poker and Manchester United , Joyce Meyer Ministries is in the top 20, along with another page devoted to Jesus Christ , and the Spanish-language page Dios Es Bueno , or God Is Great.
But the process of rehabilitation appears to have advanced nowhere near enough — at least not yet — for Camilla, 63, to overcome the widespread opposition polls have shown to her ever being formally proclaimed queen if, and when, Charles, 62, becomes king.
is so ingrained that when potential party chairmen were asked last month to name their political hero, the moderator hastened to add “aside from President Reagan.” If the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation has any say, that qualifier will be repeated for decades.
Many staff members viewed her as haughty, surrounding herself with a small entourage she had imported from “Today,” according to one CBS employee.
They read at their computers, near enough for passers-by to touch.
He added: “If that’s your view of effective leadership with results, please stop, because you’re killing us.” As the rest of the field looked on, Mrs. Bachmann shot back that Mr. Pawlenty pursued policies as Minnesota governor that sound “a lot more like Barack Obama , if you ask me.” She cited his support for cap-and-trade environmental policies and for individual health care mandates.
With a few exceptions, what we tried from the menu was satisfying.
Dinner parties were formal affairs, with separate dishes for artichokes and fish bones, and individual cigarette holders at each place setting.
“On a policy level, it’s a great idea,” Ms. Hitchens said.
(A long bit about a bunny falls flat, though it receives the most laughs.)
Frankly, I’m impressed you kept yours for 20-odd years.
On top of that, the plunging stock market may translate into lower tax collections, which could mean state and local budget estimates are too rosy.
He persuaded bars to buy them as a cheap way to prepare for sports on TV.
But a receipt and a surveillance recording from a nearby Target store appear to show that Ms. Tata had been shopping at the time, Chief Terry Garrison of the Houston Fire Department said.
The previous toss tells you nothing.” Every so often I’ll get a phone call from a client.
A federal appeals court in Manhattan overturned a six-and-a-half-year sentence in a child pornography case on Friday, saying the judge who imposed it improperly found that the defendant would return to viewing child pornography “because of an as-of-yet undiscovered gene.” The judge, Gary L. Sharpe of Federal District Court in Albany, was quoted as saying, “It is a gene you were born with.
Mr. Keno has sent a Pennsylvania collector’s tulip poplar box (estimated at $20,000 to $40,000) for wood and paint analysis; traces of hide glue and vermilion pigments suggest that the date 1764 painted in red across the lid is accurate.
“You got to keep them guessing.” Grant said returning to the Giants’ locker room “felt like family,” despite many new faces and a slightly different vibe.
What we should be doing instead is giving a helping hand.” “Parenting education needs to begin when a woman is pregnant,” Dr. Ravitch said.
Concerns about the discharges into the lake are but one issue for environmentalists as the $3.8 billion expansion moves toward completion in two years.
According to a statement posted on the band’s Web site by the guitarist Frank Iero on Friday, Mr. Pedicone “was caught red handed stealing from the band and confessed to the police after our show last night in Auburn, Washington.” (Neither the Web site nor reports that followed have said what Mr. Pedicone is accused of having stolen.)
“It’s a possibility, of course, this late in the spring,” Alderson said.
Gurney (“The Dining Room,” “The Cocktail Hour”) shows how long he has charted the decline of the wealthy white Anglo-Saxon Protestant culture.
“You don’t often go from such highs to such lows,” he said.
Ray’s life was about the sacred.
“I can pretty much say anything to him, and the real challenge is not to abuse our personal relationship in that way,” Ms. Savino said.
“You know I’m not terribly optimistic about the process of the supercommittee,” said Mr. Romney, adding that he wasn’t sure that the Congressional committee, which is scheduled to deliver its report next week, would come up with “a satisfactory recommendation.” “If that’s the case, we have been fed a Faustian bargain, which is that we’ll see hundreds of billions of dollars cut from our military, at a very time when the world is not a safe place and our military is engaged in conflict — an entirely unacceptable outcome,” Mr. Romney said in response to a question about the committee at a Chamber of Commerce event here Friday.
I want to be clear about this: It’s not that you reward failure.
He is single with no children and has lots of time on his hands to stir things up.
Congress need only act once to protect our future.
The fates of Mr. Melofchik and Mr. DePaola will be decided by the jury, while Mr. Alvo and the corporation have elected to let Justice Rena K. Uviller of State Supreme Court in Manhattan judge their case.
He is writing about writing that appears only on the Web — but his print publication, The World’s First Perfect Zine, will be something he can actually touch when it comes out next month.
These users spent roughly $287 million in the first quarter of 2011.
Among other things, Ms. Torres said that the jurors did not feel the Breathalyzer sample was sufficiently reliable and that neither a videotape of the defendant being tested nor the quantity of alcohol consumed persuaded them that he was drunk.
Performers, including the vibrant string band Ethel, will serenade listeners with an eclectic range of music in the scenic Shrine of the Ages near the south rim of the canyon on three consecutive weekends.
“Right now,” Mr. Koenig said, “we typically have copies of our songs on a CD, on our computer, on our iPods.
Genaro Hernandez, a prizefighter nicknamed Chicanito — roughly translated as Little Mexican — who was twice the world super featherweight champion, died Tuesday at his home in Mission Viejo, Calif.
The cause was brain cancer, his spokesman said.
About midway through Sharifa Rhodes-Pitts’s slim, enchanting volume we are introduced to rather an odd figure, L. S. Alexander Gumby, proprietor of the Gumby Book Studio and motive force behind a 1920s Harlem-based literary salon.
And the 178 banks borrowing from the central bank on Tuesday compared with the 161 banks that borrowed 230 billion euros ($310 billion) last week.
Tears rolled down my face as I told our Monica Morris that my mother had four children and five grandchildren and died in 2004.
A senior minister was sent to meet with the woman and her family and a criminal investigation was immediately opened.
“But then on two occasions, they suspended me from the Amateur Athletic Union league.
She will deeply missed by her family, patients and friends.
But that agreement became moot July 1, when the N.B.A.’s labor deal expired and the league locked out its players.
Venture-backed companies are expected to grow quickly, and their boards can impose rigorous controls, audits and metrics.
“In general, mentoring can be an enormously effective way of engaging kids and making sure there is an adult presence in their life,” Mr. Casserly said.
At 7 p.m., Prudential Center, 165 Mulberry Street, Newark, (875) 745-3000, prucenter.com ; $45 to $65.
Imax currently has 45 theaters open in China, with an additional 57 in the works.
Same-sex spouses can file their state tax returns using “married filing separately” status, which uses the same tax rates as if they were single, Ms. Salandra said.
Defenders of mid-20th-century Brasília and early-21st-century Phoenix are heard from, but the prevailing argument in “Urbanized” is that these cities are examples of how to do it wrong.
Confronted by this brutal repression and a looming humanitarian crisis, I ordered warships into the Mediterranean.
New financial regulations have chipped away at once-lucrative sources of income, like overdraft charges and credit card penalty fees.
MICHAEL J. de la MERCED FINANCING ROUND Rearden Commerce, an e-commerce platform company, said Wednesday that it had raised $133 million, valuing the company at $1.35 billion.
At the time it was built in 1930 and 1931, its developer Henry Mandel claimed it was the largest apartment complex in the world, with an acre of gardens in the center of its buildings along with a 75-foot-by-35-foot indoor swimming pool.
That suggests more aggressive measures, which some military analysts have called a no-drive zone, to prevent Colonel Qaddafi from moving tanks and artillery into Benghazi.
Cervical cancer specialists had better luck.
So we have to find a balance between the two.
A so-called novo fado, or new fado, movement has catapulted the genre into the 21st century, opening a space for bold experiments with repertory, instrumentation and ways of singing.
A true lady and a remarkable person, she will be missed.
In part because of its rigid labor laws, Spain has been struggling with an unemployment rate of 20 percent.
I looked out the window and saw that the only thing working was the left engine.
“Some of the songs were realized in great shows, and some of the songs were great but they were in musicals that did not work because the books were not good enough or there were other problems.
After years spent as a professor and dean at the Naval War College here, Mr. West lives in an airy, compact house across the street from Rhode Island Sound, not far from the Gilded Age mansions of Vanderbilts and Astors.
Others say she is an unusually effective broker of interests of the sort that makes any large city run.
Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Thursdays, 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Princeton University Art Museum, Nassau and Witherspoon Streets.
The early years of Apple long ago passed into legend: the two young hippie-ish founders, Mr. Jobs and Steve Wozniak; the introduction of the first Macintosh computer in 1984, which stretched the boundaries of what these devices could do; Mr. Jobs’s abrupt exit the next year in a power struggle.
The family has been a leader in changing policies on the restitution of looted art.
So they want their home to be a better place — where bribe-takers are punished and bribe-payers live happily ever after.
I’d tasted triumph, and I wanted more.
I was coming home from Germany and had the good fortune to be in a business-class seat, on the aisle.
And there is no room to cover the ever-higher costs of medical care.
The truth is that the British painter Tom Fairs (1925-2007) did not begin producing art full time until after his retirement from teaching at age 60.
By 1830, many of these same families coalesced in or around Sand Creek, Ind.
The chroniclers denounced her arrogance, despite the fact that she had been chased by Stephen’s sympathizers from her own pre-coronation banquet and hunted like a hare across the land.
Soboroff called that irresponsible and evidence of a ''predetermined campaign'' to blow McCourt ''out of town.''
Just four years ago, when the United Auto Workers settled on contracts with the Big Three, the rank-and-file learned the details by crowding into union halls for meetings that were often chaotic and confusing.
A vote on the matter in the Slovakian Parliament was scheduled for Tuesday.
INSIDE PITCH Carlos Beltran, sidelined with tendinitis in his left knee, can participate in baseball activities starting Wednesday.
Andrus opened the inning by glancing a foul ball straight back into Molina’s glove.
According to Mark Gillies, a brand spokesman, Volkswagen was not aware of any fires and that only “a handful of vehicles suffered leakage.” The automaker informed the agency that it began an investigation early in 2010 after receiving reports of fuel leaks, but pressure testing in the laboratory uncovered no problems.
Q Have you been able to curb construction accidents?
Westhampton Beach Performing Arts Center, 76 Main Street.
Through ad testing, he found ‘free shipping’ generated nearly twice the sales of the original ’30 percent off’ offer (specifics have been changed for confidentiality reasons).
She went past her old haunts and her old hiking trails in a driving tour of this city she loves.
I had a movie career.
Mr. Bernard asked him for advice about handling the matter, Mr. Sharpton said.
Frank was the owner operator of Bafill Construction Corp. for over 40 years working throughout the tri-state area.
He complained that it requires a committee that might possibly cut defense spending and recommend higher taxes, though the latter is very unlikely.
And it’s not always rational.
Grant performed the ceremony at the Edinboro United Methodist Church, where she is the pastor.
A conference call connected the scientists to Boogaard’s parents and siblings.
(Long magazine articles these days, by the way, tend to clock in around 6,000 words.)
But in another way it will be the result of a bright idea two brothers once had, in the vicinity of Lahore Railway Station, to innocently clamp a digital pirate’s wheel.
The supercommittee was given almost unprecedented protection from Congress’s normal rules: no filibuster or amendments would be allowed on its proposals, which would become law by a simple majority of both houses.
Sarah Shourd, Mr. Bauer’s fiancée, who was held for 14 months before being released , has said that the three accidentally crossed a poorly marked border from Iraq, and only because a border guard gestured for them to approach.
The owner of the local gun shop, the Silver Bullet, says he sells 700 to 1,000 guns a year, mostly pistols and rifles, and an indoor shooting range just opened about 10 miles from Rockaway.
Capuano (8-8) might have pitched better, but the Mets could not generate any offense.
The Jets were absorbed into the N.H.L.
This time, users can see the countdown clocks to the start of the race and leader boards for the men’s, women’s and wheelchair divisions.
''He gives capital, yes, but he also offers creative collaboration,'' said Dave Morin, who started Path and was an early employee of Facebook.
That race was also supposed to be nonpartisan, but critics of Mr. Stone regularly noted that he had voted in favor of Mr. Walker’s bill to curtail collective bargaining rights.
Feathers, like human hands, are among those natural features that dazzle us because we can’t create anything quite like them.
The authorities said he sent additional e-mails to himself listing “nice targets” and instructions for converting a cellphone into a detonator.
Still, watching this still-young politician try to repair the shattered vase of his reputation, I am reminded that Americans, for all our reflexive moralizing, can be more than a touch Parisian about our politicians.
“They are very fortunate if they get all the way through without being made to appear a criminal.” The legislation, which cleared the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee this month, would remove roughly 200 positions — many of them public affairs or Congressional-relations jobs for various agencies — from Senate scrutiny.
Mayor Vincent C. Gray argued that it was a way to score a victory without having to bear electoral responsibility for the policy.
At stake is whether new jobs and industries take root in this country, or somewhere else.
Your loving Daughter and family.
TASTE OF SHANGHAI 39-07 Prince Street, at 39th Avenue, Flushing, Queens; (718) 888-1636.
It was too clean or something.
“Yeah, after three weeks wasted surfing eBay.” She seems more exhausted at the thought than by the hour.
Sports Illustrated stopped soliciting reader letters entirely after the anthrax scare of 2001.
There is nothing new about this.
The authorities installed video cameras to monitor the couple.
I learned a few things, smiled a time or two and made myself a promise to leave very, very good tips for the next delivery man who comes to our house.
It’s made headlines again about its document destruction policies.
In 1992, Nigel Mansell won at the Hungarian Grand Prix, with five races to go, and Schumacher did the same in 2004.
Here, there is some good news and bad news for Obama.
Inmates in several Georgia prisons went on strike last month, seeking more food and better living conditions.
The state’s 58 county probation departments would split $242 million in state money over the next four years.
Many automakers have special departments or subsidiaries that produce very powerful “halo” versions of their most sporty models.
She told Manhattan prosecutors that a man had given her a recording of the asylum story to memorize.
Now, instead of always looking out toward somewhere else, I'm beginning to look around here, wondering how I can make this neighborhood the better place my parents always sought for me.
The deal was finalized later that month.
Even so, the last hurrah of the Milan fair was in 2008, when a record 383,793 people thronged the Rho fairground, which houses the “official” exhibition.
There was also contact between Israel and Turkey over the interception, according to Yigal Palmor, a spokesman for the Foreign Ministry, but he would not elaborate.
Some wonder if Mr. Kroll is out of his depth this time.
The Croatian high jumper Blanka Vlasic, track and field’s athlete of the year in 2010, will compete at the Adidas Grand Prix on June 11 at Icahn Stadium on Randalls Island, organizers said.
If you have ever wondered why Tim Howard never seems particularly daunted facing Concacaf rivals like Mexico and Costa Rica, consider the potential attackers he will be facing when Everton plays Chelsea (Fox Soccer/Fox Deportes) this weekend: Didier Drogba.
“The Fed is going to want to see G.D.P.
The Coyotes have been owned by the N.H.L.
Pedestrians halted, but cars continued on the road.
“We’ve seen what a difference he made,” forward Patrik Elias said of Lemaire.
The thing is, it’s not just phobias.
He echoed Mr. Johnson’s analysis that many young adults who moved to the city are not going to the suburbs after marrying, as they historically would do, because they are now finding it difficult to sell their condos.
Please stand away from the platform edge, especially when trains are entering and leaving the station.” Then last week, I found I could hear myself think again while standing on the station platform, if only for a few extra seconds.
He fell to his knees.
“When it comes to the clean energy race, America faces a simple choice: compete or accept defeat,” he said.
My boyfriend has agreed to wash his feet in my tub when he visits.
In his deposition in a case brought against the Green Party by Democrats, Mr. Toomey acknowledged hiring Mr. Mize, whom he paid with personal checks.
Now, as just about everyone from here to the Louvre knows, the criminal case against Mr. Strauss-Kahn has fallen apart , totally and stunningly.
But other experts worry that inflation is already so entrenched that the government may be forced to continue braking the economy for a considerable time.
He said he would like an opportunity to tell the other band members his side of the story and to express his remorse.
WILLIAMS--Anne B. Lammie of Rye, NY on December 2, 2011.
Under cover of research, you assert that boomers are self-absorbed, entitled and glum.
She was particularly proud of the work she did in the backyard of the Brooklyn Heights home she shared with Christian Dickson, an associate with Robert A.M. Stern Architects (RAMSA) in New York.
— ask if she’s sure when she requests a hard copy.
“We would just like it if you go home and step on a scale and write down how much you weigh,” she says.
Then the water receded almost as quickly as it rose.
There were 10 minutes remaining and Boston University, a 16th seed, was still clinging to the Jayhawks, a top seed, 47-41.
Jones, the founder of the Masters, interceded on the club’s behalf to the United States Golf Association, and its invitation letter for the club to host the Open arrived a few weeks before Jones’s death in 1971.
It was hard, however, for some players to consider the challenge ahead on Friday, as the hurricane made its way up the East Coast.
Mr. Cooper doesn’t shy away from the borderline comedic lunacy of Uday, with his toothy grin and his mawkish attachment to his mother.
“Everybody’s willing to give you money to start something new,” said Karker, “but they’re not necessarily going to support something older.” Another reader, Long Time Train Rider ( 12 ), asked how the United States’ 5 percent public transit ridership compares to Europe and Japan.
But with not enough teammates taking his cue, the Braves continued in reverse, bowing by 4-2 to Philadelphia before an unusually hefty Monday night turnout of 42,597 sprinkled with Phillies red.
With money from the loans, the residents of Bang Bua also decided to build a center for the elderly and disabled, and to set aside a fund for libraries, child care and school fees for the poorest families.
A policeman (Dominic Tighe) has his own nightstick pushed up his rectum, while another (a conjurer, played by Tony Bell, and tediously embodied here as a Texas-style evangelist) suffers having a lighted sparkler inserted in the same orifice.
Ultimately, these local private equity firms are likely to rise to advise C.I.C.
Jackson, as tranquil as Doug Collins was hyperkinetic, brought out qualities in Jordan that none of his other pro coaches could tap, most notably a team-first, share-the-ball (occasionally) mentality.
A first baseman for the Gothams and the Knickerbockers from about 1850 to 1862, the mysterious Wadsworth may provide the most compelling story of all.
Ms. Hafner notes Good Samaritan laws are generally protective, but they are not airtight.
And finally, Kevin Kolb’s accuracy was awful whenever he threw off-balance.
But the trend poses challenges for university officials, especially at a time when many schools are themselves embracing corporate sponsorships to help stage events for students.
Rick Perry of Texas is laying plans to spend as much as $55 million to help him win the Republican presidential nomination, a sign that outside groups are likely to play a pivotal role in the party’s selection of its presidential candidate.
The Europeans took a strong contingent to Churchill Downs — a must if this is truly going to be a global championship — and they left here with ample loot.
A bid between $15,000 and $20,000 will probably buy it.
We don’t see things for longer than 90 days now.
This is beyond empathy — it’s like a metasensory experience.
The book ends with the story of the rapid decline of A.& P. In the wake of the Hartford brothers’ deaths in the 1950s, the company they did so much to build proved unable to deal with growing supermarket competition, Americans’ movement to the suburbs and the rise of shopping malls.
Huddled beneath a construction scaffold I gaze up at towers of masonry and glass.
That bad news is more than the movie can handle.
Mr. Hilfiger himself is scheduled to show his men’s wear at 5:30 this afternoon.
“Now they’re getting into more dangerous prescription drugs.” The drugs may have changed, but the prevention strategies still emphasize the importance of keeping the medications away from children.
“Or take it to where you’re going next.” Of course, some store workers, like Frankie Pimentel and Clemente Rojo, pizzamakers at Original Pizza III at the corner of 69th Street and Fourth Avenue, complain that people stop in solely to drop litter in their trash cans.
(Her book, along with her husband’s memoir, “The Politics of Truth,” was turned into a film starring Naomi Watts and Sean Penn.)
The railroad line to Valencia runs through the war zone and it is still open.
WHY THEY CAME The changing menu, and location, location, location: “It’s equidistant from where I live and where she works,” Ms. Satnick said.
But that’s not the point.
It’s about every young person who no longer has to leave his hometown to seek new opportunity — because opportunity is right there at his or her fingertips.” In his State of the Union address last month, Mr. Obama called for securing high-speed wireless coverage to 98 percent of all Americans within five years.
Shares of Mitsubishi UFJ and other top banks fell sharply Friday after the Japanese government’s top spokesman, Yukio Edano, made comments that were interpreted by investors to suggest that banks might be asked to forgive some debt to Tokyo Electric.
Before that, baseball teams had to win a race to get into the World Series — a league pennant race through 1968, and a division race from 1969 through 1993.
A car and a truck were set on fire and several other fires broke out as the police used tear gas to disperse the crowd.
The floor of the House is his neighborhood bar: he sits down to chat with the freshmen women, then jumps into the aisle to receive Duffy’s volley of rabbit punches, then collars the liberal Democrat Dennis Kucinich to compliment him on his appearance on “The Colbert Report.” (“I didn’t know you were a ventriloquist!
The two door will be available with or without that option package.
“I kind of came into this league with everybody booing me when I took Chuck Person, who was rookie of the year, and Reggie Miller the next year.
“Pat is a quality guy and a good friend with a sound knowledge of the New Jersey hockey scene,” he said.
What were some of his other sayings?
Readers respond to a Sept. 11 column about visiting Provence: I would suggest the following: the beautiful new Mus?Bonnard in Cannet (museebonnard.fr); the Mus?National Fernand L?rin Biot (musees-nationaux-alpesmaritimes.fr/f.leger); and the Fondation Maeght in St. Paul de Vence (fondation-maeght.com).
About 10 p.m., Connecticut Light and Power reported that 664,818 customers were without power.
We can’t turn back the hands of time.
In the span of 60 minutes, Texas Tech went from pretender to potential B.C.S.
If there is a way to include something she likes, great.
Did he do it because he was feeling generous, because he hoped for a gift card or because he wanted to prove himself to his brother?
The locale for the CCAT — originally the administrative offices of a utility company that sits along the banks of the Mtkvari River in central Tbilisi — was donated by a local bank, and Mr. Tsereteli raised funds among everyone from local artists to foreign government agencies like the Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation to set up the space.
They also tended to eat more calories over all and had higher B.M.I.’s.
I am addressing the next few years, and I am asking how we can get the general public to take climate change seriously.
ICP has denied the S.E.C.’s allegations in court filings and said that the company acted in good faith, did not make misleading statements and did not intend to defraud its investors.
A federal judge on Thursday approved a $680 million settlement between the Agriculture Department and American Indian farmers who say they were denied loans.
“I can honestly say during the first couple of debates, I didn’t feel completely comfortable, like I belonged there,” Mr. Santorum confessed in a long interview here.
If the state adopts the plan, it will most likely have to allocate more money for social services and for the court system, which is already financially overburdened.
This is a test of character: Will the president choose what is right over what is convenient and speak out for what he believes in?
Frederic Raphael wrote the Oscar-nominated screenplay, and Henry Mancini composed the theme song, which he said was his favorite, with lyrics by Leslie Bricusse.
Mr. Sisi is said to have been responsible for, among other things, improving the Qassam rockets with better electronics and materials, expanding their range to 12 miles from 4.
POUGHKEEPSIE The Frederick Ferris Thompson Memorial Library, Vassar College “From the Archive: Discovering Elizabeth Bishop,” artifacts.
It paints a devastating picture of abuse, citing evidence of “systematic torture” during interrogations by Afghan intelligence and police officials even as American and other Western backers provide training and pay for nearly the entire budget of the Afghan ministries running the detention centers.
Mr. Gets, who regards them with equal measures of alarm and affection, discovers he can freeze them into dead silence by taking his fingers off the keyboard.
BRANCHBURG Raritan Valley Community College Winter Wonder Lights, a laser concert featuring holiday music.
Not normally the case here, at 555 Roosevelt Drive in the Baruch Houses, the scarred, eastern face of the Lower East Side, its strips of peeling paint the size of loose-leaf paper.
But when conflicts with his playing baseball for the Wolfpack led to Coach Tom O’Brien’s encouraging him to transfer, Wilson rolled into Madison as the potential missing piece in a title run.
Then she applied a mixture of Arden’s Crystal Clear Lip Gloss and a touch of High Shine Lip Gloss in Tropicoral for the right pinkish tone.
BEDMINSTER The Center for Contemporary Art ''Water/Line,'' works by Cindy Moore Stockton and Mark Stockton.
What else do you ask?
Below, five reasons to pull over and park in Blanco.
Though I’m 43 years at Met, this is the first time I play a god.” Mr. Crouch and Mr. McDermott, best known for an improvisatory, seat-of-the-pants style of theater essentially impossible at the mammoth Met, still manage to bring much of their trademark energy, spontaneity and whimsy to “The Enchanted Island.” Mr. Crouch’s set evokes an 18th-century toy theater, complete with two-dimensional painted flats and stair units.
“But heroes are hard work, their shrines and their images need to be carefully maintained for their example to live on and to inspire us.
Beloved husband of Barbara, loving father of Peter and John, cherished grandfather of Diana, Gregory, Eric and Daniel.
“You can’t outsource the Washington knowledge to external lobbyists or your in-house government relations people,” says Bill Green, chairman and former chief executive of Accenture .
We have lost a treasure, but how blessed we are to have had her.
Councilman Brad Lander, who has a daughter in the second grade at the school, said he had heard from “many constituents, neighbors and friends” whose children are on the waiting list.
Now the ministry faces a dilemma: if the government’s investigation does not appear credible, it could hurt the ministry’s chances to export high-speed rail equipment and technology.
A neighbor, Sammy Vaknin, stopped by on Tuesday.
Meanwhile they receive an anonymous tip that leads to the whalers' factory ship, the Nisshin Maru.
Musica Sacra is Tuesday and Wednesday at 8 p.m., Carnegie Hall; $12.50 to $128.
“It’s kind of like the little engine that could.
8 TEXAS A&M 3:30 p.m. Eastern, ABC This is the first matchup between top-10 teams at Kyle Field since 1975.
His father said he knew nothing about it until he read about it in July 2009, although he stopped short of naming the newspaper that had first published it (The Guardian).
“I’d been very shy, a person with no confidence,” Ms. Heckler said.
Ms. Hefner ran the Chicago-based Playboy from 1988 to 2009 and has been one of the city’s highest-profile business executives.
“Now they’re maturing a little bit.
Theater Jason Zinoman RadioTheater, which mounts minimalist productions with evocative sound design and wonderful voices that bring to mind the golden age of radio, have picked the right author to focus on this year: H. P. LOVECRAFT.
Then he called the manager of the local grocery store, who agreed to open the doors long enough for Ms. Thornley to pick up some containers of chicken salad and soft bread.
POUGHKEEPSIE Bananas Comedy Club Gemini, magic and ventriloquism.
Tuesday at 7 p.m. Free.
In a series of reports published in a medical journal on Tuesday, the specialists called the research misleading and biased.
Tens of thousands of Web pages have been blocked by government censors.
The question is when that gets going.
See all of our Daily Shoes .
Floodwaters are coming from every direction, and we cannot control them because it’s a huge amount of water.
Previously, the government had managed to hold a tense calm for weeks in the capital.
Even before Mr. Gehry got his hands on the apartment, the space offered such beguiling features as crown moldings and an oversized bay window that faced a Juliet balcony.
For those unfamiliar with Mr. Briner and his philosophy of design, a single line from the Architecture Outfit Web site says it all: “Simple is usually better.” The renovation, which cost $800,000, took 15 months and was completed in March .
Spending more does not guarantee a victory, but it is more revealing than endless speculation about whose message is more effective.
And these subsidies are the gift that keeps on giving, persisting even to this day while coal, oil and nuclear have evolved into the dominant energy industries of our age.
After the fund’s lawyer, Sergei L. Magnitsky, testified in the case, he was arrested and held 10 months in dank cells before dying, possibly of a heart attack or pancreatitis.
rule is now under review by the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
Before lunch we focused on calculating offset in terraces.
But as he said, Rodriguez did come back, signing a staggering 10-year, $275 million contract with the Yankees two months later.
But as Mr. Havel’s role in the fight for freedom receded, his moral stances could verge on the didactic.
It’s like 200,000 people having a picnic.” Last year the Tour celebrated its centennial in the Pyrenees, the other series of mountains the riders climb each July, including last week.
As he has shown time and again, especially in his “Encores” performances at City Center, Mr. Fisher is a pragmatic purist with a light touch who disdains the bloat and pomposity that often accrue to contemporary performances of vintage theater songs.
Ultimately, though, some objects here do take priority.
“The power of social media is an important tool for increasing participation, especially by engaging young people,” he said.
Kati Haycock, president of the Education Trust, which seeks to narrow the achievement gap for poor students in part by raising teacher quality, said, “The overall proposal is a big step forward.” But, she added, only school administrators should create improvement plans for a poorly rated teacher; otherwise, unions might use the process to obstruct their removal.
“In Memory of ... ” (1985) is a dark elegy, taking its tone from Alban Berg’s grief-stricken music (well attended to by the solo violinist Kurt Nikkanen and the conductor Fayçal Karoui).
Mr. Ramseur’s body was found in a Boston Road motel room, the police said, without giving a cause.
The idea for the institute, he said, grew out of the national conversation that began in January after the shootings in Tucson that killed six people and injured 13 others, including Ms. Giffords, a Democrat who represented the Tucson area in Congress.
A few months ago, WikiLeaks’ publication of confidential cables from American embassies around the world inspired a mock news item headlined “Sarkozy Admits French Language a Hoax.” According to this report, France’s diplomatic missives were revealed to have been written in English, leading the French president to confess that “the French really speak English, except in the presence of the British.” He went on to explain that the French language “was in fact complete gibberish,” invented by William the Conqueror’s troops during their invasion of England in order to “seem a bit more exotic” to the locals.
In a building whose name brings to mind Lennon , Bacall and Bernstein , Mr. Fletcher may not be the most famous resident, but he was already one of its most intriguing, even before he took on its board.
I don’t know why, but I’ll sleep for 12 hours straight.
He is rambling around his native Yorkshire, apparently as a tourist, visiting monasteries and brooding on the various women who have left him in the lurch.
Bushwick Starr, 207 Starr Street, between Irving and Wyckoff Avenues, Brooklyn , (800) 838-3006, brownpapertickets.com .
PATRICIA TAYLOR, whose quadriplegic brother, James, drowned in a bathtub at a group home for the developmentally disabled near Schenectady, N.Y. [27]
Mr. Rockwell explained that the inspiration for this project was the adventure playgrounds developed in Europe during the 1930s, which allowed children to build structures using found materials.
Until 2007, the bride’s father was a computer consultant in New York.
“Her dreams became our dreams.
Prices vary depending on length of the tour and number of people.
Doctors can be reminded to ask about smoking, depression, domestic violence and asthma.
But in a telephone interview, Costas said, in effect, not so fast, Mr. Commissioner.
“A downhill, left-to-right-breaking putt where you can overestimate the break, he hit it perfect and deserved to win.” More at nytimes.com/sports .
He greeted a group of visiting reporters with, “Are you ready to meet the funniest headmaster of a school you’ve ever met?” and then dived into topics ranging from pedagogy to Oscar, his Irish setter (“He’s so beautiful!”).
I’m staying put.” Robert E. Hunter, a historian from Chicago, persuaded his wife, Nancy Grim Hunter, to attend what he called a “once-in-a-lifetime” event: a trip that cost each of them about $1,000, including travel, rental car and souvenirs.
Cramer greeted this with an abashed grin and repeated apologies for his role in the economic mess.
“I remember having a conversation with my sister, saying: ‘What if I don’t make it?
BeanRunner Cafe, 201 South Division Street.
But rarely have those two New Yorks felt more different than in the last 34 days.
About the Best Sellers: These lists are an expanded version of those appearing in the June 26, 2011 print edition of the Book Review, reflecting sales for the week ending June 11, 2011.
Seward proposed to reunite the country by creating an external threat – in his words, to “change the question before the Public from one upon Slavery … to one of Patriotism or Union.” Lincoln dismissed the proposal, but somehow its broad contents became known to the diplomatic community.
The changes are meant to update the language for contemporary Seders or, as Maxwell House puts it on the first page, “create the most meaningful Seder experience.” For instance, God is a “Monarch” rather than a “King,” and the tale about the “four sons” now refers to “four different sorts of children.” More than a million copies of the new version of the Maxwell House Haggadah, which also sports a new cover, have been published.
David Hellmann, who created the program, says the model cut heart failure readmissions by two-thirds, which offset the costs of the additional staff members.
Mondays and Thursdays through Sundays, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Long Island Science Center, 11 West Main Street.
On Saturday, Rodriguez gave up a run-scoring double to Josh Thole before Pagan’s home run.
She relies on Supplemental Security Income to survive.
One of the postal service’s great contributions has been ZIP codes.
We might as well call it: The American left is dead.
It makes for a good debate, but I would never lock away a young couple for a quarter-century because of that.
When Hugh Dancy made his Broadway debut in the 2007 revival of “Journey’s End,” it was as a British Army captain down in the trenches of World War I.
As yet, Obama has paid no official visit to Fort Monroe.
Mr. Cain might be the first to fall; his momentum seemed to peak several months ago.
“His feet are close together, so there’s no weight transfer.
Much about the Goldstone report has been misrepresented by those with agendas both for and against Israel.
Fortress Europe , a Web site that monitors immigration in the Mediterranean region, estimated that 1,674 people have died or been lost at sea in the Sicilian channel since the beginning of 2011.
A re-telling of Dickens’ ”Christmas Carol,” told through the eyes of Ebenezer Scrooge’s partner, Jacob Marley, will be presented by the Staten Island Shakespearean Theater; this version, by Tom Mula, can be seen on Thursday at 8 p.m. with additional performances through Dec. 18; tickets are $18, or $15 for students and 65+; sistny.org .
For a socialist system that hesitates to fire people, China has also been surprisingly adept — more so than America — at dealing with ineffective teachers.
Unable to find a sponsor for 2012, that team is folding at the end of the season.
In the words of Lin Yutang, “Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone.” Why was it necessary, Weber, to repeat an experience, once done, one more time.
“We will see what we get.” An American official briefed on the events said the fighting was relatively small and involved northern Sudanese soldiers who were staging a mutiny because they did not want to be deployed to the Darfur region of western Sudan or to Abyei, a contested area on the north-south border that was seized by the northern Sudanese forces on May 21.
NEW YORK TIMES Private Equity Assets for a Good Price?
“The first idea was to have rolling hills with grass around, but rain would have been a problem, so they chose the plants instead,” Mr. Habi said with a sigh to the small group huddled around him.
She would not confirm that MTV executives were fearful of running afoul of child pornography laws.
Late last month, when the Dodgers filed for bankruptcy, he allowed Highbridge to lend the team $60 million through Wednesday, when he was supposed to decide who will lend the full $150 million.
However, because Mr. Weiner is no longer on the ballot, and because the magnitude of the incumbency advantage varies substantially from district to district, this is of marginal utility for forecasting purposes.
But the Commission is technologically neutral and does not require European Union member states to prefer a particular category of software or business model over another.
“We’ll know what we want to do,” Girardi said.
The National Council for Resistance in Iran — a lobby group associated with the banned leftist terrorist organization the People’s Mujahadeen — released what is said were satellite photographs of a facility that has produced parts for 100,000 uranium enrichment centrifuges over the past four years, though the group offered no further evidence.
Mr. Morales has been accused of juggling other conflicting policies.
Both said it was too early in Ms. Hudson’s tenure to discuss the direction that she might take the academy.
The Staten Island Yankees don’t just want to buy you some peanuts and Cracker Jack.
But the drug zolpidem, which has woken up a few people, typically for an hour or two, is changing the debate over pulling the plug.
Like another sociologist, Peter Bearman at Columbia, who wrote a book about doormen, Professor Kidder largely succeeds.
“But I got kidded about that mile and a half.
And maybe I’m not convinced that a coach can get me there any better than I can myself.” As for me, I am staying with my coach.
“I didn’t want to be like that.” Ms. Roman enrolled in the Catholic Big Sisters and Big Brothers’ college preparatory program and set her sights on the next big step in her life.
Four groups from the Hall take part in the voting: the North American, the Veterans, the International and the Women’s Committees.
CALEB'S CROSSING, by Geraldine Brooks.
MITROVICA, Kosovo -- For three months, this gritty mining town has been a hot spot of Balkan ethnic tension ominous enough to prompt new deployments of armed NATO peacekeepers and action by the European Union to slow Serbia's long-sought bid for membership.
Back then, Mr. Welsh said, “The area was still a little off the radar.” He stumbled onto a floor-through loft with an enormous terrace.
But “everything was burned,” including eight floats and more than 3,000 costumes, Mr. de Oliveira said.
His effort has earned raves from brewers, critics and chefs.
To get on that board again, to have two Wimbledon titles, is really special.” The Bryans didn’t face a break point.
Three Portuguese clubs — Porto, Benfica and Braga — reached the final eight of Europe’s No.
According to LCH, once the spread between, say, a Spanish or Italian government bond and a benchmark AAA bond index surpasses 4.5 percent, the issuer is liable for a trimming.
Brahms songs are hardly rarities, particularly on recordings, but they deserve to be heard in recital more often than they are.
As a manager, he observed C. C. Sabathia and Chien-Ming Wang.
Not least, a downgrade would be a blow to American credibility and prestige, made all the worse for coming so shortly after the made-in-America global financial crisis.
NEW PALTZ Samuel Dorsky Museum of Art, at the State University of New York at New Paltz “Thick and Thin: Ken Landauer and Julianne Swartz,” mixed-media.
Right now, the insurers say they don’t know if the whole law will be struck down or just parts of it or whether all of the legislation will be deemed constitutional.
THE ROOM Small and dark, almost tomb-like, our room was an ideal place to shut out the world and get a night’s rest after a busy day of exploring.
If so, do you shop there?
We don’t need this elderly Eddie; he sheds no particular light on anything.
“Simply being more aggressive doesn’t necessarily indicate anything.” Alderson reiterated that the Mets would not begin a fire sale of their remaining stars, including David Wright.
STRACHAN--Tobyann Nemetz, age 67, passed away on October 10.
In a statement on Wednesday, the president said he would either form a new government quickly or take the necessary steps to go to early elections, adding that in any case “emergency measures” could be adopted “at any time,” so there was no risk of prolonged political instability in Italy.
— ANDREW KEH Holland, the man with the sketchy mustache, navigates his way through the scariest part of the Cardinals order.
“Germany has tabled an accusation without any proof, which is something totally illegal and in gross violation of the E.U.’s common agricultural policy.” Carlos Rojas, the mayor of Motril, one of the Andalusian towns that is a major producer of cucumbers, said over the phone that the situation for local farmers was “a complete disaster.” Mr. Rojas said farmers had been forced to abandon their production and leave it to rot on the ground because of canceled orders from Germany, Austria and other countries.
Reuters reports former JPMorgan executive Bill Winters and Deutsche Bank executive Hugo Baenziger have been tapped as potential replacements for the recently-exited Oswald Gruebel.
“The idea was for a place in the country, with apartments extending through the building with views on both sides,” he said.
Gene Marks owns the Marks Group , a Bala Cynwyd, Pa., consulting firm that helps clients with customer relationship management.
AGI Capital is listed as the contact on city permit applications, but executives did not respond to repeated requests to discuss the property.
Rabbi Peter Rubinstein and President Kenneth Heitner, Central Synagogue of New York City
The seemingly unbridgeable impasse between the two parties as the deadline for raising the nation’s debt limit approaches has Tom Daschle losing sleep, as he never did when he was a Senate Democratic leader in the mid-1990s and Congressional Republicans forced government shutdowns rather than compromise on spending cuts.
Nadal looped a forehand wide and the notion arises that he’s having trouble moving his left foot.
SCARSDALE Edgemont High School Theater “Agnes of God,” drama by John Pielmeier.
••• “The Music Box,” the project of which this tower is a part, is one of those things that requires a hyphen or a compound word to describe; Delaney Martin, its curator, calls it “a shantytown-sound laboratory.” As we have often noted, this construction should take a plural verb in the relative clause.
The image and typography on the album’s cover evoke the stylishly minimalist house aesthetic of ECM, and some of its originals, like “Crawdaddy,” bear the thumbprint of Mr. Jarrett.
She is a daughter of Felice Andiman and Dr. Ronald M. Andiman of Los Angeles.
Hunters, a young indie rock band out of Brooklyn, sounds like most punk-flavored bands in Williamsburg: simple repetitive lyrics, frenetic drums, repeated guitar riffs that revolve around a single eighth-note motif, a pedaling bass.
Organized by Harry I. Naar, the gallery’s director and an artist and professor of fine arts, “ Michael Graves : Landscapes and Still Lifes” runs through Feb. 27.
These include hundreds of independent book retailers (statistically weighted to represent all such outlets); national, regional and local chains; online and multimedia entertainment retailers; university, gift, supermarket, discount department stores and newsstands.
system have long complained about the state’s budget cuts and in many ways are sympathetic to the protesters’ demands.
Administration officials have avoided public discussion of additional military options.
Under a new state law, the state can intervene for three years, he said, though he added that that can be extended.
“You could hear it rip,” said Ms. Hansen, 29, still cringing at the memory.
ranking, and the US Open is her first junior tournament this year.
Journey with special guests: Foreigner and Night Ranger.
He was still being weaned off methadone.
In one solo a rejected maiden (Ms. Ananiashvili) turns into a fire snake; in another a man (Philippe Solano) plays a mournful girl.
Their retractable-roof park is only one prong in a rebranding that includes a new manager, Ozzie Guillen; a new name, the Miami Marlins, which becomes official Friday; new uniforms; and a festive new logo that calls to mind the colors of a Wonder bread bag.
“I believe one day she will be able to think,” Dr. Rhee said.
By 2070, elderly people will outnumber children under 15, and there will be only three people of working age (15 to 64) for every two people under 15 or 65 and older.
While the rest of the world has moved to the chips, the United States has lingered in a chicken-and-egg limbo, with retailers loathe to spend money on new payment systems until card companies adopted the new technology, and card companies reluctant to use the chip cards until merchants agreed to accept them.
20110624 ‘Avenue Q’ R-rated puppets give lively life lessons (2:15).
But initial price can be deceptive, Mr. Ross pointed out.
As the fighting died down in Tripoli on Friday, the scope and savagery of the violence during the nearly weeklong battle for control of the capital began to come into sharper focus.
Who could want for more?
The prices are too high for what they're really worth.
In a study published in March in The American Journal of Kidney Disease, a research team at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville uncovered serious knowledge gaps among 401 patients with various stages of the disease.
… Someday U will find me dead, but it’s cuz of Kashi … he wants to kill me.” In a long telephone interview, Ms. Iqbal said: “My cousins told her to leave and said they would take her in and help her, but she wanted to stay for the boys.
The Lady Raiders upended Baylor when it was No.
Page B1 BUYOUT OFFER OVER FEUD The management of Russia's largest mining operator, Norilsk Nickel, offered to buy most of the shares held by one of the company's two feuding owners and thus resolve the dispute.
When their voices joined together, I sometimes felt a shift — to me, they became one complicated being who happened to have two sets of vocal cords, no less plausible a concept than each of us having two eyes.
It remains to be seen whether resolving the case will reduce tensions between the C.I.A.
Mr. Forstmann has since sold the painting.
But for the first time in recent memory, many see an edge by the other camp, fueled in part by the 2010 documentary “ Race to Nowhere ,” which focuses on the detrimental effects of overprogramming students who lack sleep and joy.
Add a few human ingredients: a naïve biology teacher leading his unsuspecting high school group on a research trip; a serial killer and his three equally murderous male concubines.
Still only 20, the technically gifted Diskerud has started all 17 of Stabaek’s league matches, and his future looks bright.
It’s not a cafe, but you can drink at them.
But neither has been healthy.
It made you hold your breath.
But Washington won the last three games to take the series, capped by a 2-1 finale that was tied until Sergei Fedorov scored five minutes from the end of regulation.
The African Union is now putting the finishing touches on its shiny new home — a calabash-domed conference hall and a curving blade of a tower — right on the site of the city’s former central prison.
“Here, we do the scrounging for them.” Matt Reiley, whose favorite medium is cast metals, corroborated that after wandering the dusty aisles in search of an unusual rasp, or file, used on metal.
Rangers cut the deficit to 2-1.
In Touching: The Human Significance of the Skin, Ashley Montagu cites numerous case studies demonstrating a relationship between touch deprivation and mental and physical illness.
Surely she offers an interesting perspective on our own maneuverings.
In Hamburg she helped found the newspaper Die Zeit, became a prominent figure in liberal postwar circles and stood as a symbol of decency among the Prussian aristocracy under Hitler.
Stewart A. Baker, a top Homeland Security official in the Bush administration, said the restrictions on Mr. Mohamed made sense because “this is a very dangerous guy, backed by an enormously dangerous organization.” Anthony S. Barkow, a former federal terrorism prosecutor who runs a center on criminal law at New York University, said that Judge Krieger seemed “to pay more scrutiny than judges typically do” when reviewing such measures, and that she had demanded more specific allegations of dangerousness than is typically required.
Don’t expect elegant presentation or a particularly transporting atmosphere, though the décor is soothing, with tile floors and walls of deep orange and orangey yellow, dotted with round pieces of painted cinnamon wood.
But the goal is to use it in everything the company makes.
The Bay Shore stop on the Long Island Rail Road is on the Montauk branch.
For proof, visit Vinoteca on a Monday night, when competitors from DC Bocce’s “Premier League” do battle in teams that are gloriously coed.
Now surely North should have passed; the opponents were probably not bidding with very weak hands given the vulnerability.
Jennifer Washburn said it should.
In Rock Hill, S.C., the new Main Street Children’s Museum opened in December as part of a broader downtown revitalization project.
Ms. Palin, who exploded onto the national political scene in 2008 as the running mate of Senator John McCain of Arizona, has remained coy on whether she will run on her own in 2012.
Though too polite to criticize his hosts directly, Mr. Trichet said that income inequality is ultimately a threat to society.
Speaking at a news conference in Benghazi, Mustafa Abdel-Jalil, chairman of the rebels’ Transitional National Council , said Colonel Qaddafi’s loyalist fighters had until Saturday to negotiate a surrender.
In Washington, several people told me that unless there is consistent and increasing demand, taxpayers will have helped build an industry to nowhere.
“Making money is certainly tough for players in the sector, especially ones without scale.” As a result, many tycoons like Azim Premji — chairman of the information technology services exporter Wipro and one of the wealthiest men in India, with a net worth estimated by Forbes at $16.8 billion — prefer to use in-house staff members to manage personal wealth.
A spokesman for Mr. Belafonte insisted the singer was not asleep, but meditating.
The Collection’s design showcases photo slide shows, blog posts, videos and articles, offering you a graphic entry point to The Times’s daily fashion content.
That’s how we all start.” He called Kiki to check how the play date was going, sounding sweetly affectionate, and then on the way into the hotel posed patiently for a photographer with an excited bride and groom who spotted him coming in.
Lewis Hamilton was second in his McLaren Mercedes, while Vettel’s teammate, Mark Webber, was third.
On some of the most important issues facing this nation, it is time for the president to come out of the closet.
The idea, according to Mr. Stringer, is to bring content from Sony’s music and movie companies exclusively to those gadgets, spurring both hardware and software sales.
One was linked to the perpetrators and one was the victim.
It was unclear whether he planned to appeal.
At the New York-New York casino, where a permanent Sept. 11 memorial is positioned in front of the fake New York Harbor in which the fake Statue of Liberty sits, there is nothing but pride.
Marie Collins is a 64-year-old native of Dublin.
Giralda Farms, Dodge Drive and Madison Avenue.
Some omissions are curious: he details the struggles between Abdul and a new judge, Kara DioGuardi, who joined “Idol” in its eighth season, with no mention of their personal and professional history before the show.
“What are we going to do?
That fish was reported to have been found in a tributary of the Fraser River, a critical salmon run for fishermen in Canada and the United States.
South Sudan, which is separating from the Khartoum government, controls much of the region’s oil.
“Barry Goldwater called them as he saw them, and we try to do that too,” Mr. Bolick said.
BOBCATS 95, RAPTORS 90 Gerald Henderson scored 18 points, D. J. Augustin finished with 23 and Charlotte beat host Toronto to end a five-game road losing streak.
They matched the ring he planned to give to Ms. Boyle.
Analysts and industry experts worry that the deal could hurt consumers, in particular by eliminating T-Mobile’s low-cost phone plans.
What were some big influences for you early on?
We've got more than 800 trails and 3,000-foot cliffs in this park.
“Do NYT reporters and Speaker of the House have too little access to POTUS?” Most of the Twitter queries were not very tough-minded and gave the president the opportunity to repeat his talking points.
Aside from the loss to his brothers and sister, to his wife, Sheri, and to his grandson Jack, now age 14, ''he left a void,'' Debra A. Burlingame, the captain's sister, said.
While Facebook and other social media channels will undoubtedly be powerful tools for presidential contenders in 2012, voters can still expect a barrage of traditional television campaign advertising and direct mail.
How many winter storms this makes so far depends on how you count them and where you’re counting.
As in Chicago, Gérard Depardieu gave an alternately manic and depressed reading of the narration, in French.
The combinations can be worse when you are left to your own devices.
It is just like the Catholic Church.
The equipment, new centrifuges that the inspectors described in a report circulated to members of the International Atomic Energy Agency , is intended to replace balky, breakdown-prone machines whose design Iran first bought from Abdul Qadeer Khan, a Pakistani who illicitly sold production equipment and bomb designs.
We send our heartfelt condolences to his parents, Marie and Stanley, and his partner Frederick Gonzalez.
Thus, “First Class” proves itself not merely an incredible film, but an incredible work of American historical fiction.
For the first time, four networks -- CBS, TNT, TBS and truTV -- have been carrying the tournament, instead of just CBS, as a result of a new CBS-Turner deal that goes through 2024.
“The Valium bottle in my drawer — I haven’t taken it out yet or opened it yet,” Mr. Fairbank said.
For families who believe they should have the surgery, why should they be told they can’t?” But several ethicists praised the pause.
Some Korn fans will still see “The Path of Totality” as a betrayal of its roots, and dubstep diehards will undoubtedly blanch at Korn — or Rihanna or Justin Bieber — co-opting the music.
“I never would have known about it unless I had used the hash tag.
The New York Times said it would not support the N.A.B.J.
According to a person who worked in the palace, they remained there as the ceremonies got under way Wednesday.
Why wasn’t Seattle Coach Pete Carroll similarly disciplined?
They say that the Taliban never went away.
that's how it is: clothes are ready when they are ready, not before.
In a further complication he keeps a tight alliance with the Kennedy/Marshall Company, owned by Ms. Kennedy and her husband, Frank Marshall — more insulation.
His new unisex fragrance line, which will be introduced during New York Fashion Week, is called Type.
Ian was told it was time to go.
Years of operating deficits had led to heavy borrowing from its endowment and eventually to the sale of two Hudson River School paintings to cover expenses, an art world sin for which it received a rare censure: sanctions from the Association of Art Museum Directors.
“They love it here,” she said the other day, showing off the freshly painted rooms and the used dining room set given to her by a neighbor.
What results is a show that is static and cold.
Smith’s autobiography, “ Silent Gesture ,” written with David Steele, was published in 2007 and fractured Carlos’s relationship with him until they were reunited in Mexico City for a 40th-anniversary ESPN special.
Mr. Sabharwal provides a backdoor way around the old system in a manner that is not without controversy.
The school day tends to be shorter, thus providing more free time for students to entertain themselves.
He establishes that Sarah Palin’s ambitions dwarf her talents, that she’s the world’s oldest mean girl and that she has a tendency to become a liability to even her closest allies.
Last week’s victory by Ms. Hochul, a Democrat, in a Republican district in upstate New York was largely attributed to her campaign against the Republican plan for Medicare.
Oakland made one of the bigger leaps this season too, but in the Raiders’ bizarro world, that might not be enough for Coach Tom Cable to keep his job.
The trading and the questions surrounding it were described by a senior executive of another company in an interview here.
But election irregularities can still have an impact, even if ultimately no wrongdoing is proved.
Coal & Allied’s shares rose 26.4 Australian dollars, or 29.4 percent, to 116.20 dollars in Sydney.
“Can you imagine sitting and saying Clifton in the same breath with Houston?” Mr. Volcansek said.
May your efforts bring peace and justice throughout your land.
“If you do five or six things as a package,” he said, “it really makes your property more appealing.” That said, he added, “there are some investments where you won’t see a return on your investment, because they’re too expensive relative to the value they add.” So he advises starting with easy low-cost changes that target energy savings, clean water and clean air.
So you think maybe 50-50 that he makes his up-and-down.
How to decide what conferences to attend?
As the result of the settlement, confirmed by MBIA, Morgan Stanley will take a pretax $1.8 billion charge in the fourth quarter for the deal.
Revis added: “He’s done a lot for this organization.
The Whitney is taking up where she left off.
Liz Taggart, the owner of the farms, in Bedford Hills and Somers, is a champion of soil science and extra-nutritious cultivars.
Although I had spiles (something like spigots) with hooks from Vermont -- and thoughts of using them to hang my bucket directly from the tree the old-fashioned way -- my ''Little House'' dreams were dashed by the realities of urban tapping (a wire fence).
The remaining members of the 12-strong squad are all new to sevens at this level.
Having witnessed the disease firsthand, I can truly say there is something worse than death.
The cell doors were all open, and some of the walls had fresh graffiti on them: “Down with Muammar the bastard” and “Where are you now, Ziyad al-Zawi?” Zawi was a notorious intelligence officer who had worked here.
Her lawyer contended that the governor, not the courts, was the sole arbiter for removing commission members, and under any grounds she pleased — even disapproval of the chairwoman’s dress and haircut, if it came to that.
A July 21 agreement, which was supposed to provide money for Greece while limiting the losses for banks, has yet to be put in place, and markets seem convinced that a Greek default is inevitable.
In most of the films we’re clearly in a working-class world.
And a few steps away, Bernd Goeckler has mounted chairs on some of its walls (which are higher than at neighboring booths) and covered others with plastic topiary.
The glues and album bindings weakened and failed.
Derrick Albert Bell Jr. was born on Nov. 6, 1930, in Pittsburgh, to Derrick Albert and Ada Elizabeth Childress Bell.
Under the guidelines, more than 140 schools were eligible to be closed, and district leaders said there could have been many more on the list.
It’s got something that isn’t particularly common; it’ll do in a pinch.
But they have fewer opportunities to upgrade cheaply, because carriers are less likely to offer a free or discounted phone to those who commit to a one- or two-year contract.
Today, 21 years after his first doctor-assisted suicide, only two states — Oregon and Washington — have laws on the books allowing assisted suicide.
“It is a new tax, and we disagree with it on policy grounds for sure.” Chris Hooks contributed reporting.
Makharov told me to take the letter upstairs and see Ivan Fadyekin, head of Department Three.” This “letter” consisted of a 10-page document describing all 203 problems in the Soyuz hardware.
A rocket fired by militants from Gaza overshot the Israeli port city of Ashdod on Thursday afternoon, landing in an open area to the north, as Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates was meeting with Israel ’s defense minister, Ehud Barak , less than 20 miles up the coast in Tel Aviv.
You go in and you get it.” As of 11 a.m. Friday, Macs and iPads were still in stock at the Palo Alto retail branch.
to raise its bid three times.
“Americans generally support an all-of-the-above strategy,” Mr. Weiss said.
People cheered the crackling of the flames, but this minor demolition was hardly enough to bring their wrath to a cathartic finish.
“That’s why we kept it going so long,” he said.
''Women, War & Peace,'' at 10, follows the thousands of Liberian women, Christian and Muslim, who took on the warlords and regime of the dictator Charles Taylor amid a brutal civil war and won peace for their country in 2003.
The one thing that may help Mr. Perry is that CNN is partnership with the Tea Party in putting on the debate.
Within minutes, the kid swept a glorious cross-field pass to Eto’o.
A federal judge ruled in that state’s favor last year, and an appeal — also to be led by lawyers for the House — is now pending.
Ms. Grigorieva attended the Monday court session.
She is a daughter of Anne M. Treisman of New York and Dr. Michel Treisman of Oxford.
Don’t be coy, Joe said; we want your opinions.
And the Chinese government, which last year sentenced a woman to a year of hard labor for a sarcastic three-word tweet , appears to suffer from an acute case of humor deficiency.
According to Hanne Smidt, a co-author of the report, there needs to be “active engagement of university leadership in creating inclusive and responsive university strategies” to develop successful lifelong learning policies.
 Volkswagen and Mercedes-Benz are among eight or nine car brands that plan to run commercials during Super Bowl XLV.
The Beatles’ Shea concerts are generally acknowledged as the beginning of the stadium rock phenomenon, and baseball stadiums quickly became part of the Beatles legend.
As great as the Carolina passing game has been, the Panthers need to find a balance with DeAngelo Williams and Jonathan Stewart, who haven’t done much thus far.
A. Let’s start with Recette , Jesse Schenker’s inventive West Village restaurant, where you can eat what he wants you to eat ( sous vide quail, for instance), for $75 or $100 per person depending on the number of courses.
“The Central Bank of Bahrain is expected to release statistics early in April, which will indicate the impact of the unrest on banking activity, and in particular on the liquidity available to banks,” said Sofia El Boury, an analyst at Shuaa Capital in Dubai.
MADISON Museum of Early Trades and Crafts “Thomas Nast’s Influence on History at the Museum of Early Trades and Crafts.” Ryan Hyman, the F. M. Kirby curator of collections at Macculloch Hall Historical Museum, discusses how the cartoonist’s illustrations influenced iconic American symbols.
But Odyssey says the federal government has had a secret motive for getting involved in the case.
Friday at 7 p.m.; Saturday at 11 a.m. and 2 and 4:30 p.m.; Sunday at noon and 3 p.m.; Wednesday at 11 a.m. and 2 p.m.; New World Stages, 340 West 50th Street, Clinton , (212) 239-6200, gazillionbubbleshow.com ; $44.50 to $89.50; lap seats for ages 2 and under are $20.
The previous record, set in 2009, was just over 200 natural disasters.
When Mr. Buffett made his first Wall Street rescue, of Salomon Brothers amid a scandal two decades ago, he was reported to have called his investment a Treasury bill with a lottery ticket attached.
“Bourbon is growing at a faster rate than the total spirits category and outperforming most of the other spirit segments,” declared Danny Brager, vice president of the beverage alcohol team for Nielsen.
(Brantley) ‘Motherhood Out Loud’ A compendium of sentiment-enriched scenes and monologues about the joys and agonies of being a mom.
Stressed, he started to brainstorm ways to comfort his increasingly unwieldy staff of more than 7,000.
You must be more than a gardener when the catalogues come.
Everything about Cutler’s career is polarizing: the gaudy statistics that contrast his 35-35 win-loss record; his penchant for turnovers; his snippy, irritable public demeanor; and his career-long association with mercurial offensive masterminds like Mike Shanahan, Josh McDaniels and Mike Martz, who only magnify his peculiar attraction-repulsion effect.
The State Department cables released by WikiLeaks gave a close-up view of that uneasy interdependence: Mr. Saleh told Gen. David H. Petraeus, then the American commander in the Middle East, that the United States could continue missile strikes against Al Qaeda as long as the fiction was maintained that Yemen was conducting them.
“To teach literature or history is in a way a losing battle because you cannot cross that crevasse,” he said.
I think I’ve been invited to comment on today’s puzzle because Joel Stein invoked my name when he was the guest solver a few weeks ago.
The silver-tinted waves of the Northeast coast generally roll in more slowly because of the vast continental shelf, which catches the groundswell earlier in its travels from the deep and gives it a gentler approach.
3 was in the worst shape — a skeletal concrete frame, with much of it collapsed into a pile of rubble.
With Spain leading by 14 with 3:11 left to play, Noah fouled out, symbolizing the hopelessness that had overtaken the French.
With first place in the Big Ten on the line, the No.
The administration should put on the brakes.
Since at least 2005, the central bank has clashed with political leaders over their failure to enforce limits on deficit spending and total debt that are part of the treaty that governs the common currency.
The school looks like a good American school, and classes are taught in English.
AT THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO, FOOTBALL AND HIGHER EDUCATION MIX Since Chicago reinstated football as a varsity sport in 1969, winning has not been an obsession and the game has thrived in Division III.
Officers handed out flyers reminding cyclists not to exceed the 25-mile-per-hour speed limit and to yield to pedestrians – as is the park law.
Because analysts say automotive jobs generally support at least six other jobs in the surrounding area, the new hires could have a significant effect on Flint’s unemployment rate, which was 12.5 percent in November.
“I did not know that these terrorists were such cowards that they would attack sleeping children,” local television news networks quoted Mr. Aslam as saying.
Mr. Fiennes’s role was not specified.
The choice was between Schubert and Bartok, not Schubert and Gyorgy Kurtag.
The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe — an organization of almost 50 nations that investigates human rights issues — adopted the report of a two-year inquiry that alleges that during Kosovo’s war of independence from Serbia in the late 1990s some members of the Kosovo Liberation Army held Serb prisoners in detention centers in Albania and executed them with gunshots to the head to extract organs for shipment to Istanbul.
When Anders Behring Breivik was not plotting mass murder and fine-tuning the bomb he detonated here last week, he was busy playing video games and blogging, listening to Euro pop and watching episodes of “True Blood” — except on Sunday nights, when he usually dined with his mother.
It slipped to fourth place in 2010, when Hong Kong pulled ahead.
(Isherwood) ‘A Felony in Blue, or Death by Poker’ (closes on Saturday) Daniel Gallant’s drama about an unusually high-stakes poker game among five mob bosses chugs along and is practically over before it starts.
Everything is coming together nicely.
security — risks that come from other people.
The group has been held responsible for several other terrorist attacks in Southeast Asia, mostly in Indonesia but including the Philippines.
“Scouting and player development has almost become a cliché in the game today,” Rays General Manager Andrew Friedman said, “but definitely, it’s more important for us than for any other team in baseball.
Even the most basic facts are in dispute.
Defaults and foreclosures ultimately cost more than a refinanced loan in good standing and impose huge costs on the broader economy because they push down home values for everyone.
3:11 p.m. | Updated The latest Hollywood feature to find its inspiration in the vaults of Sid and Marty Krofft , the television producers behind groovy children’s programs like “H.
Up close, this town can sometimes look a little grubby, the business somewhat desperate, the movies too.
Dejected, Mr. Obus went to visit a business acquaintance, Kenneth Langone, the founder of Home Depot.
Probably, the beneficiary of all the difficulties in the conservative half of the Republican electorate will be Mr. Romney.
The Bahamas will bear the brunt of the storm over the next several days before it is expected to veer on a more northward path toward the Carolinas, forecasters said.
At 7:30 and 9:30 p.m., Dizzy’s Club Coca-Cola, Frederick P. Rose Hall, Jazz at Lincoln Center, 60th Street and Broadway, (212) 258-9595, jalc.org ; $30 or $35 cover, students $15 for select sets, with a minimum of $10 at tables, $5 at the bar; sold out on Tuesday.
But NASA awarded the three retired orbiters to the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, the Smithsonian’s National Air and Space Museum in Virginia, and the California Science Center in Los Angeles.
In 1976, the arrest of members of a Czech rock group called The Plastic People of the Universe gave birth to the Czechoslovak dissident movement known as Charter 77.
The driver has a rather famous name, and nickname, as well.
That meant that the school was a good fit for a photo opportunity.
Small flammable cubes, of the sort used to light charcoal for barbecues, are placed under one of the car’s tires.
ItalyVacations.com will discount trips to Rome, Florence or Turin by $150 to travelers booking with the promotional code 150YEARS.
“ Workaholics” is the brainchild of the troupe Mail Order Comedy, and stars Adam DeVine, Anders Holm and Blake Anderson as three not-too-bright friends who work together as telemarketers and also live together.
(The hotel has its own gym too, and offers free bicycles on a first-come basis.)
She needed more than that.
The Iranian, Ehsan Ghaem Maghami , was scheduled to play Ehud Shachar in the fourth round of the Corsica Masters, a pairing determined by computer.
PEHUB The Many Wiretaps in the Primary Global Case | Court filings show that federal prosecutors listened in on phone calls between the expert network firm Primary Global Research and 97 of its money-managing clients, The Financial Times reports.
They’re compact fluorescents with built-in speakers .
The emerging countries of Asia benefit from the “demographic bonus” — a young population with few dependents to support — and they have managed to create the right conditions to take advantage of it by developing good education systems, attractive business environments and investing in research and development.
“And we can’t understand that at all.”
“But he’s still going to have to tell the services that they’ll have to do with less money.” Surprise Pick for C.I.A.
Forward Teal Bunbury was ejected after his second yellow card for a challenge on Jair Benitez, then Dallas stunned the 20,018 fans — Kansas City’s biggest crowd this season — by scoring in the 89th minute and extra time and escape with a win.
It has been over 20 years since the end of the cold war, and yet the United States continues to spend enormous sums on its nuclear arsenal and related programs.
There are still several hundred pain clinics in Florida, with many of them now migrating to central and northern Florida, where the crackdown until recently has been less intense.
Ms. Ferguson demurred when Ms. Winfrey asked what kind of pajamas Queen Elizabeth wore, instead effusing about the more than 20 royal attendants available to her at Buckingham Palace before her divorce in 1996, including six ladies-in-waiting.
And use the savings to lower the corporate tax rate for the first time in 25 years –- without adding to our deficit.
On Monday, an Istanbul court ordered the arrest of three retired generals, as well as Lt. Gen. Nejat Bek, the highest-ranking officer still in uniform to be arrested as part of the investigation, which began in 2007.
I just try to get better, try to get back on the field as soon as possible.” Reyes, who was voted the starting shortstop for the N.L, will go to the game in Phoenix on Tuesday to be part of the festivities, but he will not play.
Evercore advised McGraw-Hill on the sale.
Ms. Palin is no newcomer to the area, having made regular trips to give speeches and sign books.
The dances that Louis XIV and Voltaire and Pushkin cherished did not survive.
It was all about the work in the end.
“We are seeing colleges have to contract the amount of aid, in any form, they give to students, as their budgets are being crunched,” says Rosemary G. Feal, executive director of the Modern Language Association.
The House approved the measure the day before, 75 to 42.
Whether that is a meaningful benefit, especially in light of some dangerous side effects, has split patient advocacy groups and the medical community.
However, because of the great size needed for a “pure” fusion reactor and the unsolved problem of fabricating materials to withstand the heat, the development challenges are substantial and may take decades to overcome.
“So many options are available to artists now that the labels are going to have to show, more than ever, their value as this gigantic entity.”
The rookie defenseman Ryan McDonagh scored his first N.H.L.
The Buckeyes lost to Florida in the championship game.
“You are not qualified to be a Division I A.D. and I would have fired you a long time ago,” Burton wrote to Hathaway.
“I didn’t see him back off,” he said.
Absent some amazing Palestinian peace overture, and maybe even with one, I do not see any Israeli leader with enough authority today to pull Israel out of the West Bank.
A low-key laboratory scientist himself, he dresses the part, often coming to work without a tie and in short sleeves.
(Jan 30-March 31), dancespaceproject.org .
But slashing vital services just to pay for more tax cuts is bad public policy and bad economics.
“There’s not enough snow for me to consider this a real snow day,” he said.
“Live in Europe 1967: The Bootleg Series Vol.
FOR “ American Idol ,” having more than five million followers on Facebook is encouraging, but there is something besides devotion the show wants from Facebook users: cash.
Basim Shakir, 24, is one of those testing the bounds of free expression in Iraq’s tenuous democracy — so far with limited success.
He taught at Manhattan College, served on the Board of Visitors for the City College of New York and received an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from Marist College.
Justice Department prosecutors and other officials, including the C.I.A.
The accusations also resulted in a broad criminal investigation.
Protesters there could not have approached the border without government acquiescence, and analysts said the decision to allow the protest was aimed at deflecting attention from the protests sweeping Syria against the government of President Bashar al-Assad .
Gary Woodland (67) and the overnight co-leader Webb Simpson (69) were tied for third at eight under.
“I’ve never seen devastation like this,” he said.
He expressed his pleasure at being able to enter into direct relations with French statesmen and asserted that the alliance with France is the basis of Russian foreign policy.
Ms. Tipton plays her as not simply youthful but visibly unfinished.
His balanced statistics in points, rebounds and assists show his consistency in doing whatever was needed to help his team be better.
Mr. Carle said his colleague, whom he declined to identify, was puzzled by the e-mail.
“These guys are harnessing their strengths and pushing the limits in areas where they feel most proficient,” Kellogg said of Steck and Honnold.
“Turn it around, Tiger,” they called.
You’ll know what we like and want.
Ms. Brinkmann was cut off before she could elaborate on her answers.
The Giants also signed Steve Weatherford, the former Jets punter, to provide some competition for Matt Dodge, who struggled last season as a rookie.
Dario was born when I was 19, old enough that strangers mistook him for my son.
Mr. Franco came on stage at the opening, brandishing his cellphone.
But he also knew he had to execute a balancing act of attracting new whisky drinkers while not alienating devotees of the Canadian style.
When there is a parliament, the Islamists will get the majority.” “Abdel Hakim Belhaj is in effect the governor of Tripoli just because he was elected by an Islamist militia,” Mr. Sherif said.
Sponge cake, a Porto obsession, arrives as a lush mush with orange and kiwi slices.
“I used to be very down and out, worried and depressed, and I’m not so depressed when she’s here with me,” Mrs. Novak said.
The memo was unsigned, the former spokesman said.
Memorial contributions may be made to the Museum of Jewish Heritage, Edmond J. Safra Plaza, 36 Battery Place, New York, New York 10280 and The American Committee of the Weizmann Institute of Science, 633 Third Ave., New York, New York 10017.
Running time: 1 hour 15 minutes.
Most were temporary labor migrants who headed to the Middle East and the Gulf states.
A former Sr. VP at BBDO.
There are now more than 50 community farms dedicated to refugee agriculture, an entrepreneurial movement spreading across the country.
The folks at the University of Connecticut can talk about ethics, but they let that horse out the barn in 1998 when they embraced football and moved up to Division I.
No need to run out and purchase your own.
You later helped found the International Racing Press Association, which handed out passes.
But he also acknowledged that he would be “trying to drive more efficiencies in the system.” “I would hope,” he said, “that those two things never come into conflict, at least no more than they ever have in the past.”
The three were suspended for a brawl against rival Cincinnati.
To lose without scoring a goal, and to fail from the penalty spot four times out of four attempts, is shocking.
It’s kind of a sad day, to me, for the league.
The empanada sampler, with one each of the steak, chicken and ham and cheese baked turnovers, was nicely conceived and executed.
The message, over all, was “We’re here to do business,” not “What does this all mean?” Only a few dealers, like Peter Blum, took shots at the fair environment.
“Today it is not possible to conduct business in Moscow,” he said.
Baylor 7 – A&M 3 It’s the fourth consecutive game Michigan has scored on its opening drive.
He had maintained that euro-zone economies must pay their debts, even if they are on the verge of insolvency, as Greece is.
If your quarterback plays like that, it’s almost like cheating.
When the Onchocerciasis program staff caught up with her, they brought her back to the hospital.
That’s not the way I operate.” I pointed out to Huntsman that running against fellow Republicans is a very different beast from running against a Democrat in a solidly Republican state.
“There’s a pigeon in the kitchen,” she said.
Around us, shelves were filled with leather handbags, many brightly colored and each hand-constructed the on-site studio, where Ms. Groselj has worked for the last 45 years.
At least nine Goldman analysts and traders left the bank and later worked at Galleon, including Rick Sherlund and Rick Schutte, both top-ranked technology industry analysts.
The Italian news media reported that the apparent cause was a heart attack.
Mr. Farkas said Mr. Gore, who ran for president in 2000, was considered for the series, but the producing group decided that “history’s still being written about 2000.” The series starts with Clay and ends on Dec. 9 with Ross Perot, who ran for president in 1992 (and again in 1996).
The committee now expects a somewhat slower pace of recovery over coming quarters than it did at the time of the previous meeting and anticipates that the unemployment rate will decline only gradually toward levels that the committee judges to be consistent with its dual mandate.
“Rejoice and Shout,” which initially seems rambling and digressive, snaps into focus once it begins relating a chronological history of a genre that evolved out of the fusion of plantation work songs and Christian hymns.
The reactor, the second at the Watts Bar plant, is the only one now being built in the nation.
Obviously we didn’t play our best football.
Do any of them have interests in common?
But people, rather than sea creatures, are by far the biggest recipients of artificial radiation, and most of the exposure is intentional.
HOURS Monday to Thursday, 11:30 a.m. to 11 p.m.; Friday, 11:30 a.m. to 11:30 p.m.; Saturday, noon to 11:30 p.m.; Sunday, noon to 11 p.m.
There’s kind of a toughness, and it’s cool.” Temple football has long faced an existential question: can the Owls thrive in a city consumed by professional sports?
Its chief executive said in a statement that Mr. Dolega had died after a tear gas canister hit him in the head in rioting on Friday.
The United States and other developed economies are eager to revive growth by increasing exports, but they need help from the developing world, where the crisis was not nearly as painful, and there is little enthusiasm for sharing the pain of recovery.
On a domed Fabergé clock that had belonged to Prince Felix Youssoupoff, Sandoz substituted his own cursive initials for the original family photos.
The spokesman, Mahmoud Shammam, said that there were no deaths or injuries, and that a hunt for the assailant was under way.
Page 20 ONE DOCTOR'S QUEST One man's search for a drug could change the way his daughter thinks and lives.
The suspension ends Marquez’s disappointing season, in which he played in only 19 of 34 regular-season games.
“It’s a major industrial facility,” Dr. Kerr said of the planned Wilmington complex in an interview.
“What the dosimeter issue reveals is that people are getting more nervous rather than less about radiation dangers.” The corrosion of trust, at first aimed at faceless bureaucrats and lawmakers in distant Tokyo, now includes governors, mayors and city councils as well, a potentially unsettling trend because it pits neighbors against neighbors.
“Did the department face that problem?
With Mick Jagger already signed on to perform at the Grammy Awards in a tribute to the singer Solomon Burke, who called himself “King Solomon” and who died in October , it’s only fitting that Aretha Franklin, the still-reigning “Queen of Soul,” should also be honored at the awards ceremony on Sunday in Los Angeles.
Sachem Public Library, 150 Holbrook Road.
Make it easier and more transparent for companies to get financing.
And how they took license to change the defensive nature of Italy’s national sport so that it became not only glorious, but victorious too.
SANITATION No pickups, street cleaning or recycling.
He owned and managed Hirshfield's Florsheim Shoes in Astoria, Queens and was very involved in the local community.
Long waits for a table and exorbitant prices go without saying.
Matt Lewis, writing in The Daily Caller , explained why “9-9-9 is dumb-dumb-dumb,” saying: “Right now, Americans do not pay a national sales tax; Cain’s plan would change that.
He said that an L.S.U.
Their story has spilled out on television, Jerry-Springer-style.
“I took my responsibility at TCW very seriously, “ he testified.
But in hindsight, it’s curious how unfazed he was.
The camerawork and the editing in this introductory scene, as throughout, are jagged and seemingly crude.
A closing, it estimated, would yield savings of $347,126 over 10 years — almost all from eliminating Ms. Blackburn’s job.
These songs are tracks I converted into the Apple Lossless format from my own CD’s with iTunes.
Ralph was a wonderful man who had many friends and was loved very much by his family; his wife of 60 years, Kay; his son, Derek; his daughter, Vivien; his son-in law, Dale; and two beautiful grandchildren, Colette and Ben.
“I wasn’t up to it,” he said.
Governor Cuomo must resist delaying tactics from lawmakers.
A report in the ''Arts, Briefly'' column on Wednesday about the inaugural season of New York Live Arts, an organization created by the Bill T. Jones/Arnie Zane Dance Company and Dance Theater Workshop, erroneously included a work among those that will be presented.
PAGE A10 ALTITUDE SICKNESS IN CATTLE Ranchers who raise their herds on the lush grasslands of the Rockies find that up to 20 percent can suffer from a form of high-altitude sickness that kills more than 20,000 cattle across the West each year.
In a statement, the United Nations said that up to 30,000 head of cattle had been stolen and that it was investigating the possibility that as many as 200 people had been abducted, making it one of the largest attacks in recent memory.
If a lot of fission occurs, which may happen only in an extreme case, the uranium would melt through anything underneath it.
The firm’s owners, Maggie and Hugh Tanchuck, were on hand as Andre Iwanczyk, a sculptor and stone restorer, used a chisel and diamond-tipped drills to do some recarving and smoothing-out of surface parts.
EVERYTHING IS OBVIOUS, ONCE YOU KNOW THE ANSWER , by Duncan J. Watts (Crown Business, $26.)
Many, including the police, looked initially to Twitter and Facebook to find participants and organizers of the violence.
Elaine R. Berg, president of the donor network, said: “These meetings don’t happen that frequently.
Mayor Scott Eveland, a lifelong resident, said he had doubted initially that the Jets would deliver on their promise of civic engagement.
The judge, Justice Michael D. Stallman, handed down his decision late Tuesday afternoon, ruling for the city and saying the protesters could go into Zuccotti Park but could not take their tents and sleeping bags.
Mr. Obama’s announcement drew mixed reactions in Washington, with Democrats generally approving while Republicans voiced fears that security gains in Iraq could be reversed without an American presence.
Leading by a point, Erving Walker took a 27-foot 3-pointer with just under 50 seconds left, which rimmed out.
The former Chez Panisse chef Christopher Lee served a Roman-Jewish spread, pictured above, in the Berkeley hills.
Her parents, who live in Portugal, were two of the survivors, he said.
Banking, however, takes the cake.
I’d jump from a window… man, I would shoot myself.
Thursday, 7 to 8:30 p.m. $5 and $10.
Cook, stirring occasionally, for 15 to 20 minutes.
Cameron’s judgment is in serious question.
Such deficits are not sustainable.
But go out there and talk to the average American who’s struggling mightily just to get by.
The next day, Dr. Bruce Meltzer, the unit’s medical director and psychiatrist, told a state mental health department investigator that “he fears the perp could commit murder and that it could happen at any time,” according to an internal document.
Several months earlier, Primeau had agreed to donate his brain to B.U.’s researchers.
Exxon Mobil has made two big new oil discoveries and a natural gas find in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, news that underscores the importance of the basin to American crude output.
Rakoff even cited in his ruling the trustee’s assertion of one piece of evidence that showed the men had worries about Madoff: that Wilpon and Katz, after years of investing with Madoff, “seriously considered buying fraud insurance with respect to their investments in Madoff Securities.” But the optimism of the owners about the case winding up before Rakoff was rewarded in at least two significant ways.
He vowed that reductions would continue “at a steady pace” after that, and that “the Afghan people will be responsible for their own security” by sometime in 2014.
Unhappy about having to cover transaction costs, the DeSoto Cab Company declared in April 2010 that it would stop accepting credit cards.
Número de policías veteados, centros de control de confianza funcionando.
In the United States, deficit-curbing plans from 1978 to 1998 were about equally reliant on tax increases and spending trims, with each accounting for deficit cuts of about 0.18 percent of America’s gross domestic product in the average year that any austerity plan was in effect.
The total order book for the A320neo family now stands at more than 750 planes.
He took home with him in 1832 the germ of what would become the telegraph.
Before the show opened, an Asian collector paid “a six-figure number” for everything, said the gallery owner, Eric J. Zetterquist.
Thomson Reuters Corporation, the news and information provider that owns Reuters, said that Mr. Adler had been named to the position effective immediately.
It already has Facebook connections: Sean Parker, an early Facebook investor, is also an investor in Spotify.
The BikeBar is on the ground floor of the EcoFlats building, which also has a shower for commercial tenant commuters.
Ms. Palin has said that she is likely to make her intentions known by the end of September.
I ensure that they’re properly written so that they clearly and accurately reflect the agency’s intent and are legally and operationally sound.
She said she became gravely ill during the custody battle and speaks of that period cryptically, as if she were the victim of an intricate plot at some imperial court.
Federer, making his 10th straight appearance at the tournament, has won it five times, amassing a 38-7 record along the way.
Under the offer terms, Transatlantic would be run as an independent subsidiary.
“To get a glint in the hair,” is how Mr. Palau explained the addition of the multipurpose product.
Helen, Michael and Adam Levy announce with deep sadness the passing of our beloved son and brother Zach on November 15, 2011.
He watched it again on Monday, and he planned to watch it again Tuesday.
The state achieved near-universal coverage by requiring most people to obtain insurance or pay a penalty and by providing subsidies to help low- and moderate-income people buy private insurance on new exchanges.
Sally served in the navy during WWII, was a talented writer, voracious reader, devoted daughter of Israel, and devotee of Jazz.
Aaron Rodgers threw five touchdown passes for the first time as the host Green Bay Packers rolled past the rival Chicago Bears , 35-21, on Sunday night.
He had such confidence in his serve that he thought the odds of coming back and holding serve were still in his favor, even if faced with three straight break points.
I asked whether any official body was likely to investigate this unholy alliance.
His 12-year-old son, Takumi, is still recovering.
The only one flustered is you.
At 6 o’clock or so one evening a couple wandered in, ordered four appetizers and a couple of glasses of wine, and sat beaming at each other as the fading sunlight spilled into the room.
A mile north of the old city, this 17th-century family estate turned “urban resort” offers a spa , a Michelin-starred restaurant, and a lounge with a fireplace.
If you do nothing we’ll fail.
A graduate of Marymount, Joan was beautiful, smart, tough and independent.
In August, Solyndra, a California -based solar panel maker, announced it would file for bankruptcy.
The results for physical activity were similar: the eyes of children who exercised the least had the narrowest blood vessels.
I believe he was helped by more than his Zen mentality in producing such a prestigious figure.
Drug traffickers, realizing the potential of a stronger market, have focused more heavily on the northeast, resulting in drug wars and addiction-fueled violence, they said.
Among other locations, the troupe will perform at the Arenes de Montmartre, the Hotel de Beauvais, the Place Sainte-Marthe and the courtyard of the Conservatoire Hector Berlioz.
How about Guyana, (formerly British Guiana), where the cult leader Jim Jones compelled more than 900 followers to drink a cyanide-laced fruit drink?
The provincial spirit is reflected in the grub.
What the movie's detractors missed is that everything Jean-Claude and Pierrot do backfires on them, right up until the sleek black joke of the final shot.
With overall industry revenue static, others must lose for Deutsche to win.
The argument now surrounding Qawalish is that battlefield behavior is relative.
So they literally have no habit of showing up on Monday.
That is because the legal distribution of the drugs is regulated by the Controlled Substances Act of 1970, and the licensing of doctors to prescribe them is overseen by the D.E.A., not the F.D.A.
He graduated from Yeshiva University and received a medical degree from the State University of New York at Stony Brook.
Most interns do benefit — not monetarily, but by gaining experience.
In laying out his proposal, aides said, Mr. Obama expressly promised to veto any legislation that sought to cut the deficit through spending cuts alone and did not include revenue increases in the form of tax increases on the wealthy.
We agree that Mr. Bernanke would get less criticism of his actions if he better managed the central bank’s message.
Sayedee’s treatment speaks for itself.
“He’s not someone who gets rattled by big problems.
From the street they had a chance to contemplate their place in the housing market, a 16-story structure designed by Copeland & Dole in light brick and stone.
You’re surrounded by the fireflies.” These days, you are also surrounded by the tourists.
Given the challenges at C.P.S., he may be getting half of what he wanted.
Lay them in a shallow bowl.
Then Obama apologizes, says that his advisers have learned that there is no such country as Ruritania, and cancels the program.
Each week, as many as 90 new trainees file through the company’s training academy, a modern building near the Tennis Club, a popular Dubai spot among the expatriate community, close to the historical center of the city.
His polemical urges found other outlets.
Ms. Portman is dabbed with stage blood and digital goose flesh, stalked and spied on by the camera, wrapped in the jumped-up Tchaikovskian wail of Clint Mansell’s score.
“You know who people are.” In our litigious times, health and safety are Job 1.
“No way artists are going to come out to Braddock” from Pittsburgh “at nine at night for studio space.
Last Friday, Bobby Sanabria, a jazz drummer, called the decision “the most blatant example of racism in the history of any arts organization” and “a slap in the face to cultural and musical diversity.” But in the letter sent to members on Wednesday the academy defended its plan and vehemently rejected suggestions the changes were intended to hurt any particular group.
filed an unusual civil administrative proceeding against Mr. Gupta that accused him of leaking secret board discussions to Raj Rajaratnam , the head of the Galleon Group hedge fund, who was convicted of insider-trading crimes in May.
Perhaps a little too easily.
In March, the country’s benchmark wholesale price index jumped 9 percent and a consumer price index for industrial workers was up 8.8 percent.
But does it really need a positive review?
While Mr. Ryan and top Republican aides would not discuss specifics, there are strong indications that the proposal will draw on deficit reduction plans that Mr. Ryan laid out in his 2010 “roadmap plan” and a second proposal he wrote with Alice M. Rivlin, a director of the Office of Management and Budget in the Clinton administration.
PHOTO: A new battery recycling plant near Antwerp in Belgium, operated by Umicore.
So much for the peaceful passage.
It works on the weeds’ roots as well as their leaves.
He has four goals in 14 games this season.
Scott Shane isn’t impressed: “The slow pace of improvement in small-business employment hasn’t even brought us close to January 2007 levels.
Imagine that someone offered to dump 1,100 busted washing machines onto a prime piece of riverfront property in Midtown Manhattan, pitching the idea as a potential tourist draw and educational attraction.
Google ’s strong fourth-quarter earnings proved that it is now firmly ensconced in e-commerce, and also showed that, with its Android operating system and related apps, it is smoothly transitioning to the mobile world.
He made the rolling sign, pinching his fingers together.
), insiders look for a candidate with enough magnetism and personality to appeal to a full range of party members.
When almost any Yankee in the last four decades has reached a major milestone, whether it was his first hit or his 2,999th, his 20th victory or his 600th save, Monahan was there to inscribe the moment with black ink on white horsehide.
“The mood we saw out there,” Mr. Saffo recalled, “was, ‘Hey, my 401K has become a 201K.
Michel van de Ven sees potential for insects as human food, if customers are not told what is in the product in the beginning.
And while Mr. Huckabee had some political baggage that his rivals tried to exploit, its volume did not compare with that of the issues Mr. Gingrich’s rivals are trying to exploit now.
Parking is $4 and $8.
These are big truths, and the authors see them clearly and whole.
The key to time management is knowing what your highest priorities are and making sure that you block out time every week that is unscheduled.
Williams did backtrack a bit Monday when he told FoxSports.com : “Looking back on it, I was a bit over the top.
Sure enough, the delicious shakes seemed to strengthen willpower by helping people perform better than expected on the next task.
Then last week, when Groupon tried to undo the damage by abandoning its attempted accounting gambit, the discontent doubled down.
What a wall satisfies is not so much a material need as a mental one.
Mr. Weschler, 50, is the founder and managing partner of Peninsula Capital Advisers, a private investment management firm in Charlottesville, Va., whose funds include Peninsula Investment Advisers and Peninsula Capital Appreciation.
A I'm not into meetings.
He said “a crowd of demonstrators tried to assault Ambassador Ford and embassy colleagues” as they were preparing to meet Mr. Abdel-Azim.
Shaw declined to comment on the changes and, with about $19 billion under management, something tells me the firm will manage to scrape by, even with lower rates.
Who was Sergeant Beers and what connection did he have with Fort Totten?
began regularly tracking such outbreaks in the early 1970s.
Besides his daughter Frances, he is survived by his wife of 43 years, the former Maria Rogge; another daughter, Irene Arricale; a son, Marc; and two grandchildren.
There’s an old-fashioned quality to the Paradise Lounge — its female workers generally frolic in G-strings and pasties, while their male counterparts usually wear suits — which makes it something of a nostalgia trip.
Kiteboarding, parasailing, kayaking, all readily available there.
Fellow Tibetans greeted him as a hero, but Indian intelligence officers have kept him under close watch, on suspicion that he might be a Chinese spy.
“I hear it from Democratic members as well.” But Democrats argue that the policy prescriptions are proof that Republicans are determined to undo clean air and water protections established 40 years ago.
The Democrats’ message must be far more convincing than it has been, and their counterattack against Republican irresponsibility far more powerful.
Then it gives us something slightly different, something equally visual, gratifying and, above all, charged with the deliberation and focus that are the essence of art.
Can the board terminate his proprietary lease and evict this person if this out rageous behavior continues?
The child is Dee Dee, that man’s daughter.
But that cultural orthodoxy, combined with political developments, fostered a kind of ossification that led to fado losing some of its credibility and authenticity.
Posters to brighten up the hallways.
In the pit Maurizio Benini struggles to keep the energy level up and everything together.
That’s why the bank’s shares are down 42 percent this year.
At two morning seminars, an afternoon gala awards presentation in the dazzling Guangzhou Opera House and an evening banquet, prizewinners and celebrities spoke of their China Dream and their longings for truth, morality and greater rights.
Are they the handful of college boys at the front of the crowd in the smaller tents?
reader, just like swiping a credit card at a terminal.
Try to find the birth parents?
So, budget at least a half-hour for each latch set or hire someone to do it for you.
After Jennings homered again off Mike Adams in the eighth, Adams walked B. J. Upton with no outs.
Between the time of signing and the closing, Southern Peru’s stock price rose substantially.
Jerry Falwell — the founder of the Moral Majority — has become a whistle-stop for many aspiring G.O.P.
“It’s always nice if they rule in your favor, but it’s also helpful to know what they’re thinking,” said Olson, the players’ lawyer.
But on Thursday, a new and particularly bitter dispute began playing out in a very different kind of judicial venue across the Canadian border: a provincial Supreme Court justice held a hearing into questions of whether a potentially lethal virus had been detected in wild Pacific salmon — and whether the Canadian government was responding adequately.
What is it, some kind of rabbit?
Overheard: “Our young designers today are, dare I say it, a bit too earnest.
The red ribbons of expended cluster munitions littered the streets, bits of color among the rubble.
Gail Collins: Unless you happen to be the son of a president, the rule seems to be that you have to run unsuccessfully but manically, and then, after you lose, devote the next several years to wandering around looking eligible.
That’s better than rising unemployment and falling payrolls.
Two leading Chinese human rights lawyers have been released after disappearing during the country’s continuing crackdown on dissent.
We ordered hand sanitizer, put extra gloves on planes and trained employees in recognizing symptoms.
Collectors have a variety of options for getting pricing information for artwork, collectibles and wine at online sites that primarily track sales at public auctions.
Does he strike you as the most self-aware guy on the planet?
Many people were taken aback when France emerged as one of the most pugnacious advocates of military action in Libya , especially Americans who were accustomed to French criticism over Iraq and French foot-dragging over Afghanistan .
A ruling against Mr. Davis, American officials said, could have set a precedent for other countries to deny C.I.A.
Just stand in the hotel’s fourth-floor lobby, and the buyers and sellers, high and low, will eventually swirl past.
Ms. Welsh likes to generate recipes for trimmings, she said, because using up everything satisfies some of the same urges that fuel the desire to be a better cook.
“Obviously it involves lot of numbers,” he said.
Rodion Pogossov has big shoes to fill replacing Peter Mattei, who is stepping in as the Met’s last-minute Don Giovanni and whose commanding Figaro provocatively emphasized the character’s aggression, countering the twee excesses of Bartlett Sher’s mostly clever, fast-moving production.” In the pit Maurizio Benini struggles to keep the energy level up and everything together.
As for Transcanada’s threats, he says, “I told them, do what you have to do, but go to hell.”
Health physicists should gauge the radiation level in the work area, and the workers would normally be told how long they can remain.
The last few weeks have highlighted a sobering inevitability for Indianapolis: at some point, Manning will be gone for good.
“The guys never got down.
While the video provides yet another example of that “ sense of humor ” that Mr. Cain says Americans need to get, he does actually take music seriously: he put out a gospel album 15 years ago.
Relativism about morality has come to play an increasingly important role in contemporary culture.
“My biggest regret is I looked at what he was doing, rolled my eyes and said, ‘That’s John,’ ” said Mr. Conner, the first FAIR director, who praised Dr. Tanton’s great “decency and his generosity on a personal level” and his selfless devotion to his cause.
call (800) 550-0005. fashion assistant: emily eisen.
The disease was a secret.
FRUGAL TRAVELER It's Take Your Parents to Work week for Seth Kugel, who traveled on the Dalmatian coast in Croatia with his mom and dad.
KAPLAN--Beatrice (nee Granoff) on January 7, 2011 one day before her 88th birthday.
The university’s chancellor, Matthew Goldstein, has spoken out about the problem since 1999, and says it is the most common complaint he hears from students.
Being positioned to shape policies as they develop, and to seize opportunities emanating from policy changes, can also be a catalyst for corporate growth.
He said the spectacle of the long negotiations had left the American public bewildered and dismayed.
Information: (800) 242-8992 or hstudio.com .
Over the decade 2001 to 2010, there were 17 deaths at businesses in the entire U. S. It is unclear if the business death toll represents some type of special vulnerability (did employees fail to take safety precautions?)
officials complain that Germany has yet to produce a consistent plan for how to increase the burden on the private sector, or to engage in the debate over how to leverage the euro zone’s €440 billion rescue fund.
Now it seems that without a radical game-changing initiative within weeks, the crisis may no longer be controllable.
Isabel Allende long ago accepted that her father, former President Salvador Allende , took his own life with an assault rifle just minutes before troops stormed the presidential palace in a coup on Sept. 11, 1973.
will return to the table.
Mike Tolbert leads the team in receptions while Ryan Mathews is second in receiving yards.
Finishing his round on Thursday afternoon, Matteson holed his 36-yard second shot from the fairway on 18 to make a 2 and shoot 72.
After months of focus groups and brainstorming, a consulting firm has freshened up the image of Chattanooga Municipal Airport by renaming it what?
They saw Vietnam, World War II, the Great Depression (he is the last surviving member of the New Orleans Works Progress Administration jazz band) and the invention of rock and roll.
It’s part of his persona and when the music comes on the fans get excited and as a player, your adrenaline kicks in, too.
“I feel really good that I’m helping the team,” Colon said, before referencing Girardi, “because in spring training he told me if anything happens, you’re going to be the man, you’re going to jump in the rotation.” Colon’s command has impressed the Yankees since spring training, but his spike in velocity Wednesday surprised them, jumping to 95 and 96 miles per hour after a steady 93 last Wednesday in Toronto.
Mr. Booth said prices were climbing for many of the commodities Ford uses, including steel, plastics, copper and aluminum.
It may be that members of Congress — but especially the Republicans in swing districts who were overwhelmingly likely to vote for the bill — relied on an oversimplified view of public opinion.
But I’m hopeful that the resiliency he ascribes to the economy will see us through the coming ecological challenges, too.
Especially at the tables closest to the kitchen, it feels a bit like being in the home of a very talented cook.
“The Internet,” Mr. Monaghan offered tersely.
They jokingly called themselves Octopus Jam.
Ansari Fard flicked home the winner after 63 minutes of a largely dour game, riddled with mistakes from both teams, which canceled out each other in a tedious midfield battle of attrition.
March 8 at 7 p.m. Free.
But critics also participate actively in that conversation.
I just scanned it long enough to realize the content (marital woes), and I deleted it; my reasoning was that it would be very hurtful to the spouse (who is already going through quite a lot), and also that the spouse would know I had read it and might be embarrassed or angry.
After all, he had been a licensed driver in Virginia for years.
That transformation is an actor’s challenge, and Mr. Jackson plays it with great force: furious, enraged and almost instantly, but believably, bitter.
Six years later the construct of “Dancing With the Stars” is being turned on its head.
etiquette requires players to desire victory above all else, but never over any specific opponent (except next week's foe), let alone all of them.
On Jan. 4, 2010, when Justice Thomas was in Savannah for the dedication of a building in his honor, Mr. Crow’s plane flew from Washington to Savannah and returned to Washington the next day.
She played every minute of the Americans’ opening two matches, working diligently to involve her teammates, but the question persisted: What’s wrong with Wambach?
In the quarter, the bank set aside only $278 million for representations and warranties claims.
But Coach Doug Collins came out of the TNT broadcast booth to shape the Sixers into winners again.
Raburn has shown a fairly big platoon split in his career , with combined on-base and slugging percentages (O.P.S.)
Let’s start with the creation of the euro.
He is survived by many friends and family.
But in past years people could always get tickets at the gate, even on the last day of the festival, which is held at Fort Adams State Park on Narragansett Bay.
Mr. Rudd tried to streamline the processing procedures, only to see an explosion in the number of people arriving by boat to 6,535 in 2010 from 161 in 2008.
Students 13 and older are invited to comment below.
He was at his best when the chips were down, going 3 for 3 through the air in overtime and completing 16 of 22 passes in the third and fourth quarters when Stanford was chasing an inspired U.S.C.
“People know what the news is,” said Mr. Domal, the ad sales executive.
And then the Twitter messages began to flow — from the living room computer, from a laptop in her bedroom and from the iPhone she carries everywhere, having mastered the skill of typing on it with one hand while holding her daughter in her other arm.
In November, WikiLeaks chose to share the diplomatic cables database with The Guardian but not The Times.
It was there that he shaped his militancy.
All in, that’s $90 billion, or $3.5 billion more than Goldman’s market value on Tuesday.
New York Times Books-A-Million’s Bid for Borders Stores Abandoned | Books-A-Million and Borders have not been able to come to a deal over Books-A-Million’s bid in bankruptcy court to acquire 30 Borders stores.
The spookiest performance is saved for last: in “Forward,” Mr. Poulson, always a dynamic presence in Ms. Marshall’s work, hangs upside down by a harness.
Rather than displaying fare listings based primarily on schedules and prices, American’s technology eventually will customize offers to a traveler’s individual needs.
The apartment, with a small extra room, was larger than others he had seen for a similar price, $2,050 a month.
“With more distressed homes likely to be sold in coming months, house prices will depreciate further before they stabilize.” Economists expected that the Conference Board’s September confidence gauge would climb to 46, according to the median forecast in a Bloomberg survey.
If Joachim de Callatay’s shoes have the height of a small building and the heft of a piece of furniture, perhaps it’s because the 31-year-old Belgian studied industrial design rather than fashion.
And now, without further ado … First, our three runners-up, in order of submission: The winner is MunawarR-BSGE2016 , who caught our attention in previous weeks, writing about meteorologists and the case of Aisha Bibi .
This spacious neighborhood of detached homes with sidewalks and well-kept yards seems to be from a bygone era.
“Spending across the board is covered — our spending, their spending,” Mr. Ryan said.
The organization’s Three City Dash festival is built around new works by the six composers, along with older scores by colleagues in their home cities.
4 train to 125th Street, where the Puerto Rican festival was in full swing.
In the ad, Arthur asks the user to help him dress while he makes his way to the Zappos Web site.
That includes an array of apples — Ginger Gold, Honeycrisp and Empire, all at $1.75 a pound — and Bosc pears.
Rates start at 990 Danish krone ($186).
For brain damage in a vehicular accident, the median jury award in 2008, the most recent year for which data was available, was $289,793, according to Jury Verdict Research , which compiles the data and publishes it.
He’s the president of the United States.
Taken as a whole, bond funds were little changed in the quarter, down 0.6 percent, but there were exceptions.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY JEFF ROBERSON/ASSOCIATED PRESS)
From a public relations standpoint, it is better to control the message than have information about an assertion of the Fifth Amendment come out in a way that focuses on his unwillingness to cooperate, and the inferences that will inevitably be drawn from that.
The details emerged on Tuesday as Mr. Jenkins pleaded guilty in State Supreme Court in Manhattan to attempted burglary and conspiracy in the case, according to the district attorney’s office.
The European authorities have reported several differences from previous outbreaks, including that women make up more than two-thirds of those affected and that young and middle-aged adults account for a very high percentage of the most severe cases.
Not surprisingly, these Chinese domestic partners have viewed American banks as merely short-term partners to provide capital and expertise.
Their families were significantly more likely to be offered bereavement support.
“South California” would exclude Los Angeles.
For example, the $5 billion worth of preferred shares of Goldman Sachs that Mr. Buffett bought in 2008 paid 10 percent a year in interest.
blood test to screen for prostate cancer because the test does not save lives over all and often leads to treatments causing pain, impotence and incontinence for many.
Another educational winner is Design for Change, a global children’s movement founded in India by Kiran Bir Sethi, a designer who runs an experimental school in Ahmedabad.
And gross private sector output grew at an annual pace of 3.6 percent in the quarter, up from a 2.6 percent growth rate for 2010 as a whole, suggesting an acceleration in productive output as the government’s postcrisis efforts at stimulus are withdrawn.
The Delta seat functions as a balance beam for a female gymnast whose sensuous performance evokes an attractive model demonstrating appliances or cars at a trade show.
Several on the committee thought the purchases were “helping to keep longer-term yields lower than would otherwise be the case,” according to the minutes.
In recent years his artwork was an important outlet for his talent.
The experiences of Groupon and Zynga also illustrate how hype can obscure fundamentals.
Raised in blue-collar Shaler , Pa., a town of 28,000 where a high school football game is a major event, Mr. Corbett spent most of his career as a prosecutor.
But the law also enacted new regulations on teacher-student ratios, classroom size and parental involvement in school administration that are being applied to government and private schools.
They moved to Pasadena and had two children, Sally and Richard, who survive her.
Others dip low, opening the way to a view to the Statue of Liberty.
Last month at Harvard, she used her role as speaker to advise seniors to be nice to parents, live in the moment and learn to change a tire.
Mick Karn was born Andonis Michaelides in Cyprus and came to Britain with his family when he was 3.
Swing voters would have taken the 10-to-1 deal in a heartbeat.
“I said, ‘I don’t want to do this, Mom,’ ” Ms. Camacho said.
This is a dismal story of an educated young Chinese woman from Bejing, Hua (Corinne Yam), who, having been dumped by the French lover whom she had followed to Paris, falls in with a working-class young man, Mathieu (Tahar Rahim), who has unsavory, petty-criminal connections.
He’s one of the busiest and best jazz musicians on the New York scene at the moment — he’s been playing with David Binney, Jen Shyu, Rudresh Mahanthappa, Tim Berne, Jacob Garchik and others — but his sideline, through studies with the tabla player Samir Chatterjee, is performing Indian rhythmic cycles on the trap set.
“At least they’re not laughing you out of the room,” Huntsman said of the voters after his first few events in New Hampshire.
Similar innuendo floated through Iraq’s partisan press in the days before the government announced an arrest warrant for the Sunni vice president Tariq al-Hashimi, on charges that he ran a death squad.
“Not Derek Jeter pursuing 3,000 hits.” At 2,996 after going 2 for 6 Tuesday, Jeter started and batted leadoff Wednesday , something he will do every game until he reaches the milestone, however long it takes.
An odd man dances through on all his toes just like a rubber ball.
Instead, we’re left to wonder because there just wasn’t room to turn to this channel on Sunday.
Which all sounds pretty rugged, if you don’t know that I did this as a part of an Edelweiss Bike Travel tour.
If you’ve had the burger at Saxon & Parole, what did you think of it?
The food is really good; it’s all fresh, organic food and artisan goods and things like that, and they serve my favorite brand of coffee, Stumptown Coffee .
They are both back on tour now, with Del Potro at No.11 in the current rankings and Nalbandian still in the mix at No.64.
Whatever happened to the pleasantries of customer service?
At the time, Churchill said a second front was impossible, but by the Tehran Conference, it was clear that the Allies had to do something to take pressure off the Soviet army.
There is every reason to believe that a strong, nonpartisan majority of justices will do their constitutional duty, set aside how they might have voted had they been members of Congress and treat this constitutional challenge for what it is — a political objection in legal garb.
However, the factories are running at only 50 percent capacity, and Toyota operations in other parts of the world have also been scaled down significantly as inventories of parts and components dwindle.
While admission to the memorial is free, passes are required.
Energy Transfer was advised by Credit Suisse and the law firms Latham & Watkins, Bingham McCutchen and Potter Anderson.
But Mr. Connolly was later found to have allowed Mr. Bulger and an associate — Mr. Flemmi — as well as others to continue criminal activities, to have protected them from prosecution and even to have told Mr. Bulger of his impending arrest in late 1994, prompting him to flee.
It is not unusual for a private college to admit a quarter or more of its freshman class early.
''Sometimes it was difficult,'' Mr. Castillo admitted, ''but what we have here, at the end of the day, is something spectacular.''
But in January 1981, three days after he was inaugurated, President Ronald Reagan withdrew Mr. Truesdale’s nomination to a second five-year term.
These voters have been drowned out lately by the Tea Party and Occupy Wall Street , but they are the main prize in 2012.
Then check out Dhammayangyi Temple , a massive structure strikingly reminiscent of the stepped pyramids of the Maya.
Built in New York in the 1950s and ’60s, the buildings were part of the answer to the housing shortage touched off by returning veterans of World War II; the white glazed brick was supposed to make them look like beacons of clean, shiny modernism in the midst of the dirty city.
“If you’re constantly getting injured, you may want to try these things.
In early August, Sykora asked his agent, Allan Walsh, to procure an invitation to the Devils’ training camp.
“The markets on Wednesday reacted to every bit of information that hit the tapes and a lot of that was contradictory,” said Tom Porcelli, chief United States economist at RBC Capital Markets.
Both indexes ended the week lower, the Dow by 0.3 percent and the S.& P. 500 by 0.2 percent.
Industry analysts estimate that the Verizon workers earn several dollars more an hour than workers at largely nonunion cable competitors like Cablevision and Time Warner.
And online backup or storage services like MobileMe from Apple, Windows Live SkyDrive from Microsoft, Mozy from EMC and SugarSync are now familiar.
The soldiers moved through the sandstorms, and landed back home in the United States to deal with the continuing legacy of American foreign policies.
To add to the potential indignation, the Giants went to Seattle and crushed the Seahawks, 41-7, on Nov. 7.
Around the country, she adds, a handful have closed.
Meanwhile, the police in San Francisco arrested seven people and dismantled part of the demonstrators’ downtown encampment Wednesday morning.
Mind you, a large part of Ms. Hall’s point is that Martin Luther King was a human being, with all the attendant foibles and frailties.
The band will provide the celluloid proof by screening “X: The Unheard Music,” a documentary from 1986, then perform its seminal debut “Los Angeles” (Slash) in its entirety.
What would help a lot more right now is for Germany, Europe’s economic powerhouse, to temporarily cut taxes.
Developments in media that make it possible for any ticket buyer to broadcast an opinion on a Broadway show via the Web have also changed the climate in which theater is written about.
In legal motions to be filed on Tuesday, marijuana distributors and some medical patients will ask federal judges in four districts to issue temporary restraining orders to prevent federal prosecutors from taking action, lawyers and a lobbyist for the industry said at a news conference here on Monday.
Along with our international partners, the United States will continue to play a leadership role in helping all the Sudanese people realize the peace and progress they deserve.
For lack of a keyboard in Bach’s “Brandenburg” Concerto No.
The tour starts in the Surveyors’ House, where the Ingalls family wintered before building a house of their own, as described in “By the Shores of Silver Lake.” Then it goes on to the First School of De Smet, featured in “Little Town on the Prairie,” which Laura and her younger sister Carrie attended.
He never won another singles major, and he never became the next great Australian star, but he managed to see the world and earned a living playing tennis, which suited him just fine.
It also entered into a joint venture with PSA Peugeot-Citroën early this year to co-develop hybrid technology.
"I will not be silenced and I will not give up and I will not be ignored," she once declared, and her determination brought hope to millions.
College admission is based on many factors, and applicants are evaluated in different ways.
The reform inspired by Enron, WorldCom and other accounting scandals helped clean up company books in the United States, albeit at a cost.
“Alcestis” itself has evaded classification, falling somewhere between tragic and comic.
The McCourts’ divorce case revealed that they had used $108 million in Dodgers money over a five-year period to bankroll their extravagant lifestyle.
Worse, Treasury apparently has chosen to ignore rather than support real efforts at reform, such as those advocated by Sheila Bair , the chairwoman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , to simplify or shrink the most complex financial institutions.
Second Stage Theater also has a new works series, and the first of two summer shows is now running there: Michael Mitnick's ''SEX LIVES OF OUR PARENTS.''
These and other stumbles have changed the way mental health workers respond to traumatic events, said Roxane Cohen Silver, a psychologist at the University of California, Irvine, who oversaw the special issue along with editors at the journal.
“I was lucky compared to some others further north.
She cited Robert Ludlum’s “Bourne Identity” as the primary influence on her new novel, “The Informationist.” What this Dallas-based divorced mother does have, however, is the sort of bizarre, twist-filled back story that makes everyone who hears it pay attention.
But in May, to help level the playing field, the authority decided to equalize the ground rents in 11 of the dozens of buildings in Battery Park City, though Liberty Green and Luxe were not among them.
An ML550 is also joining the ML350 and ML350 BlueTec early next year.
BMINO, posted on nytimes.com Mitt Romney is the perfect Harvard M.B.A. candidate.
Mr. Steel has said that he wants to take opera to people in other parts of the city and to find smaller spaces more suitable for some works.
We sadly mourn the passing of Doris Pearlman Goldenberg on Monday, October 10, 2011.
She reduced her monthly payments by nearly $400, and bought an Apple laptop.
We have deplored the use of force.
Childress has not used Earnhardt’s No.
Mr. Radner is credited in the world of magicians and magic collectors with having preserved some of the most important of Houdini’s props, including the “Chinese Water Torture Cell” (a water tank in which Houdini was lowered upside down, his feet chained) and the oversize “Milk Can” he used in a similar escape stunt.
“Clearly, throughout U.S. history there’s been two competing streaks among Americans — acceptance of, even admiration for the wealthy, when people buy into notions of fluid mobility and equal opportunity, and indignation when the inequalities of wealth and power become too grotesque, when the prospects for ordinary people stall no matter how hard they’re trying, and the system seems rigged,” Professor Letwin said.
One of the keys to the Wings’ fast start is the play of newcomer defenseman Ian White , who is plus-4 with a pair of goals and an assist.
Mr. Campbell’s imaginative libretto gives everyday conversation some wistful, poetic touches.
The last real fighting occurred last Wednesday in the Navalperal sector.
“I hailed the first cab, and lo and behold I had no umbrella to shelter her from the rain and no money to pay her fare, so if she wasn’t already unimpressed by me that sealed the deal.” Ms. Gleizer gave him her umbrella and money for a cab, and took the next cab.
But he has clearly moved on to bigger competition now, although he still plans to take classes at Alabama even though, as a professional, he is no longer eligible to compete there.
He asks Mr. Cameron to affirm that the inquiry will not lead to regulation of the press that will stifle its freedom.
HOURS Monday to Saturday, 5:30 to 10 p.m. RESERVATIONS Recommended at least one week ahead.
Beloved son of Lauren and Steven, deeply loved brother of Alex and Zachary, cherished grandson of Lois and the late Martin Witkoff, and Marcella and Bob Rappoport, and adored nephew.
Even last year’s winner, the post-grunge groaner Lee DeWyze , has been all but discarded; this week, he took to Twitter to let his fans know that, no, he hadn’t been invited to perform on this year’s finale.
And whether it’s Shaun Irons and Lauren Petty’s otherworldly video projections or Mr. Sanko’s score (performed live by his clangorous band, Skeleton Key, alongside the recorded accompaniment of the Kronos Quartet), the elaborate production values make these heroic men bit players in their own story.
Whenever you go to Trader Joe’s and pay by credit or debit, your bill will then be automatically transferred into your “groceries” folder, or whatever you choose to call it.
He should consider offering some cabinet positions to Gbagbo political allies if they promise to work for the common good and amnesty to Gbagbo-associated military units if they lay down their arms.
Over the years, the building has served not just as a warehouse of physical goods, but also as a three-dimensional map of the city’s social life, tracking its shifting focus from grand families to corporate achievers to today’s culture of celebrity.
He makes no attempt to depict Nyx precisely in the piece, he writes in a program note.
Le, of New York, tunes in to “X Factor” for the same reasons Ms. Worthington tunes out.
I thought maybe he was also pleading for things to slow down a bit, for although the collection didn't offer new shapes, it made an excellent case for simplicity and comfort.
“I think whether he means it or not, he really is a political figure, and there is no way he can avoid being a part of politics,” said Robert Fatton, a professor at the University of Virginia and the author of two books on Haitian political history.
They were written with profound concision: a handful of chords, a folky melody, a telegram’s worth of lyrics and perhaps an unfancy guitar riff.
Ken Berger of CBSSports.com , for one, believes James will end all of this talk by bouncing back with a big game.
Zhang Wei, quality management director at the Ministry of Health’s National Institute for Radiological Protection, said Thursday evening that Chinese officials were intently following developments at the Fukushima reactors but were unable, as yet, to determine what the impact might be on China.
During the same period, New York’s other four boroughs each recorded a loss of blacks.
But he could stabilize the offense and perhaps offset the Knicks’ substandard defense.
It would also include a plan to address the underlying cause of the crisis — the lack of any effective means of enforcing enforce budgetary discipline among euro members — and a plan to restore growth in countries like Greece and Portugal that have lost international competitiveness.
Being fat means you are rich enough to afford a lot of food and to avoid physical labor.
Then Ms. Kothari had to coordinate the dancers.
Jones, who hit 19 home runs and drove in 48 runs in 328 plate appearances for the Chicago White Sox last year, was looking to be a starter but had to settle for being the Yankees’ fourth outfielder.
“It sounds like it should be disgusting, but gin and Applejack combine in a fascinating way,” he said, creating the subtlest of apple flavors.
After graduating from Brooklyn College in 1952, he studied Asian art and 14th-century Italian art for a year at the Institute of Fine Arts at New York University before serving in the Army.
“The stabbing happened when he should have been supervised by personnel,” she said.
Imagine a computer program that could accurately predict whether the thunderstorm forecast for tomorrow is likely to cause a power failure and if so precisely where; or whether a downpour two days from now will bring flooding or provoke life-threatening mudslides in a specific part of town.
“They called and said nobody had given them exactly what they wanted, but that they wanted me to fly to Los Angeles to try again,” Mr. Linz said.
Indeed, before 1861 the only step the Republicans advocated to speed the demise of slavery was restricting its spread into the territories.
Predicted storm numbers have been raised to 14 to 19 named storms, seven to 10 hurricanes and as many as five major hurricanes.
This possibly premature, hit-and-miss survey of the quixotic, politically aware, yet obstinately poetic art of this Belgian artist, who has lived in Mexico since 1986, whipsaws a visitor between engagement and boredom, serious consideration and dismissal.
Before those same advertisers, when it was time for “America’s Most Wanted” to take a bow, Mr. Walsh walked onstage with a cast on his right leg; it had been injured during a polo match in Miami.
Alternatively, the shapes can be printed onto paper and used like a dress pattern for cutting pieces at home.
WESTPORT Levitt Pavilion The Gene Bertoncini Quartet, jazz.
They have shown that when the birds do this, they display a degree of handedness, with most curving the neck to the right.
A special master appointed by the panel studied suicides in California prisons and found the rate was almost twice as high as the national average for prisons.
“These are people whom we put in harm’s way, and we have a moral obligation to help them.” In April, the Food and Drug Administration said it was satisfied that safety concerns over the study had been addressed by Mr. Doblin and Dr. Sue Sisley, an assistant professor of psychiatry and internal medicine at Arizona, according to a letter from the drug administration provided by Mr. Doblin.
It would be rare, he added, for a country house in Provence to sell for more than 7 million euros.
The museum was supported by the Jewish Federation of Greater Los Angeles until 2005.
said its assembly plant in Shreveport, La., which makes a pair of compact pickup truck models, would be closed for at least a week, starting Monday.
Offices and some residential units are on the floors above.
Federal prosecutors accused him and a second judge, Michael Conahan, of taking more than $2 million in bribes from the builder of the PA Child Care and Western PA Child Care detention centers and extorting hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Has he observed any parallels between the institution he has led since 2003 and the one he writes about in his review?
She says it is hard “to explain to our patrons why we don’t have something.” THE publishers that are holding back are watching for an industrywide approach to gel.
He should be eager after starting a two-game domestic league ban for swearing into a television microphone.
New coordinator Bill Musgrave’s answer to this unathletic unit will be to put more bodies on the front line and hope that sheer power can carry the day.
He’s for school performance contracts in which school leaders vow to meet certain goals or risk losing control of their schools.
Less than a month later, the Little Falls school board approved the big iPad purchase.
Think of her in Charles Busch’s “Tale of the Allergist’s Wife” or Paul Rudnick’s “New Century,” or more recently in Jon Robin Baitz’s “Other Desert Cities,” which opens on Broadway next month, though without Ms. Lavin, who created the role Off Broadway last season.
That he fouled them all off was irrelevant, at least to Long.
Teachers “just didn’t know, skill by skill, the same type of data they are getting now,” Dr. Allen said.
I may not have been “livid,” but then again, I would never offer my apartment to in-laws.
By July 2008, Mr. Zanini was gone, leaving the company without a creative director until the London-based designer Marios Schwab was hired in May 2009 (Mr. Ammeen said Mr. Weinstein was interested in hiring the designer Olivier Theyskens instead; Mr. Weinstein declined to comment).
In integrating the new businesses, he said, “We have a lot on our plate already.” Instead, he said, the company, which is based in Fairfield, Conn., will look to spend its extra cash on increasing the dividend and buying back shares.
Here, pale brownish and reddish hues dominate, set off by black shadows, which creates the same effect of glowing mystery.
The decision, by a 10-to-8 vote, said it was all right for Judge George C. Paine II, the chief bankruptcy judge in Nashville, to keep his membership in the Belle Meade Country Club.
SAT averages last year were 534 in reading, 546 in math and 535 in writing, versus 509, 514 and 513 statewide.
These marauding Bigfoots must be stopped.
At 9 and 10:30 p.m., Jazz Gallery, 290 Hudson Street, at Spring Street, South Village, (212) 242-1063, jazzgallery.org ; $15, or $10 for members in the first set; $10, or $5 for members in the second set.
“His last message was a radio message, I think.
He was a proud veteran of World War II and an equally proud graduate of Townsend Harris, City College, and Columbia University, where he wrote his master's thesis on the Socialist Workers Party.
“To paraphrase that great cyclist Sigmund Freud,” Mr. Wolfson wrote, “sometimes a bike lane is just a bike lane.” The mayor, too, appeared to be doubling down on his support.
Oct. 2 at 7:30 p.m. $50 and $70.
After “The Hypnotist” became a best seller in Sweden back in 2009, the public began clamoring for the real identity of the mysterious Kepler to be revealed.
The State Department’s public documents show a litany of violent crimes against Americans in the 1970s, including the assassination of military officers and executives in Tehran.
It is hard to overstate how angry the principals who signed are.
Military officials at Fort Hood said in a statement on Thursday that the suspect, Naser Abdo, is not based there.
He had recently moved to Kiev from Moscow (where he worked for Russian Vogue) to become Sanahunt’s marketing director.
The state budget signed by Gov.
Her mother is an executive managing director of Warburg Realty Partnership, the residential brokerage in New York.
So was the dreary green carpeting — replaced by tiny marble tiles.
It’s a baseball geek’s dream, and it exemplifies a level of software showboating that At Bat pulls off consistently on the iPad.
“It looked like we were getting close, about six months ago.
Often it’s the people at home that can see it, not on the training ground.
In 1957, when Mr. Ohga married Midori Matsubara, a pianist he had met in Germany, Mr. Morita and Sony’s elder co-founder, Masaru Ibuka, attended the wedding.
Fortunately, the case is an easy one.
I think you’re underserved by a steel bike.
Philip Terpos, who arrived on the scene, described his conversation with Officer Brightman.
The article said the projection system did not work at the start of the party, forcing the homeowner Bill Hulsey and his friends to huddle around a radio.
But they have a promising young anchor at center, the 23-year-old DeAndre Jordan, whom the Clippers re-signed earlier this week.
And people continue to tune in.
The autumn 2011 season was in soft focus, easing up the silhouette, yet sharpening the surface with silvered materials.
“I’m glad I wasn’t No.
His conscientiousness over method extends to an 11-point manifesto on the proper use of sampling and mixing, which he sticks to religiously.
They hold up Tiger Woods as an example of how not to behave when caught in an embarrassing situation.
The five most-viewed articles on nytimes.com/sports for Jan. 28 to Feb. 3.
This will be Mr. Ferguson’s second stint with the accounting board, having served as its first general counsel for more than three years.
It is unclear when he might rule on Wilpon’s and Katz’s motion to dismiss Picard’s suit.
Experience will give you a general idea, but fixating on exactitude is a fool’s errand.
According to Lt. Gen. Michael Ferriter, the American officer in charge of advising and training Iraqi forces, the training was recently provided.
The lather accumulated on my tongue as shavings piled on my teeth and coated my gums.
For now, though, uncertainty reigns, not only in Europe and the United States but also in the Chinese economy, where efforts to curb inflation may also be throttling growth.
The Apple Newsstand will resemble iBooks, the Apple app used to buy books, and will organize magazine and newspaper app subscriptions on iPhone , iPod Touch and iPad.
Today, the Conservancy has grown to encompass 16 major preservation projects from the Humes Japanese Stroll Garden on Long Island to the historic gardens on Alcatraz Island, an annual Open Days garden-visiting program across the country, and thousands of loyal members.
“A court is supposed to find criminals, not to change the outcome of the election.” “This can only be solved with a political solution,” he added.
Then, in the baseball equivalent of a werewolf movie, it all goes terribly wrong: Henry changes, before his teammate’s horrified eyes, into Chuck Knoblauch .
House Republicans on Friday pushed ahead with a measure to repeal the law.
Even Philadelphia, its back clearly against the wall, is playing inspired basketball.
Deal With Citigroup ” (front page, Nov. 29) and “ The S.E.C.’s Enabling ” (editorial, Nov. 29): Judge Jed S. Rakoff’s decision to reject a Securities and Exchange Commission settlement of a securities fraud case against Citigroup and your editorial praising him both deserve plaudits.
Ms. Curran at DePaul said that the housing boom in places like Miami had been so hot that banks became more desperate when prices plummeted and were more willing to sell at lower prices than in the Midwest, where housing prices rose but at a much slower pace than in other places.
He researches subjects like terrorism and H.I.V.
Page B10 A TEST FOR THE GIANTS For the Giants, Sunday's primetime game against the Dallas Cowboys could be a setting where Giants fans may be reaching for a bottle of Pepto-Bismol or a stiff brew.
Open daily, 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. NEWARK Teixeira’s Bakery, 113 Kossuth Street and 186 Ferry Street; (973) 344-4902 (Ferry Street) and (973) 589-8875 (Kossuth Street).
Perhaps they were looked at a little differently, but they were not viewed as a threat.
For Rason to really attract foreign investment, it must solve the “urgent problem” of infrastructure, Mr. Hwang said.
''I won't live by those rules.''
noted that it had issued the subpoena on May 27 to Deloitte, which it said was “in possession of vast amounts of documents,” but that the firm had not yet turned over any records.
They were in a difficult situation, a home-and-home against Italy.
“I spent years sitting in my office and didn’t realize how much I wanted to be out talking to people,” Mr. Irwin said, citing another important quotient to most people’s Plan B equations.
It’s Steve at his best (although not at his best physically, sadly).
Babies are dying because of the lack of equipment and medicine.
He was a wayward teenager, a bad boy wanting to become a worse boy, and this gave him credibility in the matter of where vicious criminals might be found.
“They’re gonna recognize my eyes, my hair my teeth, my boobs, my nose.”) “Maybe she saw the Broadway show — or the movie,” Ms. Allred added tartly.
Was it sexist to talk about her migraine problem?
“We’re aware that publication of these materials has prompted questions from habeas attorneys about the unusual position they find themselves in,” Mr. Boyd said, referring to habeas cases challenging the prisoners’ detention.
The only way to make sense of Mr. Bernanke’s aversion to further action is to say that he’s deathly afraid of overshooting the inflation target, while being far less worried about undershooting — even though doing too little means condemning millions of Americans to the nightmare of long-term unemployment.
Meanwhile, the decision to default involves weighing the pain from default against the pain of trying to pay debt in full — and the latter depends among other things on the interest rate.
Is there anything I can do?
(I’m a Whopper guy, so this assuredly did not happen.)
Recognizing that heightened military activity along the mountainous border with Afghanistan increases the risks of deadly mistakes, American and Pakistani forces have in recent weeks tried to improve their coordination.
Jonathan, we miss and love you every minute of every day.
Small and toy breeds don’t become “seniors” until around age 10.
Analysts say the unemployment and inflation rates are about 20 percent, nearly double the official figures of 11.8 percent and 12.2 percent respectively.
The “big potatoes” for the group seem to be advocates and authors like Eric Schlosser (“Fast Food Nation”) and Michael Pollan (“The Omnivore’s Dilemma”), and the filmmaker Robert Kenner (“Food, Inc.”), whose work has criticized industrial agricultural practices like huge feedlots, tight confinement of animals, the widespread use of hormones and antibiotics and the billions of dollars in federal subsidies that they say support an otherwise unsustainable system.
He urged people to send pictures, noting that the shadchen had not.
WHY do schools like these products?
Barring a few strained passages and shaky notes, he sang with passion and theatrical energy all evening, remaining strong throughout his wide range.
“He’s working hard on his window of opportunity.” On Wednesday morning, as he prepared for another workout, Chirlee said he once considered immigrating to a European country.
He described it as if “you took a glow stick from Halloween and poured it on my leg.” Soon after noticed numbness and tingling traveling from toes to mid thigh, as well as numbness/tingling in right hand and right jaw.
Flakes melted as soon as they hit the pavement on Friday; the puddles bothered no one.
One Friday morning this month, a security guard showed up at the office of Antonio Calvo, a popular Spanish instructor at Princeton University , to escort him from the building.
I figure it will take at least a month, maybe two, to get through it.
So would a more elaborate story; the sketchiness of the refuel-and-leave conceit feels like a missed opportunity.
So why is either side still clinging to its position?
Beneath bare light bulbs dangling from unfinished rafters, they joyously danced and sang to the beat of drums and listened raptly to their charismatic young priest, Barnabas Munzwandi.
If markets don’t start to react more strongly, the appropriate conclusion may be that Wall Street is as out of touch as Washington.
As for the kids, if hyphenating is too unwieldy, they get my name.
In Afghanistan’s west, some local police officers appeared to have detained at least one person illegally and carried weapons outside their home villages, which is not permitted and presumably intimidated civilians.
The LinkedIn prospectus itself echoes this finding, stating that “this concentrated control will limit your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future, and, as a result, the market price of our … common stock could be adversely affected.” According to the Institutional Shareholder Services Governance Risk Indicators’ database, only about 6 percent of companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index have dual-class stock.
The idea of putting any form of the AIDS virus into people sounds a bit frightening, he acknowledged, but the virus used by his team was “gutted” and was no longer harmful.
In times of economic insecurity, investors tend to buy gold.
Instead of killing the ad industry, the digital revolution has proved to be one of its primary drivers of growth.
THAT’S part of what happened in the 1930s.
Oct. 16 at 8 p.m. $70.
The median sales price for condos there has already exceeded the high of $1.49 million it reached in 2008, hitting $1.65 million in the second quarter of 2011, according to data compiled by Miller Samuel.
When you’ve seen a show in New York and then go to see it in New Haven with the same director (Charlotte Moore) and two-thirds of the same cast, you expect a similar experience.
“It just got to the point that it became hard to conduct research,” she said, adding that students could not read sites about, say, military weapons for a history paper.
“I think it’s finally started to scar over, and from now on I think it will start to get better,” he said.
Those access rates range from just €5.55 a month in Poland to €17.68 a month in Ireland.
Given the situation, he said, Belarus could ill afford to weaken the current “vertical authority.” He said that he was not opposed to democracy per se, but that it should be “limited to a square meter around where you stand.” “Brush shoulders with another person,” he said, “and that is where your democracy ends.”
Brokers: Weichert; Re/Max Superior Homes.
In Iowa this week, he said that on his Greek cruise he had gleaned insights into the country’s debt-driven chaos.
Representative Steve King , Republican of Iowa, also weighs in on the committee and the Republican presidential field on TV One’s “Washington Watch.” The 2012 presidential race is on the agenda on ABC’s “This Week,” which will host Mayor Rahm Emanuel of Chicago.
A nuanced legal system — and a nuanced book — would take account of these human frailties and recognize that not all lies are created equal.
THE BAR Full bar with 10 different varieties of martinis at $10 each.
His mother appeared in Broadway shows and Hollywood films in the 1940s, and later was a painter.
Falcons Coach Mike Smith was criticized for his adventuresome fourth-down decision in overtime against the Saints.
How are fine artists working with this use of criminal justice or the death penalty?
With four and a half thousand hours of film, you could have done anything.
IncomeAssure, which is underwritten by the Great American Insurance Company of Cincinnati, currently is available in 34 states and the District of Columbia, and is pending approval in additional states.
Personal trainers are also willing to cut their standard hourly sessions in half to trim the price and be more flexible.
And what if his friends at school or church find out he is on this list?
In the open savanna, a lion’s roar travels up to five miles, proclaiming the extent of its territory: If you can hear it, get out.
But the struggle by the Appropriations Committee to identify additional cuts could throw off the timetable, delaying a vote and pushing a showdown with the Senate closer to the March 4 expiration of the current spending law.
But a gala aims to please broadly, and it was hard to object to vibrant performances of some of the most beautiful works in the repertory from up-and-coming artists who did full justice to the mission of Ms. Wadsworth and her organization.
While a small crowd gathered at the memorial for the liberation leader John Garang, some bowing at his tomb, the counting was expected to carry on through the night.
Inspired by the chef David Burke’s can o’ cake at his high-end restaurant Fishtail, it was constructed with layers of chips, cheese , black beans, more chips, cheese and beans, and — once baked, topped with salsa, sour cream, jalapeño, guacamole, scallions and more cheese — it was devised to be suffused with flavor right to the very bottom of the tin.
That has left it to the E.P.A.
The directive, which is expected to come before the European Parliament on June 22, would oblige all 27 members of the European Union to submit plans to the European Commission, the bloc’s executive arm, for similar nuclear waste repositories deep underground.
“I did work on skate parks, but this house was the first time I could merge these two passions,” he said, referring to his love of skateboarding and design.
With efforts to cool the economy falling short, China has been trying to limit inflation with price controls — a policy that rarely works.
Separately, Congress typically appropriates some money to help subsidize the loans, which are mostly paid for by borrower and lender fees.
They’ve incorporated the gentle exercises into the story line, which consists of a journey through Ohmland to wake up Mr. Sun.
And they do this for no compensation.
These schools know what kind of graduate they want to produce.
He was an intellectual gentleman and will be fondly remembered for his wit and charm and his passion for literature.
The standards, to go into effect in 2014, will replace a hodgepodge of state guidelines that have become the Achilles’ heel of the No Child Left Behind law.
Although it is mostly populated by Palestinians, nationalist Jewish Israelis have moved into a number of houses there in recent years, evicting the Palestinian residents after Israeli courts ruled that the properties had belonged to Jews before the establishment of the state of Israel and the Jordanian takeover of East Jerusalem in 1948.
“No one is that incompetent,” he said.
Speaking of Monday morning, the mayor said: “Tough commute tomorrow.
This was a 7 on a relatively easy par 5, a 7 without a penalty stroke, and a 7 that included a drive into the woods, a chip out of the woods and a third shot with a fairway wood that rifled the ball back into the woods.
Ms. Vakhlis had heard stories of Jews being rounded up and killed by the Nazis, but she did not learn the fate of her family until she returned home after the war ended.
It might be difficult for him to oppose a deal that his party leaders say will help solve the country’s fiscal woes for decades.
I’ll tell you one thing, Christian Laettner had that whole staff believing, ‘We can do it.’ ” For Brey, Hansbrough is as crazy as he is endearing.
In a study completed this year, Mr. Ziobrowski at Georgia State and his colleagues found that House members saw the stocks they owned outperform the market by 6 percent a year.
This is not an ideal weight-loss technique, as a person insulated with plenty of body fat is usually less likely to shiver.
This hulking and energetic biography complicates the picture.
These companies recognize that their future is intricately bound with the future of vulnerable communities facing water scarcity, increasingly severe weather events, sea-level rise and declining crop yields.
Donations in her memory may be made to The Pancreas Center at New York Presbyterian Hospital.
No euro zone or E.U.
Photographs of the windshield of Mr. Davis’s white rental car, with the bullet holes in it, were widely published in the Pakistani press, accompanied by remarks about Mr. Davis’s accurate marksmanship.
DV.load('//www.documentcloud.org/documents/269498-balance.js', { width: 592, height: 350, sidebar: false, text: false, pdf: false, container: "#DV-viewer-269498-balance" }); The travel writer Pico Iyer outs his unhealthy — but not uncritical — obsession with Graham Greene in “The Man Within My Head” (Knopf, $26).
Yes it was, thought Branca.
The vaccine was therefore expected to diminish the pleasure of smoking and make it easier to quit.
Exchange operators around the globe have been consolidating, aiming to seek greater scale to drive bigger profits.
The CNG-powered Civic is, however, the lowest priced among this year’s field of award candidates.
The San Diego Redevelopment Agency spent about $8 million in the early 1990s to assemble the seven-acre site.
The upbeat view of Medicare officials on Thursday stands in stark contrast to the grim financial outlook that prevails on Capitol Hill.
Indeed, a tax of just 0.05 percent levied on each stock, bond, derivative or currency transaction would be aimed at financial institutions’ casino-style trading, which helped precipitate the economic crisis.
Just a day earlier, Europe’s main banking regulator said that all French banks had passed a test designed to see whether financial institutions had enough capital to weather unexpected shocks.
Sex determination tests are illegal in India, but ultrasound and in vitro fertilization centers often bypass the law, and medical terminations of pregnancy are easily obtained.
LA JOLLA MUSIC SOCIETY'S SUMMERFEST San Diego, Aug. 3-26.
My establishing a new network instead of sharing with neighbors does nothing to benefit the Web sites whose content benefits me and whose value to advertisers is based on views and visits.
When claims were filed, the insurers routinely found reasons to deny the claim or to pay absurdly reduced amounts, leaving the “insured” patient with the burden of paying the bulk of the charges.
The next morning, they looked at each other and decided to play hooky from work.
The idea is that the company’s parts will be worth more than the whole.
The FF might be a hatchback, he argues, but with a 660-horsepower engine that can whisk a family and its luggage up to a ski lodge in short order, “it’s a racing car, not a station wagon.” So far, his instincts have paid off: All 800 FFs scheduled for production this year sold out within weeks, despite the 260,000 euro base price and the minimum one-year waiting period.
The ability to freely move across the landscape could become even more important as the climate changes and wildlife need to adapt — following the movement of the plants that they eat or looking for new sources of water as old sources dry up.
Before Malik’s arrival, the city was controlled by “armed clan-based militiamen high on drugs,” intent on threatening those who refused to “do their bidding.” Now “religionists” have enforced a precarious order.
Their largess also accounts for a sizable portion of the institution’s financing.
Action sports are a $390 million business for Nike, and executives hope that figure doubles over the next five years.
Whatever differences we may have, I know that all of us share a deep, abiding belief in this country, a belief in our people, a belief in the principles that have made America's economy the envy of the world.
Dean Khoury, 15, a junior, had nearly been cut for missing the first day of practice, but he had since fought back to earn a spot rotating in as a lineman.
And it showed how Mr. Condon has been growing into his singing: no longer placing his notes at the back of the palate, no longer sounding like some junior hybrid of Morrissey and David Byrne.
His father is a director of sales and marketing in Tempe for ASM Lithography, a maker of equipment that creates computer chips.
Across the capital, youths and some older men guarded their own neighborhoods, sometimes posting themselves at each block and alley.
Stover and Nedney won jobs early in their careers after other kickers missed preseason extra-point attempts and were released.
A: I thought I gripped it, but as soon as I went to grip it in I got hit and it got bobbled up in the air and I knew it was all downhill from there because there were two guys.
The city formerly operated a garbage transfer station at the same location, without incident.
Ms. Zimmerman and Mr. Donohue are also fine as the discontented couple whose relationship grows more antagonistic when Jeanne publicly exposes the affair, causing a public outburst of xenophobia tinged with anti-Semitism (despite Marie’s Catholic background).
If European economies somehow grow enough, those resentments may not matter much.
Mr. Pérez said the Legislature would continue to pursue other options.
Dr. Johnson’s dictionary defined an essay as “a loose sally of the mind; an irregular indigested piece.” Bacon’s compositions tend to drive at a single conclusion, but Johnson’s “sally” is a nice fit for Montaigne’s meandering collection of thoughts, and those of his more whimsical descendants.
They also recall the customs of elderly chuetas who traced their fingers along the stone remnants of the former synagogue and surreptitiously kissed their fingertips.
“They had time to leave.” Ms. Chiba arrived at what used to be a gray two-story home with a decorative rice paddy as a front yard.
“The Cuomos are doers,” he said.
In school, the topic came up, as students in his religion class wrestled with questions of forgiveness and celebration.
We are covering the final season of “Friday Night Lights” according to the NBC schedule.
Stewart won in the warm-up event to Sunday’s Daytona 500 for the fourth year in a row and the sixth time in seven years.
His last game with the Braves was in 2007.
At one point, Treasury officials suggested that the Energy Department seek a Justice Department opinion, but Energy officials said that was not necessary because the government was not forgiving interest or principal.
After several years of denials, News International admitted widespread phone hacking earlier this year after a cascade of revelations, followed by dozens of lawsuits.
THE story of Heather Chaplin and her loft in Park Slope, Brooklyn , started auspiciously.
But when she enters Deutsche Telekom’s airy, white-marble offices here Monday, these managers will no longer be clients but peers: As of Oct. 1, Ms. Nemat heads the company’s European operations, responsible for a third of Deutsche Telekom’s annual revenue of €62 billion, or $83 billion, and is the first woman to join the eight-member executive committee.
Arrayed against them is much, but not all, of the remaining political spectrum, centered on the young organizers behind the Tahrir Square demonstrations who fear a yes vote would ultimately rob them of their revolution.
As that helicopter took off from the roof of the C.I.A.
The cause was a heart attack, his manager, John Gloske, said.
Pat Hughes, a pro’s pro, has it in abundance.
You can listen to a playlist as you get dinner ready.
Not of an easy spot like Penn Station; heck, any change would be an improvement in that bland space.
And while some members no doubt had belonged to or sympathized with the Communist Party, others were apolitical.
Dr. Guskiewicz said the only way Barden might have been saved from a subdural hematoma would have been if he had undergone immediate surgery to relieve the pressure on his brain.
Someone who can be an advocate, a companion, who can share his or her own story: who can simply be there, if that’s what it takes.
But it was the online sales rush in the wake of Ms. Winehouse’s death that was the biggest news on the pop chart.
And Mr. Dean has stood up for her.
$8 to $12; members and children under 5, free.
“I have no doubt there will be glitches and people will be confused, but that is true with anything that starts anew,” Mr. Biederman said.
I’ve just joined Twitter @kimmelman .
Houellebecq doesn’t really find himself contemptible.
She follows him from Europe all the way to Canada, and her madness, finally, turns into something purely abstract, a world of its own: when she passes the object of her desire in the street, she no longer recognizes him.
Kimberly Bell — who was Barry Bonds ’s girlfriend for nine years, spanning his two marriages — walked into the courtroom on Monday to testify at his perjury trial, and nearly everyone there turned to gawk at her.
The Yankees, who went bargain-hunting to fill out their rotation, have the second-best record in the American League.
Of course, the would-be candidate could give up his day job.
Across the border in Tunisia, a small industry has sprung up to furnish baseball hats and T-shirts emblazoned with the tricolor pre-Qaddafi Libyan flag that the rebels have adopted as their own.
While many people around the country may still detest their local office, friends and colleagues in New York City and other places — both inside the state and out — say they have also noted improvements.
Disney, based in Burbank, Calif., reached an agreement in October for Mr. Iger to stay at his post until March 2015 but then move to a lesser role.
Instead he daubs it on, the crimson easing in by way of the curtains Ledgard lectures in front of and in the droplets he perfectly places on glass plates.
The project has been spearheaded by Molly Barton, the director of business development for Penguin and the president of Book Country.
He put his hands beneath my spine, in a way that seemed less like massage than piano tuning.
“That perception is based on a handful of loud and effective advocates.” As Steve Rabinowitz, a former Clinton White House official who advises Jewish groups, puts it, “Jews vote like everybody else — only more so.”
And many have soured on Mr. Obama’s handling of the economy.
· If after that conversation you remain interested, your next step will be to visit the Sarah Lawrence campus in person, go on a tour, perhaps sit in on a class, and meet with a member of the admission staff.
Morgan Stanley is down 48.5 percent for the year; Goldman Sachs has fallen 44 percent; and Bank of America is off about 57 percent.
A part-time job was the only job he felt he was going to be able to take this year, and the fact that that job came with the Yankees, behind Rodriguez, was not an issue.
Some Internet retailers that specialize in classical music, like Ariama , a Web store owned and operated by Sony, have put a premium on refining metadata for their wares, making it blissfully easy to shop for recordings by searching for a composer, a soloist, an orchestra, a conductor, a musical style or a historical period.
Premier Silvio Berlusconi had sex with a number of prostitutes, Milan prosecutors said on Monday in documents seeking authorization to search some of his properties.
“It’s 20 years since I watched my very first Tour de France, and in all that time, a lot of people have believed in me,” Evans said.
Mr. Krishnan said the app work was definitely done in their spare time.
Mr. Kratzsch and Mr. Flanigan alternated bass playing and brass solos; Ross moved from piano to drums; and Don stayed on guitar.
8 P.M. (CNN) CNN WESTERN REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE Anderson Cooper moderates this broadcast from the Venetian in Las Vegas.
Dec. 4, 10 and 11 at noon.
His wife and Cristina died in 2009.
This should encourage industry to invest in cleaner technologies while raising money for the state and local communities to improve energy efficiency.
June 26, 7 to 9 p.m. $50, includes cocktails, buffet and dessert.
Inspired by the real-life white power duo Prussian Blue.
The deal is set to expire on Feb. 28, 2012.
California workers will make, on average, an additional $4,000 over the next two years, the state now estimates, which will mean more income taxes coming in.
“We must clarify who our friends are, clarify who our enemies are, and stop giving money to our enemies.” Voter after voter who came to hear him or to stand in a long line for an autograph or photograph — as more than 100 did during a tailgating party at Samford University here in Homewood on Saturday — explained his appeal by citing what ought to have been a disqualification: his utter lack of political experience.
And I don’t think he’s going anywhere at the end of 2011.
On a recent morning at the Kessners’ new place, two workers were busy moving the couch and side tables into place while Avi brushed ink on a piece of paper and, almost instantly, onto the rug.
A ruthless, tyrannical striver grasps for power, promoting his sons to establish his rule and cement his legacy.
On Sunday,about 2.3 million customers from Pennsylvania reaching up into New England found themselves without electricity, according to reports, as the region was lashed by surprisingly high winds, snowdrifts and surging seas.
Working parents ask me: ‘Will you be there in 30 days?
He was a publishing executive for 48 years, starting at Scholastic Magazines, and moved on to the Saturday Review of Literature, Pocket Books (Simon & Schuster), and retired in 1989 from the Benjamin Company, publishers of promotional books.
roster, however, is the Los Angeles Galaxy’s Landon Donovan, who was named to the team for an 11th time but recently sustained a strained calf and dropped out Monday.
And it plunged our economy and the world into a crisis from which we’re still fighting to recover.
The museum has shown ROUTEless?, an exhibition of photographs and writings by young asylum seekers.
Years later, when Mr. Corzine ran for governor of New Jersey, Mr. Gensler supported his campaign with a $10,000 check.
As much as television viewers might feel they know the place, there is so much they never see.
Tens of thousands of people were killed in the war, and more than a million people, most of them Azeris, became refugees.
Last-minute police work prevented a former Manhattan coffee vendor from carrying out his plan to bomb the New York subway.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt’s star turns in “50/50” and “Inception” may have overshadowed the recent success of his online passion project, hitRECord.org .
Even the law’s critics praise it for drawing attention to student achievement gaps.
And the result is an odd book about class warfare that appears to despise the middle, upper-middle and working classes for being themselves — or, more accurately, for parodying themselves, as they mostly do here.
Outkast's ''B.O.B'' to understand that confusion is a good feeling.
The campaign carries the theme “Made for all,” underlining the Uniqlo brand philosophy as a purveyor of “high quality at a competitive price,” said Shin Odake, chief executive of Uniqlo USA.
Officials said the final 10 people on the list were tracked down by the Missouri State Highway Patrol, which has led the effort to find the 268 people listed as unaccounted for after the May 22 tornado.
The bonds would be sold in small denominations, from $100 to $10,000, to individual investors or, in larger denominations, to institutional and foreign investors.
But as I write in the Sunday Review, new research published last week finally offers men some straight talk about what to expect from treatment for prostate cancer.
“Darien’s nice,” he said, with only the slightest touch of irony.
My house was on a dirt road outside of that sleepy little town.
Grand Central Terminal Walking Tour (Wednesday) The historic terminal, which dates to 1913, is the subject of weekly tours on Wednesdays at 12:30 p.m. led by the Municipal Art Society, meeting at the information booth in the main concourse.
Taseer is a writer of great potential who excels at building absorbing moral tangles, and he renders well the divisions within contemporary Pakistani society, in which the elite regard the extremists with a mixture of embarrassment and terror.
“ Ridiculousness ” is a gonzo Web-video anthology (“Jackass” crossed with Comedy Central’s “Tosh.0”); “ Cuff’d ” is a reality show filmed in the back seats of police cars carrying young offenders to jail (“True Life” crossed with HBO’s “Taxicab Confessions”); and “Death Valley” is a “Cops” spoof about a new unit of the Los Angeles police, the Undead Task Force (“Reno 911” with zombies).
One brother died shortly after birth, and another, Gerard, died in an automobile accident when he was 3, two years before Geraldine was born.
A lot of people in China are angry, too.
But for Wal-Mart, the world’s largest retailer, the fourth quarter was the seventh consecutive quarter of declining sales at stores open at least a year in the United States, a measure known as same-store sales.
New York’s chief judge, Jonathan Lippman, spoke with courage and foresight when he called on legislators and officials to develop a plan to transfer teenagers who commit minor crimes into the family court system, where they would have more access to social services, instead of continuing to prosecute them as adults in criminal courts.
When students have become familiar with the small fix in their assigned articles, reconvene the class and have each pair share the problem and solution.
Noon Iowa at Iowa State San Diego State at Army Mississippi State at Auburn Oregon State at Wisconsin 3:30 p.m. California at Colorado Stanford at Duke N.C. State at Wake Forest Alabama at Penn State Hawaii at Washington T.C.U.
The family: a father home from prison (Esai Morales), an emotionally distant mother (Judy Reyes) and a teenager (Harmony Santana, in an astonishing debut) saving up for gender reassignment surgery.
The recordings were made in 1966 and 1967 and were intended to follow on the band’s critically acclaimed album “Pet Sounds.” But “Smile” was left unfinished and shelved after the group’s co-founder, Brian Wilson, suffered an emotional breakdown and the group’s legal dispute with Capitol Records over the formation of the band’s label.
But the program used a lot of resources for an uncertain result, so it is being replaced by a less comprehensive clinic.
To the Editor: The supposition of Profs.
Mom never hesitated to speak her mind or follow her dreams.
He married Josephine Batchelder in 1947 and their sons John Arthur Jr. and Paul Batchelder were born in 1949 and 1953.
On Jan. 22, 1980, shortly after I arrived in Moscow as a reporter, but before I met him, Andrei Sakharov was arrested and flown to internal exile in Gorky, a city closed to foreigners (now called Nizhny Novgorod).
After conducting a performance of Bartok's ''Bluebeard's Castle,'' Mr. Ozawa canceled two other Saito Kinen Festival concerts last week because of dehydration and pneumonia, Reuters said.
So this is what happens.
The emphatic social conservatism of Gov.
Devotees here puff up with pride at the unique features of the organ, which will turn 97 on New Year’s Eve.
The most revelatory part of Ms. Birnbaum’s installation, though, has little to do with gender.
A Hummer leaking transmis- sion fluid is more like it.
The coalition said a team was conducting a patrol in the village of Baladas when it spotted “nine armed individuals setting up what appeared to be an ambush position.” The team called in a helicopter strike, killing three men and wounding three.
VIDEO: Roger Goodell, the N.F.L.
Hippiefest, featuring Dave Mason, formerly of Traffic; Mark Farner, formerly of Gra; Rick Derringer; Gary Wright; and Felix Cavaliere’s Rascals.
The migrants, mostly from the northern states of Uttar Pradesh and Bihar, are the East Europeans of Mumbai.
He said that after the first period, Gaborik told Ramsay that he “didn’t feel well.” Gaborik left the Garden without speaking to reporters.
I want that money to go to degrees where people can get jobs in this state.” Don Gaetz, a Republican state senator, echoed the governor’s sentiment, telling The St. Petersburg Times: When the No.
About 15 minutes into the service, two girls rose to lead the congregation in a series of prayers.
He added that Nokia’s Lumia phones were not competitively priced, and that the performance of phones with Microsoft’s Windows Phone 7 software had been underwhelming.
With two on and none out, he ranged far to his left for Vladimir Guerrero ’s grounder and flipped behind him to Pedroia to start a 6-4-3 double play.
Franz Beckenbauer, who has led and coached German teams and organized the World Cup for Germany, said last weekend that people did not understand that FIFA was like the United Nations and that Blatter and his staff were doing an excellent job.
A crusty old film business operative once said the Cannes film festival was like spending a week in Nicky Blair’s.
For example, the yield on 10-year bonds issued by Indonesia is now below those of Spain and Italy, a previously almost inconceivable situation that shows how confidence levels have shifted.
Passed away on March 7, 2011.
If a restaurant transliterated its name to Mei Shi Lin, Mr. Yu said, “it may comply with the law, but it won’t help non-Chinese speakers to understand what that means.” (It means “delicious food,” he said.)
David J. Bederman, K. H. Gyr Professor in Private International Law at Emory University School of Law, died on December 4, 2011, in Atlanta, Georgia.
The only goal he set for himself and actually fulfilled was decreasing the number of time zones in Russia -- from 11 to 9 -- and canceling the seasonal resetting of the clock.
Last month the investigation broadened to include questions about Dr. Monnett’s management of other research.
Then results from tests that Podell ordered started to arrive.
I try to let everyone know that eventually I will probably be leaving.” In this case, a couple of months after his leave-taking, he got an e-mail informing him he would be a father.
Representatives of OPEC and Libya gave different outlooks Tuesday about how long it might take Libya to restore its oil production to prewar levels.
He had many interests ranging from his love of the stock market, sports, opera and classical music, to living a holistic/homeopathic life.
In fact, he said, a citywide “Frilcom” would be good — or better yet, a countrywide “Natfrilcom.” Mr. Gerosa did not take the bait, and continued to attack the Board of Education — especially Mayor Robert F. Wagner, who had put his prestige behind a $500 million bond issue for school construction.
She graduated magna cum laude from Harvard, from which she also received a medical degree.
“Women in Saudi Arabia see other women in the Middle East making revolutions, women in Yemen and Egypt at the forefront of revolutions, being so bold, toppling entire governments,” said Waleed Abu Alkhair, whose wife drove around Jidda.
Or the day we went to the Russian ballet.
Some studies have estimated that up to 30 percent of the care delivered to patients in the United States is unnecessary, and sometimes even harmful .
€9 Red 2009 Griffon, Mas Théo.
It was especially wrenching for Nowitzki, who emerged as the series scapegoat.
That’s both the problem and the selling point of “The Tenant.”
Digital information is a bit like chewing gum on the bottom of your shoe.
Speaking of crossword puzzles, Penguin Classics is celebrating its 65th anniversary and to commemorate it, it has published a beautiful book called The Penguin Classics Crossword Puzzles , edited by my Onion fearless leader, Ben Tausig.
Taffy Williams, the church’s organist and music director, also heads a homeowner association, which she says grows and shrinks depending on residents’ concerns about particular issues.
Mr. Markowitz would not release a detailed list of the donors and the amounts they had given.
It has been three and a half years since Air India was invited to join the alliance, he said, and all conditions had been explained to the airline then.
Added variety and desserts made by Luiz Vicente’s charming mom, Zelia Perfeit, gave Pouso Alegre the culinary edge.
The parents (what to do when the Tupperware runs out?).
The influence of its sponsors, Syria and Iran, has only grown.
You’re in the stands, clad in your team’s colors, and you’re confident.
“Like, the line of my body was not that good, and my steps were not clean.
Those rabbis who do perform same-sex ceremonies improvise the language.
Translation and the Meaning of Everything .
“I’m happy with everything,” said Gore, who has endured six losing seasons with the 49ers.
The girl complained that she didn't like ''babyish'' soaps anymore.
The first was to decide not to turn pro.
Tuesdays through Sundays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
The church is a few blocks from the Missile’s home and runs a food pantry on Tuesday evenings.
While A.T.V.’s remain far more plentiful, their sales have dropped by two-thirds since they peaked in 2004; side-by-side sales are growing roughly 15 percent this year, industry analysts estimate.
In December, Fleming received a call from Kinross Gold — a Toronto-based major — informing him that Kinross intended to buy Underworld.
She has been given the task by AOL’s chief executive, Timothy M. Armstrong, of stitching together the company’s disparate content sites into a cohesive news factory for the digital age.
He said he initially favored ethanol subsidies “to get the industry on its feet.” But he said the high price of corn, which is delivering record profits for many farmers during the fall harvest, was a sign that subsidies should expire.
“Parents with gay kids initially might think they’re not going to have a quote-unquote normal life,” Dr. Bernstein said.
Wodehouse’s “Jeeves and Wooster” books, so I knew about the NEWTS that Gussie Fink-Nottle loves.
Last year’s cuts cost New York City about $440 million in education funds.
“We have to move away from the thinking that producing an energy crop doesn’t compete with food,” said Mr. Dubois of the Food and Agriculture Organization.
In 2005, there were 1.46 deaths for every 100 million miles traveled, and last year the rate dropped to 1.09.
Warby Parker’s glasses, with their thick, square frames inspired by “Mad Men,” are more stylish, and look as if they came from the streets of Brooklyn — as do the models on the site.
Mr. Wilson, who writes a popular blog, is widely seen as an important figure in the company’s development.
“And there’s no manual on it.” The Yankees cling to their icons.
Golf Digest reported Thursday night that Bell would be on the bag.
“It was a nightmare experience to visit Gaza and witness at first hand all of this destruction and to witness at first hand the effects this has on the men, women and children of that overcrowded enclave,” Mr. Goldstone said in a speech last month in Sacramento .
One reason this was considered so entertaining: the possibility that it would claw out a competitor’s eye.
To the Editor: Re “ A Reversal for Medicare on Planning for Life’s End ” (news article, Jan. 5), about the Obama administration’s plan to delete references to end-of-life planning from a Medicare regulation: A collective groan over this announcement could be heard from the many clinicians whose daily work is to help people sort out the amount of treatment they would want in the event of a terminal illness.
But there is another Republican who may be an even better buy: Rick Perry.
The district he will represent, New York’s Ninth, was widely expected to be eliminated next year; Mr. Turner’s election is forcing state lawmakers to rethink redistricting plans, and he says that, however they redraw the political map, he plans to fight to remain in Congress.
Central Park is laced with bridle paths and dotted with pastures, and its plants were once fertilized with manure.
; Distance: 1 1/2 miles All carry: 126 pounds Stakes and Track Record: Secretariat (1973), 2:24 Post Time: 6:32 p.m. Eastern TV: ABC, 5 p.m.
“A disabled anchor baby is more valuable than a healthy one.” The publication’s longtime editor, Dr. Lawrence R. Huntoon, said its articles were “peer-reviewed” or checked for accuracy by experts, a standard that is used by major medical publications.
A fork and a spoon that belonged to Arthur Rimbaud, the French symbolist poet who has been one of Smith’s touchstones forever.
However, on Oct. 10, the plane was intercepted by United States military aircraft and forced to land at a NATO base in Sicily, where Mr. Abbas and the hijackers were arrested.
In Daraya, as in other towns across the country, the government has proved its ability to infiltrate protesters’ cells.
This is the right tone, since she accuses Arendt of writing with distorting anger and inexcusable carelessness.
Even when the knowledge caught up with me — it was bound to, because Harry Potter ’s popularity rivaled God’s, and his merchandising was more aggressive — I put no stock in it.
¶ Have LinkedIn boosters silenced the doubters?
The Mets travel to St. Louis next week after their three-game set in Atlanta.
(His earlier features include “Secret Sunshine.”) The shabby rooms and ordinary streets in “Poetry” are shown without fanfare, more like statements of facts than pieces of an evolving narrative.
STEM was praised by the Missile and graced by his presence on a balloon-filled opening morning on Tuesday.
That leaves the Giants in first place by two games, with the start of their brutal schedule to come.
Do you want to respond?
The rest is “Middle Asia,” as Soviet geographers once called it: Islamic revival and the proximity to the Middle East and China have reshaped a part of the world that formerly was a Russian and then Soviet backyard.
Schools and hospitals, abandoned by the old Qaddafi-era administrators, were taken over by local volunteers.
“Tracks of all sizes contribute to the Guild.
Before July 1, Panthers General Manager Dale Tallon took the skilled but overpaid defenseman Brian Campbell and his $7.1 million-a-year contract off Chicago’s hands.
Almost always working independently, Mr. Sellier (pronounced sell-ee-AY) produced, and often wrote and directed, more than 30 movies and over 200 television shows — many with religious themes, some historical and others examining science.
The two had been introduced by a mutual friend at a party.
Over the last decade, European banks, including the National Bank of Greece and UniCredit of Italy, acquired local institutions as part of their debt-fueled expansion.
“Hopefully as they raise prices to offset some of this pressure, it won’t affect demand too much.” General Mills raised its prices earlier this year to offset soaring costs for ingredients like corn, wheat and dairy products.
We stretch from D.C. up into Connecticut , but we finally got a project now in Atlanta.
“Every shot I hit up to that point was mechanical, were all mechanical thoughts, and I put the club in a certain position, and I was doing that and I said: ‘You know what, I’m feeling good.
And it is expected to be a crucial element of the administration’s crusade against obesity , which is being led by the first lady, Michelle Obama .
While many Prague cafes and pubs offer burcak and other freshly bottled local wines on tap throughout the month, most of the city’s vinobrani festivals are set to run during the third weekend of September.
This prejudice has misguidedly dogged, among others, that greatest of songwriters, Stephen Sondheim, like a peevish, affection-starved beagle.
(Dargis)20110120 - 'EVERY DAY'(R, 1:33) Very well-written and well-acted, the movie, starring Liev Schreiber and Helen Hunt, feels like a glorified television drama softened with comic and surreal trimmings and appended with a mildly upbeat ending.
“They’ve paid a lot of money and put their bodies through tremendous stress, and they’ve gotten what they wanted — and now they’re going to reduce?
nations since Britain refused at the summit to agree on changes to the European Union ’s founding treaty to enable tighter coordination of financial policy.
Troy Tulowitzki went 3 for 3 with two doubles and drove in three runs for the Rockies.
and performer David Guetta, who was given the task of simulating a dance-club event in a 15-minute window, also pushed against time.
But he said that states must also brace themselves for managing a new set of cuts even if the limit is raised.
“I’m sitting here right now trying to contemplate, how am I going to do this without falling back into public assistance?” she said.
Catherine Cook Davis, a Presbyterian minister, officiated.
Her innovation has been to transplant the dramatis personae from Austen into her own suspenseful universe, preserving their likenesses and life force.
“I used to wonder, what was he thinking.
Beloved daughter of Francine and Irwin Levine and the late Daniel Miller.
All definitions apply in this stimulating show, as do variant readings of the rest of exhibition title.
Supermodels Got their heart rates up and raised $200,000 for the cancer research nonprofit Pelotonia.
Randstad Holding, the global temporary employment services company, said on Wednesday that it would buy the SFN Group for $709.8 million in cash to expand its human resource offerings in the United States.
(Isherwood) ‘Sister Act’ When the good sisters of the Church of Philly Soul are rocking to raise the gothic rafters, led by the radiant Patina Miller, all is right with this stage adaptation of the hit movie about a club singer hiding out as a nun.
But American doctors in the study spent far more dealing with multiple health plans: more than $80,000 per year per physician, or roughly four times as much as their northern counterparts.
NBC has ordered a pilot of a new version of the 1960s sitcom in a re-conceived format: an hourlong drama.
“We saw each other all the time,” Mr. Scaasi recalled.
“He told the two widows that their husbands weren’t coming home,” Mr. Carroll said.
“The Chinese have always had a unique relationship to luxury products, such as silk, jade and porcelain,” Mr. Choux said.
The Sleeve 360 is a little rotating bracket that affixes to a velcro strap that you wrap around your hand, allowing you to easily hold the iPad and flip it in any direction you want.
Mr. Pawlenty opened and closed his remarks with biblical quotes.
Sept. 30 AMERICAN TEACHER The challenging lives of four teachers from different parts of the country, examined in a documentary by Vanessa Roth.
In the last year, the largest private equity buyout was the $3.7 billion deal for Del Monte Foods , a far cry from the numerous $10 billion-plus deals of 2007.
My parents and their friends were part of the first wave of Indians to arrive in America after the 1965 Immigration Act loosened restrictions on South Asians.
Mr. Rogovin (pronounced ruh-GO-vin) came to wide notice in 1962 after documenting storefront church services on Buffalo’s poor and predominantly African-American East Side.
The chat was “basically that the game took longer than it should have, and he understood it,” Torre said during a phone interview.
The judge said he believed that Mr. Guandique was dangerous to society, particularly to women, and sentenced him to 60 years, double the minimum required.
But as she plans to move uptown with her boyfriend, she expects to cycle less because she admitted that she was “not so comfortable yet” riding in certain areas.
He is survived by his devoted wife Lee, and children Jill, Brad and Mark.
Students who read CliffsNotes instead of “Pride and Prejudice” thought it was O.K.
She just listened to this arrogant little kid saying he wanted to be an actor and didn’t laugh in my face.” Hoover was also a man who lost himself in his own ego and his need to be the center of attention — something that Mr. DiCaprio, as a student of Hollywood, has to see as a potential fate for himself if he’s not careful.
At one point Sri Lanka was on the Could Be Your Last Trip list of the traveler Robert Young Pelton.
Pop-ups frequently function as trial balloons for brick-and-mortar businesses, testing concepts with less financial risk.
“Russia has consistently advocated a peaceful, political and diplomatic solution to this problem, for the restoration of dialogue and cooperation between North and South Korea,” the Kremlin said in a statement.
“You’re buying that!” The light was a vision of white, bubble-glass hideousness that looked like a best-in-show toy poodle that had been trotted around the ring a thousand times too many.
It’s not that collected — it’s not as expensive as World War II stuff, for example.
His design decisions, Mr. Jobs explained, were shaped by his understanding of both technology and popular culture.
“This is one of the last places in New York with an original stockpile of records from the ’50s, from the ’60s, from the ’70s,” said Mr. Joe, who has been collecting records for more than 20 years.
The next step for the RSA hackers could be to filch them too, either by hacking a company's network or you.
“I’m not attached to my cellphone like a lot of people are,” she said.
People have to do something to the things they wish to find out about; they have to alter conditions.
And we shouldn’t let a desire to promote our pet solutions block other things that might help.
The problems facing the Red Sox, on the other hand, are mostly of their own making.
Greece is considering building a fence along a section of its border with Turkey that is the busiest transit point for illegal immigration in Europe, the minister of citizen protection said Monday.
That all these services are available on mobile devices that you can use in stores to determine the best price has certainly made shoppers a lot smarter.
Experts say the five-year goal, first outlined by the secretary of veterans affairs, Eric K. Shinseki, a former Army chief of staff, is ambitious at best and perhaps unrealistic.
Then Dempsey, born in England and raised on Staten Island, left town.
[Wall Street Journal] There is a mysterious harp case in the East Village.
“What was totally surprising was how generous people were about turning these brave stories over, these things very close to their hearts.” The film aims to tell the story of a planet, but it’s the vulnerability of these individual moments, contributed as part of a larger project, that lingers.
“Is it our goal to get there one day, where they are?” Klinsmann said of France.
We can sing if you want.” He clicked on the captions for us.
Mr. Gallup had once considered becoming an Episcopal priest, and after graduating from Princeton with a degree in religion in 1953, he went to Texas to work in a ministry on Galveston Island.
So were Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter .
They point to each other’s upbringing in southwestern Oregon.
Notes ¶ After losing twice and tying three games in their last five, the Red Bulls actually “won” by not playing last weekend.
The Los Angeles Times art critic Christopher Knight wrote that the group “brought Zurich Dada of the late-1910s to 1970s Los Angeles.” But it was a distinctly Chicano brand of Dada, by way of David Bowie and Frank Zappa, drag and Pachuco culture, telenovelas and oddball UHF television stations, and New Wave and silent movies.
RACHEL WALDMAN PHOTOS (PHOTOGRAPH BY HANNELI.COM)
Mr. Batt and his partner, Tom Cianfichi, would move the furniture into the hall and anchor their tree to the wall with wire, so it couldn’t be knocked over.
We share the unease of young protesters who made the revolution happen and worry their demand for democracy could be hijacked by the highly organized groups who campaigned hardest for the amendments: allies of the old regime and the Muslim Brotherhood.
Friends may call at the funeral home Friday 5pm until 8pm.
Conducted pioneering research in child cognitive development and language acquisition.
But several lawmakers indicated they would not attend the Democrats’ meeting if Mr. Kruger was present, and so he relented.
But when the filmmakers occasionally let an entire piece be heard, the results are stirring.
Meanwhile, speculation that France could soon lose the sterling triple-A rating on its sovereign debt intensified after Standard & Poor’s mistakenly told clients on Thursday that it was downgrading France’s debt.
There’s no room for error.” Pierre was frequently photographed for ski magazines like Powder and Freeze and appeared in some of Warren Miller’s acclaimed ski films, among them “ Cold Fusion ” (2001) and “ Children of Winter ” (2008).
And no players were among them.
I needed something to do for the year we’d be over there.
They stopped eating on July 1, and prisoners around the state have imitated their campaign.
Aesa & Electric Feathers, with fluttery frocks and one-of-a-kind jewelry, opened in the summer.
“Ai Weiwei’s works have been greatly admired,” he said in a statement.
Thursday was the first day in 2011 that Con Ed had sounded the “all hands on deck” call and set up the battle stations — tables arranged in pods representing each of the company’s divisions and staffed around the clock.
C. Penney did not authorize, and we were not involved with or aware of, the posting of the links that you sent to us, as it is against our natural search policies,” Ms. Brossart wrote in an e-mail.
Defenders ignored the threat of a Tebow run, then slipped while chasing him; Raiders coordinators adjusted too late to a strategy they should have anticipated during their weekly preparation.
Though most of his dancers are anonymous, the costumes and scenery he painted have been identified in the Paris Opera repertory down to minute details, and we know the names of several of those he depicted, ranging from the old ballet teacher Jules Perrot to the student who Degas in 1881 immortalized in sculpture as “The Little 14-Year-Old Dancer,” Marie van Goethem.
“The more the pressure increases from outside, the more the regime turns violent,” said Mr. Hussein, who has not aligned himself with the Syrian National Council, an opposition bloc based abroad.
“Like Qaddafi, they will only realize it when the end comes.”
title game that came at the end of the 2005 season, a 41-38 loss to Texas .
Mr. Astor and other developers “turned the Bowery into one of the most fashionable early-19th-century addresses in the country,” he said.
“Nobody thinks we can win,” the veteran receiver Brandon Stokley said.
Sweet and Sour Eggplant, Tomatoes and Chickpeas: Pomegranate molasses makes this Lebanese dish both sweet and sour.
Zach Morris, the director of Steampunk Haunted House on the Lower East Side, turns to the ancients for an answer.
Youzhny’s consistency should give him the edge, but Gulbis’ best is better than anything Youzhny can offer.
One of the competitors, Google Offers, reportedly retains only 35 percent of revenues.
Dr. Lewis S. Nelson, a toxicologist with the New York University School of Medicine, said the evidence warranted “something a little bit more dramatic,” like moving the statement to the “warnings” section of the label from the section on “indications and usage.” Others said few patients heeded the label, anyway.
We wind up knowing little more at the end than we did in those opening pages.
Officials sliced about 95 miles away in 2005 to support construction of another dam.
Those who compiled the forecast are no Pollyannas, according to Yory Wurmser, director for marketing and media insights at the association.
He may be cracking heads today, but we are confident that either he will eventually enact modest reforms or someone will step into his shoes and do so.
That did not sound quite right, so they replaced the B with a C to get Cervall, then got permission to take it as their surname.
I have fitted convex driver’s-side mirrors to three of my cars, buying replacement mirrors at dealerships in London (Britain’s dealers typically carry parts for left-hand-drive vehicles) and through a now-defunct English Web site.
The point, of course, is to turn always-in-a-rush residents into neighbors, build a sense of community that will attract other buyers, and persuade fickle renters to stay put when their leases are up.
The first train broke down at 14th Street.
While the books’ subjects are baseball opposites — one bizarre minor-league game versus a historically beloved major-league team — Mr. Barry, like Mr. Kahn, exploits the power of memory and nostalgia with literary grace and journalistic exactitude.
Connecticut Audubon Society Coastal Center at Milford Point, 1 Milford Point Road.
The 25 American banks with the most deposits in 2010 underwrote $3.6 billion in S.B.A.
But 30,000 jobs, roughly 10 percent of the company’s work force, could be eliminated over the next three years as a result of the restructuring initiative known as Project New BAC.
Participants in the municipal bond market said they thought the new bonds would not be secure enough to attract buyers at an affordable rate of interest.
“He was so much larger than life that he overshadowed his own accomplishments,” he said.
The jury was shown an e-mail from Mr. Smith to Mr. Rajaratnam from March 2005 with the subject line “The two eyes,” which was code for the two companies that each began with the letter “I.” The e-mail read: “I had a chance to update and we are still on track.” A subsequent e-mail updating Mr. Rajaratnam had the subject line “Eyes” and said, “Game on.” When the deal was announced in June 2005, Mr. Smith said he had a tinge of regret about his misdeeds.
This recently became necessary after a Less Less store opened a few doors away.
The city presented the case as a dispute over what Michael Cardozo, the city’s corporation counsel, called “technical record-keeping deficiencies and nothing more.” Federal officials, however, said that the requirements were important because they determined the payment of huge amounts of money.
It’s unfair to politicians, too.
He manages those egos, sometimes with fieriness known as The Ferguson Hairdryer, the rage directed at players who let the team down — especially lazy or big-headed players.
“The restaurant business and food culture have become professionalized.
This is a big plus considering 11 of the Jets’ 2011 opponents predominantly use a 3-4 scheme that centers on a nose tackle being able to occupy two blockers.
And National Meat Association v. Harris, No.
JEFFREY HOMBURGER and Dr. MARIE LUPICA.
When Irshad’s proposal for a three-acre mosque site near Naperville was before the county board last year, Ms. Gavras distributed I.R.S.
This Thursday there will be red and white wines from Italy, along with vodka, to go with crepes from the Crepes Truck.
The resumption of the Premier League, everyone said, was important to show the world that England was not a lawless state.
Adnan Mahmoud, the Syrian information minister, said Friday that troops had pulled back from both those towns, though residents said a military presence remained.
The computer also tracks how fast or slow play is going, and may intervene to make it lively.
Texans blockers will dive to the ground to cut block only to find Haynesworth already there, curled up and fast asleep.
“We asked them to break the rules,” said Jerilyn Perine, the executive director of the Citizens Housing and Planning Council, which organized the conclave (along with the Architectural League of New York ).
With that being said, my individual breakdown of expenses for 2.5 weeks is as follows.
But you long to see almost every one of the leading eight dancers here in that work.
The Chinese Embassy in Lusaka refused to comment on Tuesday on why the coal mine managers had not shown up in court.
“It’s an aloneness, an emphasis on the aloneness.
Russian border guards were inspecting an abandoned house when they were attacked, a spokesman told the Interfax news service.
“Good try!” one woman shouted as a couple of skiers tumbled, splashing into the waves.
This should be the clearest and most dramatic part of the exposition, yet we can’t really put the pieces together.
Her spirit was willing, but her syntax was weak.
I often hear naysayers argue that it’s the parents’ job to teach kids to eat right.
He has accused Iraq’s vice president, Tariq al-Hashimi, of terrorism; moved to fire Deputy Prime Minister Saleh al-Mutlaq; and sought to investigate one of us, Rafe al-Essawi, for specious links to insurgents — all immediately after Mr. Maliki returned to Iraq from Washington, wrongly giving Iraqis the impression that he’d been given carte blanche by the United States to do so.
“There’s no one right now who’s not considering it,” said Sarah McNally, the owner of McNally Jackson Books in the SoHo neighborhood of Manhattan .
The core problem is that cooking is defined as work, and fast food is both a pleasure and a crutch.
“He reported on horse-traders and a 93-year-old brickmaker, on the wonders of nature and the nature of other wonders, like the sharecropper in Mississippi who put nine children through college or the 103-year-old entertainer who performed at nursing homes.” Mr. Kuralt took most of his trips in an R.V.
Eugene, Ore., $75 million of electric utility system revenue and refinancing bonds, J. P. Morgan Securities.
Tomato pickers in Florida may earn $80 a day in high season.
Place slice of bread on top.
The Seahawks are actually far worse than their 6-9 record indicates.
Each system varies, though, in how to give the gift and what can be given.
Its backing comes as other banks and companies including Google have been financing distributed solar programs at SolarCity and competitors like SunRun and Sungevity that make rooftop solar systems affordable to homeowners.
Sharapova missed the 2009 tournament because of a shoulder injury and was ousted in the first round last year by her fellow Russian Maria Kirilenko.
This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.
“We have never said the N.F.L.
Include daytime and evening telephone numbers so that Ms. Post and Times editors may follow up.
Idealized accounts of the world often need to ignore the messiness of reality.
After the sale, Simon Shaw, head of Sotheby’s Impressionist and modern sale in New York, said much of the buying was international.
Then he said something new: Consumers are depressed beyond reason or expectation.
In it, former high-spending wives of laid-off auto executives could be shown cutting coupons and shopping for their clothes at Kohl’s.
Messages left with his communications director in Washington were not returned.
Kim Jong-il died of a heart attack brought about by overwork and stress, according to the North’s media.
“Pessimism is easing among American consumers due to a recovery in the job market and some stability in the stock market.” About four shares advanced for every three that declined on Monday on the MSCI global benchmark index, helping that gauge extend its 3.1 percent advance from last week.
(Strand Releasing, Blu-ray $34.99, DVD $27.99, not rated) INSIDIOUS Patrick Wilson and Rose Byrne move into a new home with their three young children but find that someone — or something!
She graduated from McGill University.
THISDAY LIVE Manchester United Said to Go for 2-Tier Stock | The English premier league soccer team plans to use a dual share structure in its planned $1 billion initial public offering — one of the reasons the club chose to list in Singapore rather than Hong Kong, The Financial Times reports.
in Bank Earnings | Bank earnings this week have included potentially ominous signs for private equity firms: Goldman Sachs wrote down the value of its private equity portfolio by $2.5 billion, and Bank of America took a $2.2 billion pretax loss tied to private equity, The Wall Street Journal’s Deal Journal writes.
Elisabeth Cabrera, 25, had used the Kitten Flower Clip top inside a Happy Meal as an incentive for her daughter, Jocelyn, 3, to behave during Ms. Cabrera’s doctor’s appointment.
John Henry Johnson , a brawny but agile runner and a powerful blocker who starred for the San Francisco 49ers, the Detroit Lions and the Pittsburgh Steelers in a Hall of Fame career spanning 13 professional football seasons, died Friday in Tracy, Calif.
In addition, a National Dialogue Committee was formed to work on revising the laws on elections and political parties, and another committee was formed to review the 1952 Constitution to create a better system of checks and balances.
Primaries are scheduled for March, and candidates have been filing under the court-drawn maps.
All countries in the European Union recalled their own ambassadors to Iran, and although diplomatic relations between Europe and Iran were broken for less than six months, the killings of the “enemies of Islam” abroad largely stopped.
If all you had to go on was the polls, you might think that Mr. Cain was the favorite to win the Republican nomination.
“I think any conviction where the defendant is facing 10 years in prison is considered a victory, no matter how the defense tries to spin it.” Mathew Rosengart, a partner at the Manatt, Phelps & Phillips law firm and a former federal prosecutor, said the government might use the prospect of a retrial to pressure Bonds to take a plea deal.
In addition to his daughter, Mr. Allbright is survived by his wife of 58 years, the former Angela Lombardi, and his son, Robert.
The United States is well practiced at military officer exchanges.
I think part of his power as an orator was that you could sense that he was bringing his whole self into this.
The NBC version is set in present-day New York, so the overt hostility and crude sexism Jane encounters from her all-male squad seem a little dated.
Carrot ginger soup, $10 a quart; brisket, $24 a pound; ginger peach duck, $30 each; mushroom and onion charlotte (serves six to eight), $10 each.
At 8 p.m. Also Dec. 17 at 8 p.m., (212) 866-0468, canticumnovum.org .
Despite this, The rising danger in cycling has been the subject of little debate and even less study.
ON a fog-dense spring afternoon in the Belgian countryside beer connoisseurs had flocked to Westvleteren, a far-flung town in the southwest corner of West Flanders, to sample what many of them consider to be the best beer in the world.
“It had to be something positive for me to want to sign here,” Stoudemire said.
And I think when people find out that the invasion of their liberties — their privates lives and their private griefs and their private thoughts and their innermost feelings — becoming public property as a result, not of a rogue reporter or a chance investigator or someone saying something out of turn when they meet a friend at the street corner, or when they talk to someone on a bus, but because criminals were hired to do this particular work… and these were known criminals, these were criminals, in some cases with records, in some cases with records of violence, and these links have now got to be explored.
The company plans to sell up to 10 percent of its stock to public shareholders.
Most notably, the law says the federal government will take over the operation of health insurance exchanges, where people can compare and buy health plans, if states do not make adequate progress toward establishing them by Jan. 1, 2013.
The St. Petersburg String Quartet, classical.
“So it has made it difficult for me to find a wife there.”
Town Hall Foundation Marvin Leffler, President
For instance, the data could presumably be subpoenaed by governments or divorce lawyers.
As people inside the Education Department grew increasingly frustrated and felt rudderless, the person who spoke to the mayor said, Mr. Bloomberg decided to put his loyalty to Ms. Black aside for the sake of salvaging his education agenda.
In a conference call, George Bodenheimer, the president of ESPN, said there would not be a specific “N.F.L.
Damien Hirst reportedly uses as many as 100.
After Germany invaded Czechoslovakia in 1938, the Tatra plant was allowed to continue production for a time.
review of menthol flavored products, which account for 90 percent of its sales.
American diplomats and museum officials have tried to reassure Russian museums that works on loan are immune from seizure, but so far their assurances have not been enough to satisfy the Russians.
imposed its last lockout, on July 1, 1998, it took 37 days — until Aug. 6 — before they held another bargaining session.
By April of 2011, that number had risen to 60 percent.
Those efforts may now become a casualty of the Dodd-Frank law.
Strategically located across Seoul and the rest of the country, these offices help people save some of the time and fuel they would otherwise spend commuting.
More readouts flowed across the monitor.
I called my dad afterward and told him that it was almost like the highlight of my career.” It is in the eyes of his 9-year-old son, Atley, who uses a Jeter-model glove to play shortstop in Little League.
Hackers stole 35 million Internet users’ national identification numbers, which they had been required to supply when registering on Web sites to verify their identities.
“I was completely taken with the clearness and earnestness of her approach, but also the power she brought.” In 2006, Otero asked Taylor to join Acción’s board.
The Friday hearing, besides Mr. Kenyatta, included Francis Muthaura, secretary to the cabinet; and Hussein Ali, who was the chief of police during the violence.
But he has been best known for his work with the Olympics, and his departure could significantly change what is expected to be a vigorous battle for the television rights for the next two Games.
The Treasury secretary, Timothy F. Geithner , conceded in a speech last month that the auto bailouts, which totaled about $63 billion, were likely to lose money.
In many ways, the marriage between the Indian middle class and the automobile culture has been disastrous.
They stopped, but the driver of the big rig in the lead did not, he said.
Recently the label International Phonograph found the original analog master tapes, and transferred them to digital; the new CD issue is clearer and richer than I've ever known it.
Engineers in the company privately acknowledge that Google has developed specialized semiconductors for some of its in-house operations.
“I’m not kidding,” he said.
The weekend includes a tasting menu by Mr. Cardoz, beer tastings, leaf-peeping tours, a fall-themed barbecue, hands-on mixology lessons and more.
We get, it seems, everything known about the circumstances of the plays’ and operas’ productions; the number and locus of performances, probable casting (much about boy actors) and reception on stage and page, the exact nature of collaborations when and with whom, how much and why various versions or editions differ.
At the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, iHealth Labs , a start-up in Mountain View, Calif., has unveiled the iHealth Blood Pressure Dock, an attachment for iOS devices that can measure and record heart rate and blood pressure.
Romero (1-3) got his third straight loss despite allowing only two runs and five hits in seven innings.
“This has just been amazing, the fact that we could win this the way we did,” she said.
Harmony, however, has not always surrounded Big Brown, who looked like a horse of a lifetime in the spring of 2008 as he pulled into the Belmont Stakes having posted eye-popping victories in the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes .
“Republicans are shoring up dozens of otherwise vulnerable freshmen and endangered members — and that’s a huge advantage heading into 2012,” Mr. Wasserman said.
This is not unusual in biopics, which frequently turn artists into substance abusers and sexual adventurers who just happened to cut a few records or paint a few pictures on their way to redemption.
Janakbhai Shukla, a Hindu priest, performed a traditional Indian ceremony.
BEHIND THE NEWS Boeing said the problem -- tied to metal fatigue in the aluminum skin and the joints that support it -- was appearing much sooner in the planes' service life than expected, after only 40,000 takeoff-and-landing cycles instead of 60,000 or more.
“We needed the points, and we got both,” Lundqvist said.
Her father owns Nutex Industries, a textile factory in New Bedford, Mass.
“Obviously without the Midtown rents, either.” Prices are substantially lower than in Midtown and other prime office neighborhoods.
Her first song was about the experience of going to the movies with a boy, but being overshadowed by the chaperones.
We are still a little bit scared,” she added, declining to give her name.
But democracy or breakdown in Syria would change the whole Middle East overnight.
“How do we include multiracials in our view of an egalitarian society and not do it in a way that disadvantages other groups?” said Ulli K. Ryder, visiting scholar at the Center for the Study of Race and Ethnicity in America at Brown University.
Judging by the school yearbooks, Mr. Perry, while “most athletic,” never made honor roll (although one former classmate does remember him on field trips reserved for the best students).
The bride’s father, a cardiologist, is in private practice in Concord, Staten Island.
They’re in the walls and ceilings,” said Regenia Wells, the county animal control director.
He used the ruse of an article he had written on property derivatives as a way to reconnect.
But the crew said that by hurricane standards, they fared quite well; though the satellite truck experienced “rain fade,” meaning that the signal was sometimes lost when the rain turned torrential, the dish was able to stay up most of the day.
The two mortgage giants acquired the securities in the years before the housing market collapsed as they expanded rapidly and looked for new investments that were seemingly safe.
June 19 at 7:30 p.m. $32 and $42.
“Nobody gave me this property, and nobody is going to take it away,” he said angrily.
The world needs “the people who do.
I should have been on the bench more than I was.” (NYT)
They want to know what they are going to get out of it.
At 8 p.m., Jacob’s Pillow Dance Festival, 358 George Carter Road, Becket, Mass., (413) 243-0745, jacobspillow.org ; $43.50 to $64.50.
In an interview on the blog DadWagon , Lena Fokina, the woman in the video, called it “yoga,” but it looks more like training for a trapeze artist.
The journalists were accompanied by two researchers from the government-financed Korea Transport Institute in Seoul.
It is now home to condominium towers and converted warehouses, interspersed with shops, art galleries and restaurants.
Coach John Tortorella has decided to put Dubinsky to the left of Richards and Gaborik on the first line to start the season.
conducts its business and awards contracts,” said its spokesman, Richard Weiss, in an e-mail.
But the shrinking among species in general is noticeable, Dr. Sheridan said — at least to scientists studying them.
Elaine Stritch pretty much owns “The Ladies Who Lunch,” that sophisticated blast of rage from “Company.” “In Buddy’s Eyes,” from “Follies,” more or less defines Barbara Cook’s wistful, empathetic warmth.
A duo billed as Jay and Elysa Rumba Flamenco was greeting the fans in the midway.
“After dialogue reached a dead end, naval commandos boarded the yacht and took control of it without facing resistance,” General Mordechai continued.
LIBYA At least two of Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi's sons are proposing a resolution to the Libyan conflict that would entail their father relinquishing power for a transition to constitutional democracy under the direction of his son Seif el-Islam el-Qaddafi, according to a diplomat and a Libyan official.
“I vote that they should lift it up.” Orli Hernandez, 45, had a similar view of New York’s ban.
(Jason Zinoman) ‘The Berenstain Bears Live!
Ms. Hadid also created a building design for Mr. Schachter’s Rove Gallery in the Shoreditch neighborhood of East London.
He threw out Howard Kendrick as he attempted to steal, giving Posada (at least temporarily) a 1.000 percentage throwing out potential base stealers.
But the offer was contingent on two things: that some of the additional cuts would come from areas that Mr. Obama had already indicated he was willing to do without, and that Mr. Boehner understood that Democrats would never agree to cutting federal funds for family planning programs.
New York’s mayor, Michael Bloomberg, plans to decide by Saturday morning whether to order a general evacuation of the low-lying areas.
The goal is to finally run a formal sales process in October, one that Mr. Thompson said might draw out other bidders.
House Democrats will get help from allies in the Senate, who can stop any repeal, and at the White House, where officials hope to transform the law from a political liability into an asset, a centerpiece of President Obama’s expected bid for re-election.
“He clearly is the guy that if Apple needed additional leadership at the top, could actually carry it.” Analysts said that like Mr. Jobs, Mr. Cook is obsessed with details and involved in minute elements of the business.
In one experiment, women who had been injected with Botox within the last two weeks were offered $200 to look at a set of photographs of human eyes and match them with human emotions.
In cards depicting festive couples caroling, “There are no evident conflicts, no simmering disagreements, no suggestion of arguments about politics, religion, or having to eat Christmas dinner yet again with obnoxious in-laws,” writes Kenneth L. Ames, the show’s main curator, in the book, distributed by Yale University Press.
The previous installment in this stoner comedy series opened to a higher total and did so without the help of premium-priced 3-D tickets.
The voters who will render the first judgment on the Republican field have been carefully following the race — 7 in 10 say they have watched recent televised debates — and appear unified around the pursuit of beating Mr. Obama.
After weeks passed without improvement, he consulted experts at the University of Pennsylvania Smell and Taste Center, one of 11 such clinics now scattered around the country.
After all, the one thing that “The Good Guys,” “Chase,” “My Generation” and “Lone Star” have in common is that they all offer a relatively modern vision of Texas, mostly free of the rural hicks and slimy oil barons of “Walker, Texas Ranger” or “Dallas.” Could it be that even as the state attracts forward-looking productions, the rest of the country still looks upon Texas in antiquated terms?
Future monthly unemployment rates will be central to whether those numbers improve as he seeks another term.
“Bonaveri models whisper.” When Romano Bonaveri, Andrea’s father, started the company 60 years ago in Cento, a small town about 20 miles north of Bologna that is famous for its carnival, the Bonaveri brand was much more an artisanal affair.
In a news conference at City Hall, Mr. Bloomberg said that the project could allow the United Nations to create jobs.
But investigators could find no evidence to support their suspicion that he was doing it for pay from gossip outlets.
A South Korean-run industrial park in the north, partly financed by the United States, is expected to open next year, providing at least 20,000 jobs.
Although he declined to comment specifically on the letter, Mr. Palihapitiya said he had been disappointed by the path some firms were taking in an increasingly competitive environment.
Almost 30 percent of the women who lived exceptionally long were smokers, slightly more than the 26 percent of women in the comparison population who smoked.
“People slaughtered the chickens, ate them and used the cages as dish racks.” Colonel Qaddafi said women were not equal to men, but he exhibited them as a symbol of the success of the Libyan revolution.
They luxuriate in swimming pools.
The killing also heightened tensions between the authority, which the West backs, and Hamas, its militant Islamist rival.
Museum directors, curators and donors generally come to art fairs to look, and occasionally to buy.
“The upcoming proposal will reduce this threat and make Sweden less vulnerable to risk-taking by the banks.” The plans go beyond new international standards, known as Basel III, that call on banks to have Tier 1 capital ratios of 4.5 percent by 2015.
Both Flickr and Photobucket offer free basic accounts, but may limit the amount of photos you can upload each month or pepper your photo pages with advertising.
Under this process, advocates are entitled to propose changes.
Kevin Poulin started in goal for the Islanders and allowed two goals on eight shots.
Material Lab is open from 10:30 a.m. to 5 p.m., or until 6:30 p.m. on Friday (through Aug. 29); Lewis B. and Dorothy Cullman Education and Research Building, 4 West 54th Street, Manhattan , (212) 708-9400, moma.org ; free with museum admission: $20; $16 for 65+; $12 for students; free for ages 16 and under.
It was no longer as much fun to be a Japanese exporter.
through the central bank may sound unorthodox, but no less so than the current policy of secondary market purchases.
The vintage wiring has been removed, for safety reasons, but the sconces do come with a whiff of celebrity.
EARLY START I wake up around 6 o’clock.
Matt Cain scattered five hits over six innings, Aubrey Huff and Freddy Sanchez drove in three runs each and the San Francisco Giants defeated the host Los Angeles Dodgers , 10-0, on Saturday for their first victory of the season.
How many deaths will it take before we begin to employ existing procedures to make our food supply safer?
For a long time, breastfeeding was thought to be protective against later obesity.
Instead, rising investor concern about the very viability of the euro zone has overshadowed Spain’s already insipid election campaign and stripped it of emotion.
Be careful: Moby’s one rule is no shoes on the rug.
and postseason record six of those by Nelson Cruz.
“Another Winter in a Summer Town” was immediately preceded by a truncated, lighthearted rendition of “When the World Was Young” that omitted the grown-up side of this summing-up reflection by a world-weary celebrity.
Perhaps the clocks would explain why the man who owned the place, Morton Swinsky, a bond trader and Broadway producer who collaborated on nine Tony Award-winning plays, including “Guys and Dolls,” “Chicago” and “Billy Elliot,” was always early, said his daughter, Karen Swinsky.
“People in our business probably think that we probably won’t survive forever and are asking, ‘How long will we last,’ ” said Conor McHugh, a carriage driver and the manager of Clinton Park Stables, one of four stables in the city that house the horses.
Though that can’t have made it any less furious about an entirely new set of chairs that McDonald’s commissioned from Mr. Avanzi.
1961 U.S. Rejects Control by Reds The United States bluntly denied today [June 29] any right by communist East Germany to impose restrictions on Western airplane flights through the air corridors to West Berlin.
“It’s almost unbelievable that these three guys came up with something so spectacular,” he said.
The so-called reserve requirement ratio for state-controlled banks -- which effectively dictates the amount that lenders have to set aside against loans, limiting how much they can lend -- has been raised seven times since early 2010, most recently on Jan. 14.
Within the different teams they can discuss it, but I don’t want that in my life unless it’s something that really is an issue that needs to be fixed.
When the 1986 World Cup was awarded to Mexico rather than to the United States, the league was doomed.
At Standard & Poor’s, Mr. Peterson is likely to put a premium on building relationships with regulators, according to people familiar with his thinking.
Like the other works by Studio Job in the show, which runs through March 4, the Robber Baron Cabinet is as intricately crafted as decorative arts pieces from the preindustrial age.
It is definitely time that the justices set an example by insisting that the judges’ code apply to them as well.
She also had him lay 99-cent faux stone tiles on the floor.
There are strange days on the streets of New York.
“In the wine world, people get all snobby about their knowledge,” said Mr. Daniels, who lives on the North Side.
The providers became powerful advocates for the people in their care, and savvy strategists, alert to opportunities to increase financing.
“You do get so tired of clichéd Valentine’s promotions,” said Ralph Watson, the co-executive creative director for AT&T business at BBDO.
His show “made it more acceptable to do an alternative to big catwalk,” Mr. Gordon said.
And sometimes those understandings are modified before or even during the march.
In lieu of flowers, donations to a charity of your choice.
The following is an edited version of an interview with Mr. Gillis.
No, no to the occupier!” the preacher, Sayid Muhanad al-Moussawi, exhorted his followers.
This makes Michele Bachmann, for the time being, the favorite to win Iowa, followed by Mitt Romney and Ron Paul, although the race is fairly wide open.
She is Ana Sortun, not Anna.
A thriving monthly magazine, Soda Fountain, encouraged individual jerks to submit recipes for concoctions like the Peppered Cow or the Iron Cross — chocolate syrup, grape juice, sweet cream, malted milk and a whole egg.
We’re convinced, and believe the other half of the family should be convinced, that Jim Thorpe is buried in peace.”
Tell me what to do!
Billy Orgel, a telecommunications executive who was elected president of the merged school board, asked officials of both districts to break down the barricade.
Mr. Silver, a Democrat from Lower Manhattan, was injured last week when he took a spill while riding a bicycle, a spokesman said on Monday.
In 1931, a new in-line 8 engine, designed by Fred Duesenberg, one of the brothers who started the famous brand bearing their name, was introduced.
It encourages companies to submit “maintenance studies.” In these trials, researchers take patients who are doing well on medication and switch some to dummy pills.
A member of the Stanford class of 1975, I began watching the 1970-71 team as a high school senior and Stanford wannabe and delighting in the (then) Indians’ defeat of No.
“We firmly believe the separation of Post Foods from Ralcorp by way of a tax-free spinoff will unlock significant value for our shareholders,” William P. Stiritz, Ralcorp’s chairman, said in a statement.
The forms may be inspired by Constantin Brancusi, whose influence Mr. Kelly has cited.
Aside from the smell of garlic simmering in olive oil, what and whom am I thankful for?
The Carters spent their summers in Bay Head, NJ.
The salt water view holds shifts in demand responsible for fluctuations and thinks government policies (at least monetary policy) is capable of affecting demand.
He was a second father to me for the last 40 years.
Two years earlier, in Buckley v. Valeo , the court had held that in the context of campaign finance, money equals speech.
VICTOR CHEN New York, Dec. 4, 2011
The pop-up shop opens today at the Lower East Side’s hippest hangout, the Reed Space , and will be inaugurated with a brick through the front window.
Ms. Donnelly notices 40 notable society names among the guests, including the owner of the New England Patriots football team and a well-known Chicago financier.
Separately, the I.A.E.A., citing data from the Japanese authorities, reported that two of three workers who were exposed to radioactive water last Thursday suffered “significant skin contamination over their legs.” “The Japanese authorities have stated that during medical examinations carried out at the National Institute of Radiological Sciences in the Chiba Prefecture, the level of local exposure to the workers’ legs was estimated to be between 2 and 6 sieverts,” the I.A.E.A.
So far, we had gone to dinner several times, sitting through entire meals where our only talk was about the chardonnay or the macadamia-nut-crust coconut-cream pie.
A few of the musicians were still in jail, he said, and others had to be “adopted,” he said, so they would have somewhere to sleep.
Once what you start pointing and explaining what your part is in it, you start losing a few people,” he said, laughing.
“We have solid liquidity reserves and stable balance sheet resources higher than the funding needs for our customer activities,” said Julia Boyce, a spokeswoman for the French bank BNP Paribas.
Inflation is expected to decline to 2.2 percent next year from 4.5 percent this year, the fund said.
“I am a very emotional person, and will cry,” he says.
The former is 7-2 on the morning line; the latter is 20-1.
Quoting from the 46th Psalm, Mr. Obama intoned: “Come behold the works of the Lord, who’s made desolations in the earth.
'It's just time to do something else.'
The lighting sometimes dims so that Mr. Granoff is visible only by incidental illumination through a window.
The semifinal pairings: Galaxy-Toronto winner vs. Seattle-Santos winner, and the Monterrey-Morelia winner vs. the Pumas-Metapán winner.
Subsequently I had a concussion every year after that, but it wasn't until '95-96 with Buffalo that I missed the whole season like Sidney did.
The team was present at an emotional candlelight vigil in a basketball arena with several thousand mourners, a ceremony that included moving eulogies of Uekman by his teammate Austin Tate and Coach Bobby Petrino.
What are the things you’re most proud of having written, from any time in your life?
The whole family, he said, is “very musical.” The “free, melismatic” style of gospel was good practice for bel canto singing, Mr. Brownlee said.
“It undermines our basic American values by attacking the right of Ohio workers to have a voice on the job.” Mr. McEntee, whose union represents 114,000 public employees in Ohio, criticized the bill for eliminating the ability of public employees to negotiate on health care, outsourcing and staffing levels for nurses, firefighting crews and police squad cars.
A police investigation into allegations of a prostitution ring’s being operated at a French luxury hotel has linked Mr. Strauss-Kahn to sex soirees with prostitutes paid for by businessmen in a network that may have extended to the United States, according to reports in French news media.
If there had been no rain and the series went five games, he could have pitched in Game 5.
This approach reflects the populist vision of its general director, whose tenure since 2006 has combined bringing in big stars like Placido Domingo and instituting simulcasts at the ballpark with occasional world premieres, like the coming opera about the Sept. 11 attacks, “Heart of a Soldier.” In contrast to the company’s solidly traditional previous production of “The Ring,” in 1999, which sought inspiration from the lushly Romantic landscape paintings of Caspar David Friedrich, the director Francesca Zambello’s relatively low-tech, character-driven new cycle — featuring set designs by Michael Yeargan and conducting by Donald Runnicles — has elements that are at once traditional and contemporary.
This week’s remark about Mr. Bernanke was different.
It may be that the Chinese economy is different and the government will be able to more actively steer its businesses to change.
Rioting was going on all day yesterday in Liverpool.
But in a few years, perhaps after the next German election, it may appear to be the least unattractive option.
The attackers were identified at the time as members of an Islamist group called Takfir wal-Hijra.
9 P.M. (BBC America) MASTER AND COMMANDER: THE FAR SIDE OF THE WORLD (2003) In Peter Weir's adaptation of two novels by Patrick O'Brian, Russell Crowe stars as Capt.
And he’s happy to ask former customers if he can do a walk-through for potential clients.
The Giants fans, clad in blue, will surely be heard, too.
The rest of the schedule will be reconstructed and released in the coming days.
A spokesman for the governor, Josh Vlasto, said there was no particular reason that the nomination was not highlighted.
It’s very old news, and it’s just not factual.” I genuinely hope that he is right.
Its origins are even more puzzling.
In ’09, Forte gained 905 yards on 252 carries for a 3.6 YPC.
Tom Brady , however, has an uncanny ability to instantaneously reset his feet and gather his throwing mechanics while in a crowd.
To the Editor: “ Odd Alliance: Business Lobby and Tea Party ” (front page, March 31) makes an assumptive link between Asia Pulp & Paper and a political movement.
My thighs and glutes strained and started to burn, but for three miles, my enthusiasm grew.
“But they’ll tell you, ‘I’d rather live by myself.
That would be dangerous.” But he returned to court and successfully had those limitations removed.
Marks played 12 games last season and had footing and technique problems.
Many supporters were disappointed, feeling that she had jumped the gun and jeopardized them all by taking a confrontational approach.
When you look at the committee picks, it is really hard-core partisan people who are not likely to compromise, and some would prefer the trigger rather than the fight over the campaign season to come up with a plan.” Privately, Republicans and Democrats are pondering which party would be more hurt by across-the-board cuts.
Mr. Welch also led the prosecution of Thomas Drake, a former National Security Agency official accused of leaking information about enormous cost overruns and mismanagement at that agency to The Baltimore Sun.
You should consult with a qualified attorney who can review the terms of the trust and advise you as to your options under the terms of the trust.
I was just in my store.” They threw him into a Humvee, drove to his house and searched it, then took him to a prison.
“We will reclaim this elite space and make it open to all.” The occupiers plan to hold another general assembly on Friday afternoon where they seek to draw more students from neighboring universities.
SharesPost declined to comment on the relationship between Mr. Moe, G.S.V.C.
Later, he produced infomercials for all kinds of pitches, be they dating services or eight-minute abdominal workouts.
But the most consistently impressive presence was the Met chorus, meticulously honed by Donald Palumbo, the chorus master.
“I’m really proud of him and happy for him,” Bicknell said.
“Needed infrastructure projects will be delayed.” The announcements capped a day of drama as lawmakers and members of the federal work force waited anxiously to see whether money for government agencies would run out at midnight.
With drought, a shattered wheat or corn crop is a loss to one farmer, and it has a specific price tag.
Parents should check to see if schools have inspection reports available for review (required by law).
This seems to be a common malady for big-time coaches.
Our world will not be the same.
Mr. Obama canceled two previous planned trips to Australia because of domestic demands; he recalled Wednesday at a state dinner that he had visited the country twice as a boy, when his mother was working in Indonesia on development programs.
The way I live, I don't need to live in a mansion and a castle.''
SAG HARBOR Bay Street Theater “Betty’s Summer Vacation,” comedy by Christopher Durang.
Mr. Colon was in stable condition at Jacobi Medical Center.
Under the bloc’s rules, national governments need to find matching funds to be able to spend the E.U.
I reflexively covered my uterus with my purse.
The European Union agreed Monday to freeze the assets of Tunisia ’s former president, Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali , and his wife, while holding out the prospect of better trade ties with a post-election government.
“I didn’t really want to get into situation where I was hanging around hoping that I would get one of them,” she said.
“The biothesiometer is a device in which the men set their penis into a trough, and it slowly starts to vibrate,” he explained.
Dr. Ruth did not invent sex.
Expressing disdain for what had happened to Czech society under Mr. Klaus — an ally of convenience in the days of the 1989 revolution — Mr. Havel told Parliament that a “post-Communist morass” had allowed “the most immoral people” to achieve financial success at the expense of others.
UNLIKELY FRIENDSHIPS, by Jennifer S. Holland.
District Attorney Sam Sutter of Bristol County said charges of reckless endangerment of a child would be filed against Brian Shanahan, former regional director of the Department of Conservation and Recreation, and Jeff Carter, a former district manager.
He is dead, but he is upright, sometimes supported by saints, angels or putti.
Through Feb. 5, 465 Huntington Avenue, (617) 267-9300, mfa.org .
One of the chief selling points for Mr. Perry has been that his policies and personal narrative would help fire up the base of the Republican Party, and especially the Tea Party movement.
As in Game 4, Jason Terry got the better of James at the other end of the floor when it mattered most.
But Kylesa aimed at something trippier and more nebulous than metal, a tribal and swirly and patient sound, especially on songs from its newest record, “Spiral Shadow” (Season of Mist).
“They are all part of an integrated system and we believe there was damage to all of that system.” She said that it was impossible today to estimate the total harm to the gulf but that the $1 billion pledged by BP would allow repair work to begin sooner and create cleanup jobs in the region.
China gave the impression that it knows the chances of a Chinese candidate are thin due to the reservations of other large Asian countries, as well as many in the West.
“We had more man-to-man, nowadays it is a lot less freedom because of zones and mixed defenses, ” said Alvarez, who was being honored at tonight’s game by the National Football Foundation &College Hall of Fame.
During a nearly 15-year marriage, the two have put up with each other’s athletic idiosyncrasies, from smelly socks to odd hours around training times.
A GAME OF THRONES, by George R. R. Martin.
The writer should also ask the lender’s permission to amend the loan documents and the stock and lease, which the lender holds as collateral.
According to a Treasury Department report sent to Congress this month, TARP will cost taxpayers $28 billion instead of the $700 billion originally set aside.
(They are tsunami warning “service providers” in the official parlance.)
And it didn’t matter how much the money had grown.
This kind of style had nothing to do with luxury or imprisoning taste, but it had a great deal to do with living.
Oct. 25 at 8 a.m. $5; members, free.
Mr. Santorum supports giving younger workers a choice to put payroll taxes into private accounts, while safeguarding the benefits of those who are now retirement age.
Sales of the Volt’s primary competition, the Nissan Leaf, were 672 in November, for a total of 8,720 this year.
James Bradfield, Mr. Anderson’s partner of 17 years, is not a plaintiff.
The Food and Drug Administration said a study of the drug in patients with a long-term form of the disease, known as atrial fibrillation , showed twice as many deaths as those who did not take the drug.
It is only an incremental move beyond issuing inflation-adjusted bonds, which the Treasury already does.
Whereas Algeria and Libya were but vague geographical expressions until the coming of European colonial map makers, Tunisia is an age-old cluster of civilization.
“I was told to protect my market, to try to stop the spraying,” Mr. Acope said.
By 2010 the debt had been reduced to 1 million euros ($1.4 million).
Peak supply is also becoming a vexing problem because so much of the generating capacity added around the country lately is wind power, which is almost useless on the hot, still days when air-conditioning drives up demand.
“If nothing comes out of this visit,” said Mr. Weisner of We Are Church, “I’m afraid it will only exacerbate the crisis.”
Indonesian officials said 34 people were dead and 217 missing.
There are no official figures on the number of Shiites in Malaysia, but Shiite leaders estimate that there could be as many as 40,000, many of whom practice their faith secretly.
Europe also had ancient forests that were felled over the centuries.
After a brief court hearing on Tuesday, Ms.
Bronx Academy of Arts and Dance, 841 Barreto Street.
appeals body decision in May, which found Airbus received state subsidies that hurt Boeing.
Huge orchestral eruptions, in which brass and percussion go at it assertively, are frequent.
In his most recent post , Dr. Masters reports: “Satellite data and measurements from the Hurricane Hunters show that Irene is weakening.” He explains that an Air Force flight over the storm this morning “found that Irene’s eyewall had collapsed,” this morning.
“And I said, ‘It’s not about my life right now.
And even Chinese fiscal policy shows signs of tightening — as the authorities try to prevent any overheating that could accelerate inflation.
As cups of coffee go, this was unlike any other: scalding hot for the first sip and ice cold for the rest.
Still, there’s no denying the results during the six years he led H.P.
A private burial will be held.
“If you stay back, you have more time.
So, instead of using traditional numbers like points per game to gauge an offense or a defense, his statistics are predicated on offensive and defensive efficiency, which are essentially points per possession.
All hands went up, including Mr. Huntsman’s.
“That’s always been Yogi,” she said.
She has since raised capital from investors like the World Bank ’s private-sector arm, the International Finance Corporation, and the health care unit of General Electric .
So if my health is there, I feel like I can play through anything.” Over the past few seasons, the nagging injuries have mounted for the 36-year-old Rodriguez.
''David tells me you're thinking of moving out and that it's because of me.''
A determined seducer had to fly to Paris.
Pictures of him drinking a beer in a luxury box appeared on television and in newspapers.
He does not let anyone else use it, not even his youngest son, Bill, who runs the business with him.
In a neighborhood in northeast Baghdad on Monday, three bombs went off outside a market and then gunmen stormed two jewelry shops, killing four people and wounding nine, a Ministry of Interior official said.
“I don’t need to have somebody with me.
Motif A light-on-its-feet Norwegian quintet formed more than a decade ago by the bassist and composer Ole Morten Vagan, Motif specializes in a shape-shifting, cheerily virtuosic strain of avant-garde jazz, weighing song form against pure texture.
“All I had to do was go in once and fix the Wifi, and the income more than covers my mortgage payments.”
Kathryn Shu-yeng Austin, a daughter of Wanyong L. Austin and Christopher E. Austin of Brooklyn, was married there Saturday to John David Kapusta, a son of Claire M. Kapusta and J. David Kapusta of Wappingers Falls, N.Y.
Wearing the avocado green paint that Ford offered in apparent homage to kitchen appliances, the car had to be a survivor, we assumed — a hunch confirmed by Eric and Leanne Rodriguez, the car’s second owners.
Four weeks later, the order has more or less endured.
In Nevada, some lawmakers said that by creating a crisis, the court actually served as a catalyst for compromise.
“My feeling was: What do I have to lose?
The Mets, meanwhile, were reluctant to offer more than a year, a reflection of the team’s financial limitations.
1 was only for regular people, while door No.
And when Egyptian government authorities did figure out Mr. Ghonim’s role with the Facebook page that helped promote the Jan. 25 protest in Tahrir Square, he was imprisoned for 12 days.
And boring businesses are back in vogue.
“They were cutting the officers off from their support.
As Woods stood in the 18th fairway before his approach shot, one young fan standing behind the green said to his friend, “I’m so nervous, I’m shaking.” When Woods backed off the shot, another fan whispered: “He never does that.
The change, however, has spurred about a million of its 25 million customers in the United States to drop their subscriptions, the company indicated last week, just the second time in the company’s history that it experienced any drop, and its stock has fallen almost 52 percent since the change was announced.
He never meant to turn them into micro-demons.
Justin McEnroe, grieving with his younger sister and mother, did not want to speak much about the details of the accident.
“After flailing my arms for 20 minutes, I decided to try Uber,” she said.
Sucharita Mulpuru, a Forrester Research retail analyst.
Conducted by Dimitri Mitropoulos, the production also starred Eleanor Steber and Nicolai Gedda.
In Istanbul, the soccer bosses themselves are being thrown into jail.
But the “sitter” fish stayed back, making it impossible for Professor Wilson to capture them.
Call them extreme cleaners (nice) or neat freaks (naughty), but these super-sanitary few are the keepers of the secrets to making a house as clean and welcoming as a Charlie Brown special.
In a recent interview, David J. Kappos, director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office , pointed to the Chinese targets for 2015 and called them “mind-blowing numbers.” According to a translation of the document provided by the patent office, China’s goal for annual patent filings by 2015 is two million.
Not everyone shows up, because people have a lot going on.
A 2.5-mile bikeway was once part of William Vanderbilt’s privately run Long Island Motor Parkway, the millionaire’s early auto-era conceit.
And then came Sunday, when the Baltimore Ravens exploited the Jets’ shortcomings in front of a national television audience that left Coach Rex Ryan in a — how can we put it gently?
“In the past, when we see the majority of patients are women, we think salad,” said Dr. Scheutz.
Under this arrangement, Congress would agree to the administration’s request to abrogate the Jackson-Vanik admendment, an earlier human rights law intended to address first the Soviet Union and then Russia, in exchange for Mr. Obama’s signature on the Magnitsky act.
At one point, she also referred to Mr. Cromitie’s “fantasy terror operation.” The judge refused defense requests that she ask the Federal Bureau of Prisons not to imprison the men in the same kind of extremely restrictive setting that is typically used for terrorists, as in the so-called Supermax prison in Florence, Colo. Judge McMahon said that the nature of the men’s crimes and the length of their sentences “virtually guarantee” that they would be imprisoned under the harshest possible conditions.
this year really took a big step, with Brendan Shanahan and the N.H.L.safety department.
Then again, it was Rivera who made the tag.
Mrs. Stewart, 26, is the director of corporate strategy at Highbridge Capital Management, an asset management firm in New York.
Your devotion to your family and friends was paramount.
PLAINSBORO Princeton Alliance Church “9/11 Memorial Photographic Exhibit,” through Oct. 9, with memorial reception Sept. 11 at 4 p.m. Princeton Alliance Church, 20 Schalks Crossing Road.
He also, if I read this right, believes that our problems are largely structural or external or something; maybe he thinks we’re suffering from a lot of structural unemployment, despite strong evidence to the contrary.
Reviving the middle class requires that we reverse the nation’s decades-long trend toward widening inequality.
The agencies working on the campaign, in addition to McCann Erickson, include three shops that, like McCann Erickson, belong to the Interpublic Group of Companies.
The result is astonishingly clear pictures of the aneurysm from multiple angles.
Mr. Mohammed has not been indicted for the murder, the report says.
Qiu Zhijie, 42, is a Chinese conceptual artist who lives and works in Beijing and Hangzhou.
“No one has abolished discipline and subordination,” Mr. Medvedev told Mr. Kudrin at a televised meeting of officials in Dimitrovgrad.
“Well that’s the way it works in this business sometimes; the Northeast Republicans are sticking together in this case,” he said.
One depends upon the other.
That compared with a 0.8 percent decline in March, when the index hit a new low.
Oct. 28 at 8 p.m. $30 to $48.
Given England and Argentina, which always performs well at the World Cup, are in the same pool as the Scots, it is hard to see them progressing to the quarterfinals.
Gary Carter, the Hall of Fame catcher for the Montreal Expos and the Mets , has been found to have four small tumors on his brain.
7:30 A.M. (Cinemax) THE KIDS ARE ALL RIGHT (2010) The teenage children (Mia Wasikowska and Josh Hutcherson) conceived by a lesbian couple (Annette Bening in an Oscar-nominated role, above left, and Julianne Moore, right) with the help of an anonymous sperm donor find their biological father (Mark Ruffalo).
But then they were told that the taping would be on Tuesday.
Nov. 16 at 8 p.m. $39 to $69.
One way to avoid dealing with an insurance company is to make sure a ring fits properly.
The Bohicket house was built on property bought by developers at the height of the real estate boom, said Debbie Fisher, owner of Handsome Properties, and the third agent to have the listing.
A friend in the Army once told me that the guys at his base refer to the Humvee as “God’s S.U.V.” because its immense off-road abilities often lead to a false sense of confidence.
Rocco’s parable of life off the grid is warm and sweet; my own daughter liked it a great deal despite being a little scared of the dark.
There was anticipation of a big-man matchup between the Texas freshman Tristan Thompson and the Arizona sophomore Williams, but early on the Longhorns let the 6-foot-6 forward Gary Johnson handle the clever Williams, who has a variety of moves around the basket.
His presnap recognition is average at best, and because he prefers to hold the ball a long time, defenses often try to force him into impetuous decisions.
The department bought the gloves in September, after a successful trial run.
CreateSpace, for example, doesn’t charge upfront fees, but you’ll pay if you want additional services like copy editing and design layout.
In the third period of a game Dec. 5 against Toronto, Rangers defenseman Michael Del Zotto became entangled with an opponent and crashed headfirst into the end boards.
She is a daughter of George and Aurora Vasilescu of Hot Springs, Ark.
Turkey faces a growing crisis over rights to gas in the sea off Cyprus, still divided between Greek and Turkish regions and still a foreign policy mess for Turkey.
More Than Wheels is a relatively small program and has only begun monitoring its impacts recently, but data collected by the Carsey Institute at the University of New Hampshire suggests that its impact goes well beyond getting a family in a car.
(Isherwood) ‘The Atmosphere of Memory’ (closes on Sunday) It’s hard to decide which is more ludicrous: David Bar Katz’s backstage drama about a theatrical family (Mom’s Ellen Burstyn, Dad’s John Glover) or the play within the play, a weird mashup of Greek tragedy, Strindberg and Gilbert and Sullivan (2:20).
Driving in India is another story.
The same year, her husband was arrested on a drug charge and was deported to the Dominican Republic.
“There are a lot of loopholes now,” said Gil Brandt, a former Dallas Cowboys executive who is now an N.F.L.
Part of that is because, as Jason Cole writes on Yahoo.com , Haley and General Manager Scott Pioli had an antagonistic relationship that poisoned their work.
A look at the replay shows Washington’s Beck bobbling the ball with no defenders near him, attempting to dribble it Australian rules-style, then crumpling as Nick Barnett and Danny Batten closed in.
That is more or less the same size as the market for buying and selling Italian bonds directly.
I didn’t think much about that until 2006, when I was in eighth grade and my teacher assigned my class a genealogy project.
The report describes in chilling detail a department that is severely dysfunctional on every level: one that regularly uses excessive force on civilians, frequently fails to investigate serious crimes and has a deeply inadequate, in many cases nonexistent, system of accountability.
Mr. McCarthy did not have a listed phone number in the Atlanta area, where Beazer is based.
The audio book has sold more than 150,000 copies, said Anthony Goff, the publisher and director of Hachette Audio.
While the “talking cure” treated bodily complaints via the mind, plastic surgery healed mental suffering via the body.
But as long as you’ve done your training and built a foundation of respect and trust, you can literally run through it all.”
Mr. Bewkes came under criticism last year when he argued that Netflix’s potential was overhyped.
It’s not going to be the end of your career if it’s bad news.
They are defined by labels that could be the major arcana in a tarot deck of awkwardness: the Band Geek, the New Girl, the Loner, the Gamer, the Nerd; the group also includes a popular girl and a young lesbian teacher, whose perspectives are an interesting addition, even if their inclusion feels somewhat maladroit.
TAXES: $5,161 CONTACT: Beverly McLean, Windermere Real Estate – Sun Valley; (208) 720-0696; windermere.com
Suhel Seth, the marketing executive who is a fixture on Indian talk shows, decried Mr. Gupta as a “crook” on the Times Now debate, shouting down a more measured assessment from T.V.
But over the weekend, after two major competitors — Wells Fargo and the nation’s largest bank, JPMorgan Chase — said they were backing away from their plans to levy similar charges, two high-ranking Bank of America officers recommended to Brian Moynihan , the bank’s chief executive, that the bank simply drop the fee.
The sautéed rack of lamb, cut into chops and served with artichoke hearts, was uninteresting.
Advertisers paid attention too: an arresting photograph of a rugged cowboy smoking a cigarette was an inspiration for the Marlboro Man.
The results are here, in painterly images that neither glorify nor vilify their subjects.
The idea of seeing pictures come up out of trays — if you remember, the most important person was the photographer.
Unlike most hybrids — or the $41,000 plug-in hybrid Volt that’s based on the Cruze — the Eco doesn’t make you spend thousands upfront to save energy dollars on the back end.
However reassuring that finding may be for space officials in Russia and at NASA , which has rented seats on the Soyuz rocket as the only means for Americans to reach space after the retirement of the space shuttle this summer, pinpointing the cause as a manufacturing flaw is likely to increase jitters about Russian safety.
Banner, the longest-serving of any of the evening news executive producers, is being succeeded by Michael Corn, a longtime producer of ABC’s morning program “Good Morning America,” called “GMA” for short.
According to Mr. Ijaz, the memo asked for United States help in heading off a possible military-led coup and promised concessions in return.
MS. BARTIROMO: Take the time you need, sir.
Bistro Z At Doubletree Hotel 455 South Broadway, Tarrytown (914) 524-6410 Bistroz.com O.K.
He landed a job practicing corporate law at Sullivan & Cromwell, one of the country’s most prominent firms, but found the work uninspiring.
In recent days he fired three ministers in a cabinet streamlining effort, temporarily taking over the oil ministry just in time for the OPEC conference where he can project himself on the world stage.
The latest in a season that enough snow fell to be measured was April 25, 1875, when three inches were recorded, according to the federal agency’s data for weather extremes in Central Park since 1869.
But that largely has not happened, The Financial Times reports.
First published in 1972 and mailed to thousands of oenophiles in California, Mr. Finigan’s guide was a success.
Nearby, a makeshift tribute to Mr. Olsen had been built around a flagpole, with the words “Pray 4 Scott” chalked onto the pavement.
When we finished, he flashed me his charming, boyish smile, scissored his hair off his brow and said, “Thank you so much, and have a wonderful day!” Eventually I cornered Lee at his locker.
Insurance, after all, allows you to leave money to your heirs tax free or to make sure you have money when you need it.
Leonard E. Yoswein, born September 8, 1920 in Manhattan.
CUTCHOGUE Bedell Cellars, 36225 Main Road; (631) 734-7537; bedellcellars.com .
He called the firm’s lawyer, H. Rodgin Cohen, to ask for proof that the firm was separating its money from that of its customers.
“It means too much to too many people,” he said.
The panel’s top Democrat, Senator Patty Murray of Washington, has drawn particular scrutiny because of her dual role as a committee member and chairwoman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, the Democrats’ fund-raising arm.
He announced his candidacy earlier Saturday, during a speech in South Carolina, but still bested Mr. Romney, who won the straw poll in Ames four years ago.
While the 80/20 program has proved successful in prime Manhattan neighborhoods, he said, it remains to be seen if neighborhoods in Queens and Brooklyn can command the kinds of rents that make such development feasible.
When I was barely a man, just after college, my father took a shotgun from a locked closet in our basement and killed himself, just as the sun began to rise.
Retirement ages vary, but are generally age 57 for civilians and as low as 55 for teachers with 27 years’ experience.
As a boy, her column, tucked into the back of The Brattleboro Reformer, was the only thing that lured me onto the porch six mornings a week to retrieve the local newspaper.
President Obama and Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner have said they will support it only if it is part of a corporate tax overhaul that results in no decline in federal revenues.
Mr. Pawlenty, despite considerable efforts, has simply not convinced very many Republicans that he should be their first choice.
He thought I quit a $300,000 job for a $47,500 one.
But he has, and he’s making his New York solo debut at Gagosian with more than a dozen fairly recent pictures, most in acrylic on canvas.
Reviews have been terrible, and some actors are trying to get out of their contracts early.
POUGHKEEPSIE Bananas Comedy Club Dave Andrews.
He has some financial interests in the health care field.
Studio Montclair, 33 Plymouth Street.
Though baseball has caught on quickly here, only 200 children in the country actually play in Little League.
Mixing diva delivery with expressionist dance moves, Mr. Quinton makes a feast out of every line, sometimes quite literally.
Brenda S. Fulton graduated in the West Point class of 1980, the first to include women.
The Simanjiro, by comparison, is governed by local villages, and our access had been granted through a partnership with the resident Masai, who helped guide our walks and received a portion of the trip’s proceeds.
The kiln supposedly wound up being used by friends of the district governor’s wife.
But a strong foundation for immigrant civic engagement has already been laid.
In the 2012 campaign, Mr. Obama will almost certainly try to tie his opponent to some of the less popular positions of the Republican Party.
And that’s what I was looking at.
When I was in Tijuana, I found this metal worker who was selling crafts.
DORSEN--Harriette K.,was born on August 26, 1942 in Newark, NJ, and died on June 5, 2011 in Salisbury, CT., peaceably and with her family at her side.
Eric Ting, Long Wharf’s associate artistic director, has directed this ambitious, layered play without slighting either Ms. Kapil’s astringency or her flights of fancy.
Appalled, I called him to apologize.
At the heart of the controversy is a biosafety expert who resigned last summer amid complaints that the coalition was not doing enough to prevent a biological disaster.
Every few years, voters, even Republican voters, reject this.” Why on earth, then, did they vote for the Republicans in such huge numbers in the midterm elections?
A surgeon — John Hunter — bought Mr. Byrne’s corpse, boiled it in acid to remove the flesh, and exhibited the skeleton in his museum in London.
Your hint: Once considered a “dull” capital, this city has become a cultural hub with museums, a thriving music scene and more bars, cafes and restaurants per capita than New York City.
So while the drone of the EX’s P205/55R16 all-season radials is subdued on most road surfaces, the LX’s P195/65R15 all-season radials roar like a Kraft Foods factory grinding out Maxwell House.
Worse, it would make unemployment compensation considerably stingier than it is now.
Here’s one measure that the BLS happens to have put in a convenient chart , so that I’m not choosing the dates, they are: This shows what everyone was supposed to know: we had an awesome performance in the generation following the war (despite very high tax rates on the rich and a very strong union movement); we had a long period of poor productivity performance that spanned the Ford, Carter, Reagan, and Bush I administrations; we then had a revival during the Clinton administration, but even so not up to postwar standards.
Her car is a 2007 Toyota Corolla.
56, respectively, on this year’s list, from Nos.
Mr. Bonello compounds this sense of timelessness with soundtrack choices that could be called anachronistic, starting with his own minimal electronic score.
And it helps beyond measure that Jason Schwartzman (Jonathan), Zach Galifianakis (Ray) and Ted Danson (George) all seem perfectly matched to their roles, effortlessly navigating Mr. Ames’s off-kilter world.
market and may encourage more investment internally.
Ford is investing in the state of Gujarat, whose chief minister, Narendra Modi, has drawn international attention for his business-friendly attitude.
“Invasion!,” a dark comedy about the war on terror, was translated into English from Swedish by Rachel Willson-Broyles.
Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday, 9 a.m. to 9 p.m.; Wednesday, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m.; Saturday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sunday, 1 to 5 p.m. South Huntington Public Library, 145 Pidgeon Hill Road.
He was added to the F.B.I.
There are more than a dozen ramens on the menu, and although they all are based on the same chicken broth except the clear and robust vegetarian soup, the flavors are pleasingly varied.
I was elated when I got a good comment (“sweetest/smartest lady ever”), crushed when I got a disparaging one (“avoid her like the plague”) and vaguely disappointed that no one had ever awarded me a chili pepper, the icon of professor “hotness.” But the CourseRank plan would take the concept of RateMyProfessors into an entirely different dimension.
She stayed indoors for a month, a restriction that she found especially difficult, and, for the most part, drank “whatever my mom made me.” “I honestly don’t know if I believe in it,” she said, “but if I can do it, well, better safe than sorry.” Ms. Yang, who sat the month with Ms. Gao, added that though the practice could seem strange to Westerners, confinement had a straightforward goal.
SPURS 90, PACERS 87 Manu Ginobili scored 25 points to help San Antonio beat host Indiana and end a two-game skid.
That could severely limit T-Mobile’s ability to lure customers from competitors over the coming quarters if the merger is abandoned.
Yet on two visits, this Hong Kong-style Cantonese place lived up to its ambitious name — for two very different reasons.
With a headset to listen and speak through, both hands are free to work, and a shoulder needn’t stiffen to cradle the phone.
Her mother is a clinical psychologist in the forensic unit at the Rochester Psychiatric Center in Rochester.
Part of the success with sales was because of the widespread availability of beer in Russia and the police’s tolerance of drinking in parks and on the subway, unlike more regulated markets outside Russia.
They either pretend they didn’t happen, imply they occurred through some sort of “immaculate conception” unconnected to Clinton’s policies or try to claim that the 1997 cut in the capital gains tax led to an outpouring of revenue that balanced the budget.
I loved this job, especially the interaction with the readers.
The bridegroom’s mother, a specialist in family medicine and also an Episcopal priest, performed the Eucharist.
A lot of labels actually release a cappella versions for people to do remixes now.
Jan 8, 1994 Memories of you Mother are always in our hearts.
New job growth in May was anemic, and unemployment inched up to 9.1 percent, the Labor Department reported Friday.
Next, she knitted what looked like a leg warmer for a stop sign down the street; from there she slowly infiltrated Houston with her stitchery.
I went into the Masters after three weeks off and shot three pretty good scores there.
Between that delay and others while setting up visitation arrangements, the Haggies say, they have lost precious bonding time and been deprived of important moments.
The Julius Lowy Frame & Restoring Company is opening its town house for the exhibition, to coincide with the Winter Antiques Show.
The joke inside Goldman Sachs was that if you couldn’t raise more than $1 billion to open up your hedge fund, don’t even bother.
Jeger and Lisker gained 12.14 international match points on the board en route to a section second.
N. Aaron Troodler Teaneck, N.J., Feb. 9, 2011
Even opposition figures in Damascus who have talked with officials lately said Monday that they would not attend the dialogue Mr. Assad outlined until security forces ended their crackdown.
Until now, when OnStar service stopped, so did the vehicle’s two-way communications system.
“It’s something we need to decide with regard to the team we want to have in the future.” Though he spoke hypothetically, Alderson seemed fairly certain that the Mets would not move home plate closer to the center-field fence to reduce the field of play.
Its generous welfare and asylum policies have allowed hundreds of thousands of refugees to settle here, many in recent years from Muslim countries.
There have been shorter celebrity couplings -- the actors Mario Lopez and Ali Landry split after about two weeks of marriage in 2004 -- but the Borgnine-Merman marriage reminds us that there were short-lived star pairings long before there was reality television, 24-hour celebrity entertainment coverage or Ryan Seacrest.
But it was wreckage for most marquee names: Harrison Ford and Daniel Craig disappointed in the DreamWorks and Universal release “Cowboys & Aliens;” Eddie Murphy and Ben Stiller landed with a thud in “Tower Heist,” a Universal film; Julia Roberts and Tom Hanks bombed in the independently financed “Larry Crowne.” “New Year’s Eve,” essentially a string of star cameos, has been essentially ignored.
Courses and various backgrounds were created first, then populated by the cars, whereas most studios develop the cars and then the world around them, which can result in the cars’ being seemingly disjointed from the action.
At the end, Beltran’s jersey was an artifact and a stark signal to his teammates that the remainder of the 2011 season, without Beltran in the lineup, will probably be a struggle.
It is how to create a common agenda to steer the world economy, supported by rich countries and the developing nations.
He was treasured beyond measure.
“The numbers are good; the situation is bad,” said Diego Della Valle, chief executive of Tod’s, expressing a general feeling by Italian fashion head honchos that high-end labels are — so far — weathering the euro’s financial crisis.
“Vision is of the utmost importance.
Many geologists say those estimates are based on incomplete testing and seismic data that is decades old.
Not at the North American box office, where the summer’s fourth major movie based on comic book characters, “Captain America: The First Avenger” (right, Chris Evans in the title role) was a strong No.
Natural waters can become contaminated with fecal and other germs by sewage overflow, storm water runoff, boating wastes and septic systems that malfunction.
“Any more than that and you’re generally not dealing with someone buying their first collector car.” Like more established collectors, younger buyers often seek the aspirational cars of their youth.
That might help to explain this striking video , posted online by a blogger named Mike Jelves , which showed rioters charging at police officers and driving them back with apparent ease in one part of London on Monday.
“We’re a true community here,” said Ms. Eckermann, who added that store owners planted flower baskets or repaired sidewalks even when it was not required.
• To the Editor: I am grateful for Peter Singer’s enthusiastic review of “The Better Angels of Our Nature,” but certain questions come to mind.
Paramount Center for the Arts, 1008 Brown Street.
The attacker, reportedly loaded down with weapons, left the salon and jumped into a car in a parking lot after finishing his attack.
On the Indian version of the site, a virtual-goods marketplace is prominent, selling virtual gifts like cricket balls and naan bread — to be sent to other users as a way to flirt.
These plans can be severely limited, especially when it comes to braces.
The screener said no, “but if you have certain kinds of ponytail or bun, you have to get your hair patted,” said Ms. Nance, who is 30.
Opponents of same-sex marriage rallied in force on Monday, gathering outside the Senate chambers to sing and chant, as their leaders delivered petitions with 63,000 signatures of New Yorkers opposing the legalization of same-sex weddings.
I hope the couple were polite in sharing their complaint.
In recent days, Jobs has been routinely called a business genius, and who can disagree?
4 (completed in 1908), seemed an unusual choice to follow the Salonen.
Written and narrated by David Attenborough, this new giant-screen 3-D film explores the world of pterosaurs: flying reptiles like the quetzalcoatlus, which was the size of a jumbo jetliner, and the tapejara, which had a sailboat-shaped head.
Mr. Cullerton’s challenger, Tom Caravette, has made a campaign issue of the ward’s reigning political dynasty.
Have you gotten any response from die-hard bulldog lovers, or from those who think that the current practice of breeding them is unhealthy or unfair?
I negotiated $14.50 a square foot.
“The Early Show” started on Friday with the latest jobs report and the economy, and noted the 10th anniversary of the war in Afghanistan by interviewing two veterans who left teaching jobs to join the military.
Inscribed in each piece is a reminder of its deadly provenance: the serial number of the rifle that went into its production.
They also had a two-play, 5-yard touchdown drive after Stephon Gilmore returned a fumble 56 yards.
Working in black and white, she frequently took self-portraits or depicted other young women, sometimes nude.
He makes highly specialized, utterly obscure ones for the friends he frequently invites over.
Not surprisingly, Mr. Donovan declined to share details about any secret gizmos on the bus, but said, “You can assume that most of these things have a security component.” In fact, the manufacturer, Hemphill Brothers of Whites Creek, Tenn., specializes in outfitting buses for touring performers, with a client list that includes Beyonce, Aerosmith and Brooks & Dunn.
“They want to win and they want to win bad.
For their part, the owners, Fred Wilpon and Saul Katz , have sought to draw a vital distinction: yes, they are successful businessmen, but they are not sophisticated Wall Street investors.
But it is hard to think of Japan, the 1940s and the Pacific without a flicker of sadness — and that is probably one sentiment the designer should have avoided.
She has one that she wears on St. Patrick’s Day : “This is what Irish looks like,” it says, a reference to her biological mother’s lineage.
Sean Altman, Barry Carl and Elliott Kerman, pop.
When Mr. Bogle first introduced index funds — in their original, mutual fund form — they were often derided as nothing better than an attempt to institutionalize mediocrity.
The death penalty does not seem likely, but that did not stop one Maryland fan from summoning the forced cessation of football at Southern Methodist in the 1980s.
Mr. Gagnon, 59, was charged with first-degree murder and is being held without bail.
Family members of the detainee said that Maulavi Abdullah was a high school teacher in Sorbari district and also served as a mullah at a village mosque.
The fees, sometimes called reverse compensation, are changing the relationship between the broadcast networks and the local stations that carry their programs in big cities and small towns across the country.
There are 16 chickens, 2 roosters, 3 dogs, 5 cats, 2 extremely shy miniature donkeys and 2 elderly cows living here in relative harmony, though the younger cow, a 17-year-old Scottish Highland mix named Bubble, has a bad habit of overturning lawn chairs and picking off side-view car mirrors with her horns.
For the Chicago-based retailer, whose eponymous store stocks the likes of Azzedine Ala?
“What do you think about the game on Saturday?” I asked Max this week, as we walked the four blocks to school together.
While zebra mussels have increased water clarity, they have also profoundly damaged ecosystems, including smothering threatened native mussels and probably contributing to the increase in avian botulism that has killed thousands of aquatic birds.
Peter Fader, a professor of marketing at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, said video stores should position themselves not as an adversary of Netflix, but rather as an alternative.
With ‘Trust’ my thinking isn’t that calculated.
Mr. Martchenko has acknowledged that Ms. Lagarde, who is backed by European leaders, is the favorite in the race.
“So, how bad was it near your house last night?” another wondered.
Human Rights Watch has described crimes against humanity in the town of Dara’a, where boys have been mutilated and men massacred.
“Hi, girl,” he said, shaking her hand.
He enjoys a City contract that pays him, whether he plays or not, £200,000, about $312,000, every week of the year.
He’s fought the war on terrorism in a smart and effective way.
Prices for new condominiums are $1,400 to $1,600 a square foot, Mr. Moss said, adding that an older co-op apartment might go for $800 to $900 a square foot.
My son, ever the wit at age 15, noted that while the new car seemed more a bit more powerful, ''you end up shaken, not stirred.''
It is of a young child wearing a red wool jersey despite the heat, tucked over his mother’s shoulder as she pushes her way forward to the consulting table.
Looking for a spot where his daughter could play, he climbed up to the roof, rolled out a square of AstroTurf and anchored it with a sandbox, a wading pool and some potted plants.
For the quarter, wireless revenue rose nearly 6 percent, to $16.1 billion, from a year earlier.
In fact, when wasn’t Ms. McClellan onstage?
Problems with the computer’s motherboard, power supply or hard drive could also be the cause but may require a computer technician to properly diagnose and repair.
“They’re a bigger team than us,” James said, “but height is not all there is to it.
They estimated that 15 percent to 37 percent of all species could become “committed to extinction” by 2050, thanks to climate change.
He worked for The Times of London as a researcher and translator, and his books on China were best sellers.
The 12-cut CD is the deepest immersion in the quartet’s moody retro film noir style since its 1999 album, “The Art of the Song,” which featured the guest vocalists Shirley Horn and Bill Henderson.
ROBERT B. PIPPIN Chicago The writer is a professor of social thought and philosophy at the University of Chicago.
How right he is: Ms. Newsom played Carnegie Hall in November 2010.
Nonetheless, several Chinese collectors appear ready to make the leap.
Remember when Facebook included the word “is” after people’s names in their status update templates?
Today the Wheels blog offers an interesting study and graphic from I.B.M.
If it was hoped that opposition would be muted amid the euphoria of India’s success and widespread satisfaction over the Cup itself — by general consent, it was the best of the 10 so far — that tactic has backfired.
“I really, really hope it’s going to work for them.
The solution was the “tandem”: the younger and more pro-Western Mr. Medvedev became president and Mr. Putin moved to the post of prime minister, though he remained the most influential man in Russian politics.
Those members, Mr. Leitner and others say, should have recused themselves.
Mr. Ackermann seems to enjoy a good relationship with Jean-Claude Trichet, the outgoing president of the European Central Bank , whose office is a few blocks from Deutsche Bank’s headquarters here.
As a country, we spend far more on health care than other countries — even though about 50 million Americans are uninsured — yet our health statistics are worse than most other industrialized countries and our citizens are less satisfied with our system than those from other countries are with theirs.
So I learned something new, and as long as that keeps happening, I’m O.K.
Portugal, which is negotiating its own rescue, had a deficit of 9.1 percent, higher than the 7.3 percent the commission had predicted last year.
Music lovers who still like the sound and feel of vinyl and CD’s should find Musicmania at the Olympia exhibition center (Olympia 2, Hammersmith Road), on Nov. 12 and 13, a terrific hunting ground.
“Make it big with your whole body,” Sam says his father would say.
After consulting with management, she called me back with the answer I feared: I couldn’t do the internship.
In Las Vegas, the sports announcer began to drift from what he knew best, announcing.
Given the bleak economic backdrop, China’s emergence as an election issue is no big surprise.
Mr. Farkas, 58, faces decades in prison for his role in the $2.9 billion plot, which prosecutors say was one of the largest and longest bank fraud schemes in American history and led to the 2009 collapse of Colonial Bank.
The embarrassing subsequent reversal has only made investors more wary of the India story.
“I begin to feel weightless, and I’m flying so fast my instruments can’t keep up — they show what happened two miles ago.
Urijah Faber, the California Kid, was a huge draw.
“Most” committee members said the rise in inflation would “prove transitory” and that over the medium term inflation would “be subdued as long as commodity prices did not continue to rise rapidly and longer-term inflation expectations remained stable.”
The third jobs crisis flows from the merger of globalization and the I.T.
Greenwich High School, 10 Hillside Road.
Coaches have been coming up to me, talking to me about it, but there’s nothing really big to it.
Wade called Haslem the player of the game.
“It’s the great golden age of Tin Pan Alley, when they wrote idiotic songs for adults,” he said.
He was referring to the emissions from the stacks atop the 40-year-old plant that NRG Energy , a power company based in Princeton, N.J., wants to replace.
It just never looks right.” Spoiler Alert: But that, surprisingly enough, wasn’t the evening’s worst look.
Those photographs are used in this exhibition, images of the building as a work in progress.
We're repeatedly told that they are distracted and listless, their brains hot-wired and short-circuited by an overload of neurally frazzling technologies.
“When you teach mastery of skills, you build self-esteem.” The young people who arrive at the bakery for interviews “pretty much represent every challenge a kid could face,” Ms. Thompson said.
York, an hour’s drive from Philadelphia and Baltimore, claims fans of the Eagles as well as the Ravens and the Steelers.
But goudou-goudou didn’t take away my dream.”
And we’re in the process of working on two other projects — which at this point I can’t really discuss — that will be launched in 2012-2013.
“She has been in a very high-profile, controversial public position and handled herself very well,” said Philip W. Johnston, a former chairman of the Massachusetts Democratic Party.
“When I left Libya in 2006, we were producing nearly two million barrels of oil per day,” he said.
On Wednesday dozens of travelers stood at a bus terminus in central Athens as an electronic display board showed the temperature at 40 degrees Celsius (104 Fahrenheit).
Most, like James and Bosh, are noticeably new and represent the N.B.A.’s power shift.
“Four pieces for one,” she exclaimed.
I left my screening with roughly 30 minutes to go, exhausted and with a terrible headache, and I hadn’t even seen it in 3-D.
He was also a prolific composer of operas, for his native Venice and elsewhere.
India and Pakistan were both at the meeting, for instance, although they are vying for influence in Afghanistan.
Onstage, snowstorms were accomplished with cascades of raw oatmeal, to the great satisfaction of the theater’s resident mice.
Previous efforts to rename existing streets were rejected.
Party, but they have not been very satisfactory in practice,” said a Greek government official who asked not to be identified because of his diplomatic position.
Dave Arnold , director of culinary technology at the French Culinary Institute, recommends that you make a chart with the standard equivalences, and tack it up next to the scale.
 Project WorldWide has “identified no fewer than 50 potential agency targets” for additional acquisitions, Mr. Vallee said, adding that he hoped to complete three or four deals in the next year to year and a half, “a couple of which we’re already engaged in discussing.” That acquisitiveness makes Project WorldWide reminiscent of MDC Partners, the agency holding company in Toronto whose units include Crispin Porter & Bogusky and Kirshenbaum Bond Senecal & Partners.
He said that he would consult polls before deciding, but that he was inclined toward entrusting the leadership of his party, the People of Liberty, to some current ministers, including Justice Minister Angelino Alfano, Foreign Minister Franco Frattini and Education Minister Mariastella Gelmini.
Fires can produce their own weather patterns, for instance, which can then end up altering the course of the fires.
He caught a touchdown in each of Stafford’s last three starts as a rookie in 2009.
“I was just sluggish at the start,” Gay said.
Goldschmidt is hitting .375 with a walk, two home runs and five R.B.I.
“People are entitled to their opinion.
Joe Paterno was fired Wednesday night, a move that signaled that the university would be divorcing itself from his staff when it hired a new coach.
The Fairfax County, Va., police said Haynesworth signed a summons warrant charging him with assault.
Researchers hypothesize that the Trenton patient did better because he had an inherited mutation in one of his two CCR5 genes, making the job easier for the gene therapy.
American planes dominated the early phase of airstrikes, then turned over major responsibility to France , Britain and a non-American NATO command.
As the World Wide Web Consortium and the Federal Trade Commission work to create a Do Not Track standard for consumers’ online privacy, some companies are trying out their own methods to give Web surfers more control over what personal data sites can collect.
“This is not a military junta that has conspired against the elected leadership,” Mr. Barnea wrote.
7 to 8 cups well seasoned chicken or vegetable stock, as needed 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil 1/2 cup minced onion Salt to taste 1 pound summer squash (mixed varieties), diced 1 1/2 cups arborio or carnaroli rice 1 to 2 garlic cloves (to taste), green shoots removed, minced Freshly ground pepper to taste 1/2 cup dry white wine, like pinot grigio or sauvignon blanc 2 teaspoons finely chopped lemon zest 1 to 2 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice (to taste) 2 tablespoons finely chopped flat-leaf parsley 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese 1.
And no, they do not play just “Bad Romance.” Gaultier, Jean-Paul His new fragrance is called Kokorico .
Sometimes, it is boring: Everything works and the hours seem to drag on.
The Grizzlies (40-32) are just a half game behind seventh-place New Orleans.
“It is an honor to again work with Mitt Romney,” said Mr. Weber in a statement issued by the Romney campaign.
The changes should limit the time two cars can run bumper to bumper around Daytona’s two-and-a-half-mile superspeedway.
Pegula’s arrival ended a long period of austerity under the previous owner, Tom Golisano.
I couldn’t help thinking that some of these lessons would be applicable for adults, too.
Programs that promote the overthrow of the United States government are explicitly banned, and that includes the suggestion that portions of the Southwest that were once part of Mexico should be returned to that country.
CHEVROLET SONIC Intended to erase bad memories of the Daewoo-based Chevrolet Aveo , the Sonic sedan and four-door hatchback, now built on a global G.M.
John Sebastian is especially fine.
Health care skyrockets out of control mainly because we have no convenient access to fresh produce and tasty, humanely raised meat products.
instead of a traditional diploma.
Because he wanted his projection of a better future to be realized, he tried to work it out in the present, through his own practice of ethical generosity, firm in the face of political censorship (he was closely watched by the French police because of his anarchist ties), anti-Semitism (he forgave this in Degas) and professional isolation as an artist who was neither born French nor had French citizenship (a status he shared with his friend Mary Cassatt).
2, 3, 4, 5 and A, C, N and Q lines.
According to the report, a final version of which is due by mid-2012, the authorities grossly underestimated the risks tsunamis posed to the plant.
The second step in our approach is to find additional savings in our defense budget.
Though greenhouses normally capture the heat of sunlight, a double-layered roof, the inner layer coated to reflect infrared light outward, allows visible sunlight in but traps solar heat between the two layers.
William Holden and Nancy Olson reinterpret those roles in ''Force of Arms'' (1951), at 10 on TCM.
But he was definitely his own clown.
The court scheduled five and a half hours of arguments instead of the usual one, a testament to the importance of the case, and the court’s ruling a few months later will present opportunities and challenges for the presidential contenders as well as for candidates in the battle for control of Congress.
His brass-knuckled approach alienated some Berkshire employees, as when he suggested that people with an illness or other personal problems were problematic and when he unceremoniously fired a top executive and made him leave the office that day.
STIFELMAN--J. Donald, July 3, 1929-September 6, 2011.
— after the agency opened an investigation.
In an effort to escape the spotlight the family takes to the desert to camp under the open Western sky.
But Mr. Ratner’s company has now invested two years in studying modular construction, a technology that has existed for decades but is untested at this height.
Mondays through Thursdays, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays, 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Hendrick Hudson Free Library, 185 Kings Ferry Road.
Assad mentioned the emergency law and the party law but insisted that he would not act under pressure — “haste comes at the expense of the quality of reforms.” It’s a refrain that Syrians have heard too often.
He was “outed” on 75,000 Twitter feeds last weekend as the soccer player who had allegedly used court injunctions to prevent the mass media from reporting allegations of an extramarital affair with a minor celebrity, Imogen Thomas.
I could have been deaf.
The city passed a law in May meant to curb such behavior.
I knew it was going to be a special lunch.
They would live informally at the Mill, a house they bought at Gif-sur-Yvette, 45 minutes outside Paris to the south of Versailles, and the only house after the war that they owned, and in formal splendor in Paris itself at a house in the Bois de Boulogne, 4 Rue du Champ d’Entraînement, loaned to them for a peppercorn rent by the City of Paris.
In the bond market, prices rose for the benchmark 10-year bond as the interest rate fell to 3.33 percent from 3.4 percent late Friday.
PISCO 100 ACHOLADO 84 proof, $35.99: floral and fruity, hints of black pepper.
“Every single line in the script” was run past counselors, Mr. Schwimmer said.
He must be among the angels, for he was an angelic man.
I just think we can act responsibly.” Mr. Cantor complained that in the past “there have been games played with disaster money.” Lawmakers, he said, often provided too little money at the start of a budget year, knowing that Congress would later provide whatever was needed, free of annual spending limits, in the event of a catastrophe.
But the accounts of miracle schools demand closer scrutiny.
A FEAST FOR CROWS, by George R. R. Martin.
Ms. Imasuen, who retired from Furee in 2010 after seven years as a lead organizer, was playing a nasty social services manager who clashes with an applicant for medical benefits, portrayed by Cynthia Butts.
More than 20 percent of the people on death row in Alabama are there because of such overrides, according to the report, from the Equal Justice Initiative , a nonprofit law firm that represents poor people and prisoners.
THE PATIENT’S SELF-DIAGNOSIS There was one more thing the young man wanted to bring up, but it was a little embarrassing.
“Stranded is a bit of an exaggeration, to be honest with you,” Mr. Shumlin told the correspondent.
People go there to hike, fish, canoe, ride horses and picnic.
The killings prompted the police to increase security near schools and highlighted the systemic lack of treatment for those with psychological problems.
The basic question is: How can your readers take anything that Ethan Bronner writes on the Middle East seriously, given his associations with a right-wing Israeli public relations firm and his son’s service in the Israel Defense Forces?
He graduated with double first-class honors from Cambridge and received a master’s in screenwriting from the University of the Arts in London.
Take Whoopi Goldberg in “Sister Act.” And those von Trapp kids couldn’t carry a tune in a basket until Julie Andrews came along.
“It was one of the hardest decisions I had to make to be in the study,” said Ms. Shapiro, who knew how disabling spina bifida was because her sister-in-law has it.
“People are getting very angry,” said Ronald Kebuba, 40, who drives a motorcycle taxi known as a boda-boda.
Featuring more of the cut and folded figures, animals and birds, and wonderful drawn passages, they appear at Eller in a satisfying face-off with the sliced-and-spliced photographs of Adam Marnie (through Feb. 5).
“Barney looks around the room and says, ‘Anybody got a problem with that?’ And they say, ‘No,’ and he says ‘Done!’ and everybody writes it down.
The peanut and cotton storage program, which costs $1 million a year, has repeatedly survived cuts thanks to bipartisan support.
Aflac does not plan to do any guerilla marketing in Glendale, Ariz., where the game is being played.
Simultaneously, security forces attacked the western edge of an antigovernment sit-in at Sana University, a long-running fixture here, around 2 a.m.
And though wives and girlfriends are regrettably ignored, these dads have plenty to say about breadwinning in an age of free downloads and ever more youthful audiences.
The restaurant’s wine list is small and Mittel-European, with some decent options in the mid-two-figure range.
“They hear it on the news but for most Germans what they experience in their lives is completely different.
“It wasn’t advertising like we think of advertising today,” said Mr. Mann.
The Yankees turned back the clock for their rotation derby, inviting fading stars like Garcia and Colon , with 4 All-Star berths and 286 victories between them, to gauge whether they can retire major league hitters consistently enough to merit a starting job.
Rarely does Evison stick with a set of characters — and therefore a theme — for more than a handful of pages.
“NO one has the intention to build a wall,” Walter Ulbricht, the leader of East Germany’s ruling Socialist Unity Party, declared on June 15, 1961.
The person also said the team does not need the permission of its partners in SNY, Time Warner Cable and Comcast, to sell a substantial part of its nearly two-thirds interest in the network.
“In the glare of attention, they couldn’t back down from their positions.
Having such a small amount of the company available should, at least temporarily, help keep interest high.
The new feature was announced by Mark Zuckerberg , Facebook’s founder, in September at the company’s f8 developer conference.
MacAndrews & Forbes, which owns 43 percent, is offering $24 a share in cash.
Passes range from $25 ($15 with a tweet about buying a ticket) for events at the two headquarters, to $249 for inclusive insider passes.
“So we’re campaigning every day like we’re three votes behind, holding town halls, and doing all the small things needed to win the primary.” After receiving the endorsement, Mr. Romney headed a few blocks down Main Street here to a diner, where he surprised supporters by serving them lunch.
The buyers are also looking to triple their money in an I.P.O., which is expected to occur in the coming months.
Six members of a pro-American Sunni Awakening militia died in an explosion while waiting in line for their salaries near Baquba, northeast of Baghdad, on Thursday.
But maybe celebration isn’t the right word.
From 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m., 1395 Lexington Avenue, (212) 415-5500, 92y.org ; $10; $15 for children; free for under 1.
“They recover nutritionally and suspend the behaviors of starving, bingeing and purging,” said Ms. Liu, who suffered a relapse 11 years ago.
They are the collateral damage of the banks’ binge and bailout.
Hunter will be behind the bench Tuesday night in Washington when the Capitals host St. Louis.
Another was with the invitation designer.
Here they are surrounded by believers; here the Luddites and cynics and late adopters are scarce; here they can lay bare inner thoughts and be frank about their plans.
If Butler’s play here is remembered years from now, it will be for all the wrong reasons.
As of Dec. 23, roughly half of the school’s 2,900 students had been absent for a month or more, the chart showed.
That “True Grit” still works is first a testament to the beauty of the remake , as directed by the Coen brothers, and to the enduring power of both films’ source, a 1968 novel by Charles Portis that refracted a Western yarn through a scintillating and original comic voice.
And, of course, an elaborate bath before the interview is de rigueur.
A dagger (†) indicates that some retailers report receiving bulk orders.
In 1955, a telegram summoned Paul Child back to Washington from his government job in Germany.
But to the Starz cable channel Leonardo is enough of a champion to feature in a new series that was announced on Tuesday and which is being created for the channel by a writer with some serious superhero credentials.
I don’t care who you are playing corner, you can be Willie Brown or Darrelle Revis out there, that’s going to be tough.
He had tried to drink less milk since getting the test result to see if that brought his calcium levels down.
Medical expenses, for example, are deductible only to the extent they exceed 7.5 percent of adjusted gross income.
“I see that you’re breaking/ Your heart is breaking,” Ms. Taylor shouted, as if to someone about to fall off the side of a building, “Here’s my hand if you’ll take it.” He Is We closed with “Happily Ever After,” its first somewhat-hit — the song was used in the finale of the most recent season of MTV’s “Real World” — which begins innocently enough: Let me riddle you a ditty, it’s just an itty-bitty Little thing on my mind About a boy and a girl trying to take on the world One kiss at a time.
Thomas E. Davis developed Carroll Place, the third special address, in 1831, on the block from Thompson to LaGuardia Place.
How did you manage to get over the inner ear problem that contributed to you taking that break?
Mainly, the performance did what an orchestral reading of a film score should do: it let the audience see the details of a film’s musical component — usually invisible and too often taken for granted — being created on the spot.
Because the virus is spread by ingestion, and wafers are eaten, the Nassau County Health Department on Monday urged all 1,300 people who attended those Masses at Our Lady of Lourdes Church here to get vaccinated immediately.
PAGE B1 Arts RESTARTING THE CLOCK: ISSUE NO.
Referring to a report by the committee’s staff members asserting that Dr. Jaczko once gaveled a colleague to silence in midsentence and walked out of a meeting during a discussion of the Fukushima crisis in Japan that was not going his way, Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina, shook a finger at Dr. Jaczko.
I’m not saying it’s a good or a bad thing to want to win for its own sake.
has at least three losses already, which means we don’t know much about who the dominant teams will be.
Kenny is Kenny Wong, a 48-year-old former Marine and onetime backup dancer for a pop singer named Amber.
The book offered his “third universal theory” to improve on capitalism and socialism, and elevated the mundane to the allegedly profound, condemning sports like boxing as barbarism and pointing out that men and women are different because women menstruate.
And on Monday, members of the Tucson Girls Chorus gathered in a circle and sang.
action comes nearly a year after occupational health officials in Oregon tested Brazilian Blowout, after receiving complaints from Portland-area salon workers that they suffered from breathing problems, eye irritation and nosebleeds while using the product.
Surely Lunesta or Ambien sparkles in many veins.
His mother retired as a dentist in North Woodmere.
It wasn’t properly thought out.” Friends say the administration kept Ms. Black too cloistered, but her public appearances caused deep anxieties.
A caravan of pick-up trucks from the Pheu Thai Party drove triumphantly through town on Monday, with loudspeakers blaring a grateful message to voters: “We will bring happiness back to you, brothers and sisters!
(Japan’s reactors were generally credited with supplying about 30 percent of the electricity mix, but the figure was debatable, given the frequency of power failures even before Fukushima.)
“If we can help these people sleep peacefully for a few hours and not fret over other issues, we should.” Rupp is a former first-round pick with good skills for a big man.
“We may look like we’re hanging out, but we’re definitely working,” she assured me, noting that she had nudged a reluctant Lenny Kaye not to put off working out a new guitar part until the next day.
Somewhere on his route from home to school to play dates and back again, he’s picking up secondhand notions about the food supply.
For his part, D is bemused by peekaboo.
And for those of you who have ever had this kind of miscount happen, perhaps you remember the sense of surprise that accompanied the discovering of more there than you had thought.
The jobless rate soared to 20 percent in 2004, double the national average, and the population fell 250,000 to 1.6 million, as many young, well-educated people moved to the more prosperous west in search of jobs.
(Hint: Cue that ’80s song “Never Gonna Give You Up.”) The news roundup includes YouTube’s taking up 22 percent of all mobile bandwidth; Wal-Mart’s giving its Vudu video service an extra push, a new Mozilla mobile platform project, the resignation of a top federal government cyberofficial, release of the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet with 4G service and an Apple security update.
“Her understanding was we were writing about” district schools “and she is no longer chancellor.” On March 29, the day after the story came out, Ms. Rhee appeared on the PBS program “Tavis Smiley” and attacked USA Today.
Nova was displeased with his fastball command and inefficiency, and in the sixth inning he put the first two runners on base before intentionally walking Matt Joyce with one out.
“We expect employment to expand very slowly during the rest of this year and next year, leaving the unemployment rate close to 9 percent through the end of 2012,” Mr. Elmendorf said.
The original law was grossly unjust.
The lawsuit says that the company, DaVita, used larger than necessary vials of medicine knowing that Medicare would pay for the unused portion of each vial if it were deemed unavoidable waste.
Commodities like oil fell, and even gold dropped sharply in price.
There is now military rule, led by a council of 20 generals, whose critics lambaste it for delaying presidential elections, monopolizing power, and condoning and even perpetuating the torture and abuse of the old government.
(Scott) ‘Gun Hill Road’ (R, 1:28) Old-fashioned values prove inadequate to handle present-day problems in this family drama set in the Bronx.
Early in his tenure, he signed Charles Woodson, a cornerback with a questionable reputation who became a cornerstone and was last season’s defensive player of the year.
Mr. Oscar Hammerstein is going over ostensibly to see his son, Mr. William Hammerstein, who has been ill, to settle matters in connection with a lawsuit of which he is a party, and to open a box-office in New York for the London Opera House.
“I look at the industry like the person trying to steer the horse and the horse just doesn’t want to go,” said Thomas Mao, a management consultant based in Los Angeles and founder of ThePuristS.com , a Web site for watch enthusiasts.
But state law also says that “causing or aiding” someone to commit suicide is second-degree manslaughter, said Mr. Minor’s lawyer, Daniel Gotlin.
“I want to know, what is it this person does beside chew gum and produce good grades or scores?” He warned against the superficiality of charismatic dispositions.
“We are far from the time for a last-ditch effort,’’ Mr. Boehner said, signaling that Congress still had many days and perhaps weeks of work to do on the debt.
(That was Lady Gaga actually.)
Mr. Geele’s lawyer said he would appeal the decision.
On assuming office, Yanukovich stated that his first foreign policy priority would be to repair a badly frayed relationship with Moscow.
The department for history and philosophy, for one, is at 170 percent of capacity.
If the winner does not get an absolute majority, the candidate with the least votes is eliminated and another round of elections held until absolute majority is obtained or all the candidates are eliminated.
Officials were congregating at a downtown hotel here on Saturday night, preparing for speeches the next day.
The center-right is promising a painless solution.
On Monday, the State Department ordered 35 diplomats and their dependents to leave Libya.
Mr. Lambrinidis said Sunday that Greece had already made progress.
In May, Georgia adopted a tough enforcement law, which civil rights groups filed a lawsuit on Thursday seeking to stop.
“It gets a little lonely over here in Siberia from time to time,” Mr. Huntsman joked from one end of the stage at a recent debate in South Carolina .
“We can’t always get what we want,” Mr. Buress retorted, adding sharply, “Everyone here wants you to shut up.” The room got raucous and a bit tense, but Mr. Buress’s deadpan never wavered.
(718) 966-4000; 47 BADEN PLACE: A three-bedroom one-bath ranch with hardwood floors, listed at $367,500.
You used to drop the topic and move on.
But I’m just not that kind of person.
In coming years, it seems likely that the llanos will become both an agro-industrial breadbasket and a major energy corridor for Colombia.
Old First Church, 125 East Main Street.
What they missed was a resurgent Muller, 28, carefully making the best of breaking Gulbis’s serve only three times in the first four sets.
But as the protests fade away the military council’s attempts to reassert its own power have also fallen flat.
That support, however, is likely to take new forms: Administration officials agreed that the $250 million in economic aid was a pittance compared with the $1.3 billion in annual military aid, and the White House and the State Department were already discussing setting aside new funds to bolster the rise of secular political parties.
The contours of the debate include whether the problem comes down to spending or deficits, will require shared sacrifice, and, more broadly, the appropriate size and shape of government.
Her entire family flew in for the event, where Ms. Cachay showed a Syla collection that was a knockout, with turquoise bathing suits and cover-ups.
Happening upon Mr. Huntsman in the State Room, Mr. Axelrod confronted him.
Meanwhile, there was a growing consensus in Europe and Asia that only a true global superstate could prevent the debt contagion from spreading ... FOR Americans, the scenario I’ve just imagined is a paranoid fantasy, the kind of New World Order nightmare that haunts the sleep of black-helicopter watchers and Trilateral Commission obsessives.
But Dr. Charles Runels, a cosmetic doctor in Fairhope, Ala. , liked the term so much he trademarked it.
Twenty years later, he was one of a half-handful of baseball people to testify on behalf of Curt Flood in his suit against the reserve clause.
The evidence is not ironclad because lots of factors can affect smoking rates.
Nevertheless, Mr. Achatz still seems cowed by Mr. Trotter, or at least fearful that he’ll never fully be in the older chef’s good graces.
“I said, ‘You’re going to do our house, you’re going to do Charlie’s house, you’re going to do Al’s house, you’re going to do Donald’s house, and you’re going to do what’s-his-name’s house who’s in the hospital, and the other house.” Just about every block in this city has two or three just like Mr. Maloney — elderly men and women who have known only one neighborhood most of their lives.
The audience has free rein to explore five floors of the landmark West-Park Presbyterian Church , on West 86th Street in Manhattan, which the directors, Teddy Bergman and Stephen Brackett, have converted into what’s meant to be a down-at-the-heel Paris apartment building.
His opener, “Bateau,” came on like a cold current of air, with tremulous fingerpicking in a slow-swirling, immaterial tempo.
Apart from Uruguay — which from the very beginning of global soccer has managed to be a top nation in the game — those countries are shocked by what is happening to them.
Now we were moving through the tail end of a riot that started among the 100,000 fans watching the game on giant screens outside the rink and spread throughout downtown, causing some 170 injuries and an estimated $5 million in damage.
He exploited its ease, immateriality and darkroom processes; spiked it with his works in other mediums (as well as himself); and used it to make his every activity an occasion for making art.
“You have a lot of African-Americans with a lot of influence, and they’re in my immediate networks.” Over all, the black population grew by 11 percent in large metropolitan counties, but by 15 percent in adjacent smaller counties in the metropolitan area, suggesting a strong movement of blacks to the suburbs.
But in sometimes heated testimony at Tuesday’s hearing, lawmakers questioned whether the legal fees charged to taxpayers by Fannie and its former executives were reasonable.
In recent months, she has used public library computers to research Asperger’s and to browse listings for jobs and rented rooms.
With that, Girardi was asked if he would consider similarly using Posada, who made his major league debut with the Yankees in 1995, the same year as Rivera.
You’re not dishonest either way.
He says that Mr. Walker is a nice guy on a personal level, “a good listener,” but that his politics are another matter.
expansionism, and now they have to find a way to welcome it and leverage it and generate benefits from it,” said Michael Szonyi, a professor of Chinese history at Harvard who wrote about Kinmen in “Cold War Island.” “The people on Kinmen have to very quickly adjust to the conversion of their former enemy into their economic lifeline.” The island’s residents have always tried to exploit their unique position, he said.
Apple, by contrast, controls its entire product — device and software.
“It’s very interesting to offer this complete set,” Mr. Ai said.
Mr. Dach also shied away from talking in detail about the company’s tactics.
The pieces of plastic have been cut from things like carrot bags, but their presentation invites — and sustains — intense appreciation; they might be precious bits of ancient papyrus or textile.
1 on Monday, has lost only one match this year; and Federer and Murray have advanced at least as far as the quarterfinals in the first three majors of 2011.
I rented an office on Greenwich Street in TriBeCa and started One Management in 2002.
“You never want to take that for granted.” Classes convene on Monday, Wednesday and Friday evenings.
They scour the books of 98 percent of American companies with revenues over $1 billion, according to the Government Accountability Office.
Proposing to cut the top rate for corporations poses the risk of aggravating unease among Democrats as they negotiate with Republicans over spending cuts in the monuments of modern liberalism: Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security .
At their Oct. 15 wedding, the two men wore matching black suits and Hawaiian leis as they exchanged vows under a bamboo wedding canopy that stood beneath one of the Queensboro Bridge ’s great stone arches that are a unique feature of Guastavino’s décor.
Expect a ruling in the next few months.
The best men’s players went west.
“This is in their bull’s-eye, and they’ve done a great job.
Meanwhile, the bids by Validus and Allied remain lower than Transatlantic’s current stock price.
Sport is in the air.
This victory was a significant one for the 49ers — probably more important to them than it would have been to the Lions, who have already been accepted as legitimate contenders.
3 with 133,000, even though its sales fell 11 percent from the week before.
Brahms’s youthful, tumultuous concerto, symphonic in scope, opens with a dramatic roll of thunder from the timpani .
The festival will take place in the blocks around Sheffield Avenue North, from noon to 10:15 p.m.; the gardens are open from noon to 5:30 p.m.; children’s activities from noon to 5 p.m.
DEMAREST Mikhail Zakin Gallery “Aipotu: Visions,” group exhibition of contemporary artists.
In the work-stress study , published last month in the journal Occupational Medicine, 1,241 workers had their stress levels assessed based on factors like the demands of the job, job control and social support.
He plans to detail how to pay for it when he submits the bill, the American Jobs Act, to Congress next week.
Trading B. J. Upton, Johnny Damon, Juan Cruz and perhaps even James Shields could allow the Rays to take a look at their top prospects Desmond Jennings and Matt Moore and stock up for stronger runs in 2012 and 2013.
“We seem to have hit the jackpot,” said Charlie Foley, a meteorologist for the National Weather Service .
“The lamp which Mr. Edison regards as a crowning triumph is a model of simplicity and economy,” he said.
“We’re defending our country.” Nearby, hundreds of Israeli troops roamed the area, using stun guns and tear gas.
Indeed, to someone holding a stock for years, a quarterly earnings tip would be of little use.
In an interview with The Associated Press, she said his financial affairs were controlled by a company registered to her, so any tax issues would be her responsibility, not his.
In October, Mr. Musharraf apologized to Pakistan for what he characterized as mistakes he made in office, and he said he would return to the country as the new head of a political party in time for elections due by 2013.
A CBS radio affiliate in Atlanta, about an hour west of here, called for an interview, as did the crew from Comedy Central.
CLARKE--Mary Clorinda (Toto), 94, a former resident of Gramercy Park, died March 7, 2011, and a funeral mass was held at Historic Old St. John's Church, Utica, on March 29th.
There was little question the Colts would struggle without him.
This puts their licenses at risk, she said.
For his part, Mr. Anders was looking forward to a meeting with a Paul campaign staff member to strategize “how we can go to work for Ron Paul.” “Home-schoolers are really independently minded,” Mr. Anders said, estimating that most of the 10 other families in his Saturday morning coffee club in Council Bluffs, Iowa, supported Mr. Paul.
Libya before the revolt was in many ways a social tinderbox.
In three years, it should bring in about $180 million.
Charitable lead trusts are one way to maximize new gift-tax exemptions while making significant charitable gifts, Mr. Sharpe said.
STAMFORD Palace Theater, Stamford Center for the Arts ''Romantic Souls,'' classical, presented by the Stamford Symphony Orchestra.
Doris Kelley, a nurse clinician in the department of quality and accreditation, was asked earlier this year to serve on a recruitment and retention committee.
Read more on Media Decoder.
The Fallout By Thursday morning, the exchange between Mr. Obama and Mr. Cantor had become the talk of Washington , even as the two sides prepared for another round of White House talks on Thursday afternoon.
He also bequeathed to the nuns his estate, worth more than $1 million, including a 100-year-old Honus Wagner baseball card .
“The only thing we should care about is whether a candidate like Santorum would seek to ban gay marriage as president,” she said.
If you follow #Longreads on Twitter, you’ll be able to find our picks that way too.
Goldman Sachs , JPMorgan Chase and Deutsche Bank may well receive complaints as well.)
“When you’re young, you think you’re the master of the universe.” Eventually, he grew up, got married and had a family.
(He also wore a Halloween wig on the field once, but he does not get a circle with a wig for that.)
Afterward, they will revisit their associations with cancer and get the facts.
“Hoboken needed something like this,” said Mr. Ivanov, of Long Valley, who was a founder of Radegast Hall and Biergarten , which opened in Brooklyn in 2007.
A third suspected it was a former Condé Nast employee.
Their examinations of her internal organs show that she was killed while Mr. Swearingen was behind bars.
Research and development, making a college education available to every child in America, repairing infrastructure — these require spending, but they are investments that also create jobs.
But Mr. Phillips uses neem oil, which comes from the neem tree, to interrupt the insect’s life cycle.
More recently, Expedia.com dropped American flight listings.
Or you can apply it in a circular pattern, as I did for the beer glass photo.
“I’m so tired; I just want to buy some chocolate,” said Yuka Sato, 27, who patiently waited in line with her neighbors.
He was co-founder and publisher of The Washingtonian magazine in 1965.
Remnants of old houses can be found among landscape shrubs like lilac and privet.
1 New York Times best seller.
Mr. Grant said he is a strong supporter of a freewheeling press as fundamental to democracy, but is opposed to the “privacy-stealing industry” that the tabloids had become.
It is in a time zone well situated to show the majority of events live.
Wing Max Evans claimed a brilliant opportunist try five minutes from time to bring it back into contention at 19-16, but England held on, with Wilkinson adding three points from a penalty.
First quarter sales had fallen by about 6.41 percent from the year-earlier period.
The administration had initially pressed but later abandoned the argument.
have little relationship to past horrors.
Wilbur told her patient that the recantation was “a major defensive maneuver,” merely the ego’s attempt to trick itself into thinking it didn’t need therapy.
My fellow snowmobilers found the excursion gripping.
Five companies bid for the work, but the lowest bidder did not win.
So I was lucky twice: Once when I clicked the cursor of the mouse only to see my confirmation number pop out at me, and secondly when I read the letter stating that I won.
“In the world of print, you really couldn’t put this opportunity in front of people in a meaningful way because it would be a very thin book and people wouldn’t take it seriously.” The first books to be published by TED are “The Happiness Manifesto: How Nations and People Can Nurture Well-Being,” by Nic Marks; “Dangerism: Why We Worry About the Wrong Things, and What It’s Doing to Our Kids,” by Gever Tulley; and “Homo Evolutis: Please Meet the Next Human Species,” by Juan Enriquez and Steve Gullans.
“This is a big deal,” the Fox co-anchor Greg Kelly said as his newscast started at 7 a.m. Wednesday.
Now he keeps the cruise ship calendar handy and drives a van loaded down with fragrant trays to Brooklyn when the boats are coming in.
''We wanted the prices to reflect the neighborhood,'' said the friendly employee behind the register, as she rang up a flattering Italian black mohair sweater (27.95 euros, or $40 at $1.42 to the euro).
Running time: 2 hours 15 minutes.
In “Quantum Man: Richard Feynman’s Life in Science,” Lawrence M. Krauss, director of the Origins Project at Arizona State University, makes his own way through the subject and emerges with an enlightening addition to the field.
The company reported last week $55.2 million in net income for its second quarter, a 41 percent drop from the same time last year.
IF only shopping for electronics were as easy as buying a car.
Makes me tired even thinking about it.
This year, for the first time, the government has approved the Internet as a medium for political campaigning.
The Kurds on the provincial council withdrew their support for the referendum after the protests erupted, and much of the council was still missing.
That is literally where you can just make or break it, and find out if they’re an all-star or whether you just avoided making a bad hire.
We will miss her kindness, humor, joie de vivre, and above all her devotion to family, friends, and to people and animals in need.
About the Best Sellers: These lists are an expanded version of those appearing in the December 11, 2011 print edition of the Book Review, reflecting sales for the week ending November 26, 2011.
He’s seen how hard work and study makes you better.” Leyland not only agreed, he had examples.
Yet now comes Dale Carnegie and Associates Inc., which offers leadership and public speaking classes, with the news that it has rewritten and reissued Carnegie’s book for the laptop generation under the title “How to Win Friends and Influence People in the Digital Age,” written with Brent Cole.
At the same time, Mr. Hogrefe said, “The proof will be in the pudding.” Mr. Hogrefe said he believed that the attorney general’s announcement reflected a “response to the international outcry.” He and others also noted that the announcement came as Congress began to evaluate the planned American sale of $53 million worth of weapons to Bahrain, including bunker-busting missiles, night-vision technology and dozens of Humvees.
In Ireland, for example, where the bursting of a huge real estate bubble has left the economy in tatters, Google recently acquired, for 100 million euros, the tallest office building in Dublin, buying it from the government agency that is managing bad loans held by Irish banks.
Most of Indian culture has spread this way, including food, rituals, music and cricket.
“I wanted to see it, take a picture with it and run,” said Nick Christiana, 27, from Bristol, Conn. Others were concerned with more ordinary threats.
China Human Rights Defenders, an advocacy group, said last week that at least 23 people had been detained for criminal investigation, and scores of others for no stated reason.
J.K. Rowling’s wizardry has been to show us these truths in the most magical of places.
Drew wrote in a text message: “My mom found it in her bedroom.”
A variety of button-down shirts in loud prints from Opening Ceremony in New York.
Bradford was 8 of 8 for 76 yards on his first two series, with scoring passes of 6 yards to Mike Sims-Walker and 11 yards to the rookie tight end Lance Kendricks.
What drove them back to base was not enemy fire or a roadside bomb.
“The public is likely to see and may be somewhat inconvenienced by vehicle checkpoints, in addition to an uptick in the deployment of bomb sniffing dogs, radiation detectors and patrols and sweeps of tunnels and bridges, landmark locations, houses of worship and government buildings.
His only sibling, a younger brother, took a pellet in the back during the latest skirmishes.
A spokesman for Ms. Burke said that if the providers were unable to agree on an approach, her office had the authority to write compensation standards into state regulations and contracts with providers.
The Gateses and Mr. Buffett started the ''Giving Pledge'' last year in the United States, and 59 wealthy American families have since promised to give half or more of their wealth to philanthropic activities.
Greece risks being judged in default on its debt obligations if banks are forced to bear part of the pain, Standard & Poor’s said Monday, suggesting that current proposals for rescuing the euro zone’s weakest member may have to be reconsidered.
Cristina knew that a journalist was observing her game but didn’t know my face, so I sat beside her.
Are they easier to write?
Park Avenue Armory, 643 Park Avenue, at 67th Street, (212) 721-6500, lincolncenter.org .
Moody’s Analytics has estimated that the current fiscal policy would subtract 1.7 percentage points from gross domestic product next year.
At six-foot-four, with a broad, toothy smile full of mischief and menace, he looked, and sometimes acted, like a character from a Sam Peckinpah movie.
Other research has suggested many women choose home birth because of concern about high rates of Caesarean sections and other interventions at hospitals , said the new study’s lead author, Marian F. MacDorman, a statistician with the National Center for Health Statistics.
“We don’t have the same way of working,” Ms. Doré said.
It is therefore in Israel’s strategic interest to cement existing peace agreements with its neighbors, Egypt and Jordan.
Just 15 percent went to DotOrg projects.
In London, austerity means that there will be about 19 percent less to spend next year on government programs, and the burden will fall particularly on the poor.
What should we have for dinner tonight?
He asked about the club.
She told the Sun newspaper in Britain this week that she became hooked on American country music and bluegrass while touring in the United States earlier this year and that she wants to write the songs on her next album in that vein.
Francona, who is out as Boston's manager, finished the season with 1,029 victories, 744 coming with the Red Sox.
A STYLE.COM review of the fall Ferragamo runway show suggested that the collection ''might be the sleeper hit of Milan Fashion Week.''
CELTICS 87, BUCKS 56 Ray Allen scored 17 points in only three quarters and Boston set a franchise record for fewest points allowed in the shot-clock era, routing visiting Milwaukee.
“It’s an unusual fact, it’s an anomaly, it’s certainly going to go down as a rare statistic, and I’m not sure if we’re standing here a year from today this will even be a question that will be brought up.” But if it is a question?
A few days later, Baidu said it would pay a fee to songwriters belonging to the Music Copyright Society of China, the country’s official performing rights organization, each time one of their songs was downloaded or streamed through Baidu.
After an eight-pitch battle, Fister gets Cano to line out sharply to center to end the inning.
The boos that greeted him Sunday were surpassed in ferocity only by those that greeted James, who also snubbed the Bulls last summer.
But after following a couple of story lines that involve his wife, a neighbor’s daughter and a drug dealer, the play — much like midlife itself — resolves frustratingly little (1:30).
Many of the defendants convicted of insider trading, including Mr. Rajaratnam, have been caught on wiretaps swapping secret information.
Containing work almost entirely from 2011, it tells us little of his funkier early digital efforts or artistic development.
My wife’s rodents are nocturnal, so they get lively in the evening.
Also missing were police reports from Mr. Morton’s neighbors, who said they had seen a man in a green van repeatedly park near their home and walk into the woods behind their house.
He did, after all, campaign for the presidency in 2006, a few years after leaving his position as foreign minister.
has led the way in cost-saving innovation, especially the use of electronic medical records.
In person Nadia G is a gentler, less intimidating, more conventionally dressed chef, even if the character she plays is largely her.
Beloved mother to Josette and Barry Baime; grandmother to Daniel and Stacey Baime, Lauren and Alexander Crane; great-grandmother to Sophie, Samuel, and Jackson.
(Watching a female gymnast while she works out on the uneven bars brings on his first on-screen wolf-out, which ends up being seriously bad news for the gymnast.)
People outside of New York may wonder how in a city that never sleeps, so many New Yorkers manage to doze on the subway.
Two of his children had starved to death in the previous three weeks, he told me.
They did so to stress that the “chaos, bedlam and turmoil” caused by the governor’s refusal to obey the law was “intolerable.” Unless the court acted as the final arbiter about the Constitution’s meaning, as Marbury v. Madison instructed, chaos would prevail.
Maj. Gen. Mick Slater was appointed at an emergency meeting of the cabinet of the flood-hit state of Queensland to lead a task force to cope with the recovery.
After the fratricide, Prior and his first sergeant wrote a letter to Mayek’s mother.
That means under the current Washington agenda, our economy is poised to take a hit from the government of at least $100 million -- 219 times.
When the toss fell and a run scored, the Mariners had runners at first and second and a two-run lead.
“The ideal form of sliding,” he argues, “would therefore be one that leaves no trace: that is, sliding over water”‘ He might have been thinking of water-skiing, of course, but I have always liked to suppose it was surfing he had in mind.
‘The Mow-Down: A Garden Hoedown’ (Saturday and Sunday) Wave Hill, the public garden in the Bronx, has many lovely plants, but it has created this new festival to celebrate one of the humblest: grass.
Areas like Washington, Nevada and Utah, with higher than average risk, often have a 10 percent deductible.
For example, China, which used to be one of the most sought-after countries by the adoption agencies of the United States, has now drastically limited international adoption to the Global North.
Although many protesters have said that the park has been vital to their cause, not everyone has been pleased with its new role as staging ground for populist expression.
It is Mr. Passera’s task to lift G.D.P.
The New York Times Company’s About Group, which publishes the advice and informational Web site About.com, has appointed a new chief executive.
He estimates that each union member has sacrificed $7,000 to $30,000 in annual compensation, either in pay or benefits, since 2005.
“We will be walking into the unknown.” Some weeks later, I met Ayman and Enas in one of their favorite coffee shops, the popular Goal Café in the Nile-side neighborhood of Zamalek.
Martin Lindstrom, author of “Buyology: Truth and Lies About Why We Buy,” refers to the way companies use aromas strategically in products and retail environments as “sensory branding.” Mr. Lindstrom, who advises companies internationally on branding issues, including helping car companies develop scents for new models, had not been aware that Schick was introducing a scented razor for men, but said executives at several major shaving companies had asked for his opinion about doing so in the past.
The Romans salted the earth so that no crops would ever grow again.
15 seed, who was a semifinalist here last year and has shown signs of resurgence after struggling through most of the 2010 season.
The Executive Committee of the Staff & Alumni Association Montefiore Medical Center, the University Hospital for the Albert Einstein College of Medicine
Early in their investigations, material scientists in the German-Swiss group proposed that sauropod bone had superior mechanical properties compared with large mammal bone, which would have given these dinosaurs stronger skeletons to support heftier bodies.
The Literary Lions, from left, JONATHAN FRANZEN, NATALIE MERCHANT, STACY SCHIFF, IAN McEWAN, ISABEL WILKERSON and TONY KUSHNER.
At 4:30 a.m. on Jan. 20, 2009, two detectives who were driving to the Freeport, N.Y., home of Mr. Zeledon’s cousin received a call from the detective at the police headquarters who said they might want to first check out the 109th Street address, Mr. Browne said.
That’s because as film became video it became “the engine driving the interlinked global entertainment markets” — little more, depressingly, than “the launching pad for a new array of electronic formats.” SCOTT It’s interesting — and apt, I think — that discussions of the health of cinema as an art form so frequently turn into discussions about technologies of distribution and the habits of consumption they create.
About 65 people each year are selected to participate in the feature film labs, which take place at the Sundance Resort outside Provo, Utah.
Rarely do more than a few weeks pass without word that another parts supplier has dozens of new positions to fill, typically offering good benefits and double the pay that the average Alabaman earns.
Jesus was, of course, Jewish.
The Gandhian view of villages was, I would say, as much a political perspective as it was economic.
Still, perception is all important when it comes to seeking help for the very first time.
Curiosity , the Mars rover that is scheduled for launch on Saturday, weighs about 2,000 pounds.
But there was little celebration in Misurata as government forces on the city’s outskirts continued to launch barrages of artillery into the heart of the city, killing 24 people on Saturday alone, local doctors said.
Peter Norton Space at Signature Theater Company, 552 West 42nd Street, Clinton, (212) 279-4200, ticketcentral.com .
This is a novel Émile Zola would have relished.” Writers are not the only ones who reread books, of course.
“I can’t make them do it.” The league is waiting for the union to make the next move.
Earlier, Hai cornered Vince and me, the only Americans on the trip, to ask if we had seen his father; the man left Saigon for Houston when Hai was 3.
The Natalie, by contrast, has a rococo construction befitting the frenzied filmmaking of “Black Swan,” her showcase.
She paid extra attention to the legal process when Link merged with InTouch Communications in 2000 to form LinkdotNet.
But if one scratches the surface of a set of beliefs among some far-left people, an analogous logic is at work, particularly if one substitutes government power for global corporate power.
“The economy is in tatters, worse than before,” said Ahmed Safwat, a 26-year-old computer engineer.
My marching orders are to get 10 percent in employee cost reductions.
After a third successive non-playoff season — the 2009 schedule ended with a 7-9 record — Smith was considered a lame-duck coach.
So, for that matter, do all executive agencies, under a directive issued by President Obama last January reaffirming the administration’s commitment to that approach.
He was a lector at St. Mary's Church and into his 70s, an avid ice hockey player.
He jogged off and was back on the field on the next play.
player for a month or two.
But Rhode Island’s state motto, after all, is “Hope.” Later that day, Aram Garabedian, one of the managing partners of the mall, surveyed the damage with garbage bags on his feet.
At 7:30 p.m., Madison Square Garden, (866) 858-0008, thegarden.com ; $39.50 to $89.50.
announced this month that it was raising the annual mortgage insurance premium for borrowers by a quarter of a percentage point — to 1.1 or 1.15 percent of the loan amount for 30-year fixed-rate loans, and 0.25 or 0.50 for 15-year or shorter-term loans.
‘‘Exit Wounds,’’ by Rutu Modan Fascinating tale of existential malaise set in Tel Aviv.
“That was pretty stupid, but I guess in my defense, I had no clue that would happen,” Edwards said Thursday after qualifying third for Sunday’s Coca-Cola 600.
But on Monday morning, it quoted Japanese authorities as saying that the radioactivity levels at the Onagawa plant had returned to normal levels and that there appeared to be no leak there.
voters identified him as the candidate with “the best chance to defeat Barack Obama in the general election,” well below the 11 percent support he had overall in the survey.
But a new investor came forward the next year and the market’s twin modernist buildings (they look a bit like Bauhaus-style greenhouses) came to life.
Already, 15 interested businesses have responded, said Gary Rubinstein, the club's real estate broker.
WITH: Jason Bateman (Nick Hendricks), Charlie Day (Dale Arbus), Jason Sudeikis (Kurt Buckman), Jennifer Aniston (Dr. Julia Harris), Colin Farrell (Bobby Pellit), Kevin Spacey (Dave Harken), Donald Sutherland (Jack Pellit), Julie Bowen (Rhonda Harken), Jamie Foxx (Dean Jones) and Lindsay Sloane (Stacy).
Most don’t, said Cindi Laws, executive director of the Washington State Residential Care Council of Adult Family Homes.
Auto executives say they are already preparing long-range product plans that will help them reach the new federal standards by 2025.
Irene, and the inevitable questions about climate change.
They shoot people at 2 o’clock in the afternoon!
But defenses are more willing than ever to let quarterbacks play well.
The building, near Amsterdam Avenue, is being developed for Redeemer Presbyterian Church.
I’ve lived in New York City for seven years, and my husband and I are considering having and raising a child in Brooklyn; but I still can’t imagine actually growing up here.
Ms. March receives $932 a month in Social Security disability benefits and $200 a month in food stamps.
attempted a desperation pass: it announced plans to play on Sundays in August, hoping to fill a void left by canceled N.F.L.
I rediscovered that strength, or what I thought was strength, in anorexia and bulimia.
In thoracic outlet syndrome, blood vessels traveling through the space under the collarbone and the top of the rib cage may experience pressure if the opening is too small.
The three teachers in the Education Reform Now ad are part of Educators 4 Excellence, said Kerri Lyon, who handles their account at Knickerbocker and had worked under Mr. Klein at the Education Department's press office.
His remarks after last week’s budget deal were a case in point.
Mr. Mayne, who was brought in by the F. J. Sciame Construction Company to advise on ways to lower the project’s cost, called it “the architecture of negotiation.” Cost and security concerns led, in 2006, to the biggest blow to Mr. Arad’s original design: the loss of what he called the memorial galleries, below-ground walkways in the footprints where around the falls, whose walls of water would serve as shimmering backdrops to the names of the dead near floor level.
Richard Lambert , the group’s director general, said Mr. Cameron’s administration had “been careless of the damage they might do to business and to job creation” with the cuts, and added, “It is not enough just to slam on the spending brakes.” At home, the Cameron government was already facing a tough year politically before the latest economic figures.
The CBR250R is available with an antilock braking system for an extra $500.
Mr. Belli said he couldn’t help but overhear their conversation after they had polished them off: “They said, ‘We need to take a walk, to walk it off.’ ” Up the road, but on the opposite end of the spectrum, Table Local Market offers a panini made with raw-milk Cheddar, organic gala apples and sage butter on sturdy whole grain bread ($7.50) that has gained a following among junior locavores (students with IDs get a 10 percent discount).
and more specifically the Chateau Marmont — these festive cocktail rings, the stateside debut of the Australian jeweler Samantha Wills, have names like “Romancing the Stone” and “La Vie en Rose.” Priced from $215 to $290, the cinematic sparklers have already been spotted on the likes of Kate Bosworth, Blake Lively and Drew Barrymore.
Perhaps the ending of that game was even more satisfying because it interrupted such a grim march of sports news, which now includes sexual abuse allegations against a Syracuse assistant basketball coach, Bernie Fine .
I had to do something to stop it.” Voting was not an option: Brown had never joined the I.A.U.
“I get invited to sometimes go talk to kids about C.F.E., and there was this one student who said, ‘shouldn’t we just give up?’ And I said, ‘No, I’ve been doing this for 20 years, we can’t give up.
And whatever they decide, they decide.
Gordon Love of the University of California, Riverside, and his colleagues have drilled down into deposits of oil in Australia dating back at least 635 million years .
Mr. Armendáriz was born in 1940 and began his movie career in 1966.
“It’s an easy save for me,” Luongo said, “but if you’re wandering out, that’s going to happen.” While Luongo also praised Thomas, reports focused on that part of the statement, and Julien noted the 14 goals allowed in the series by Luongo, or “the guy that made the comment,” as Julien referred to him.
It being summer, the temperature remains above freezing, and the sun, hovering low on the horizon, filters through the fog and clouds to create pastel-shaded layers of shifting indirect light.
The equation is usually tempered by the thought that the birth parents either are no longer alive or chose to give the child a better life than they could provide.
“It’s gone into a shell.” The State Department runs a Bureau for Educational and Cultural Affairs with a budget of nearly $500 million, but most of its money goes to programs that invite foreigners to the United States to study or visit.
But she clearly did raise a general health alarm last week over the vaccine: “It can have very dangerous side effects,’’ she said in a television interview.
At Manducatis, a white-tablecloth Italian restaurant in Long Island City and a Queens institution, the manager, Anthony Cerbone, said that an initial grade of B, for an espresso machine positioned too far from a sink, scared off some customers and made loyalists shrug and ask, “What’s with the B?” The restaurant received an A in a follow-up inspection, but Mr. Cerbone said the inspections were expensive and disruptive, with inspectors staying for hours during lunchtime rushes.
Last month, The New York Times reported that Warner had hired Goldman Sachs to help seek potential buyers for all or part of the company.
The Pac-10 , which is expected to announce the agreements Wednesday, is following the media model of the Big Ten Conference, which in 2007 created its own network and negotiated a 10-year, $1 billion deal with ESPN.
Father and son appeared together the following week, reviewing a massive military parade in Pyongyang.
The mayor also wants to create a schedule and a budget for the kind of routine inspection and maintenance that would prevent more unpleasant surprises.
“They don’t have time to do that anymore.” Some Middle Ground Of course, the good old days were rarely actually as good as they are in memory.
As a vindicated Vignelli told me, the map was “created in B.C.
Even if you’re not a dealer, just ask them if they’re willing to bargain with you.
In her speech to Parliament, Mrs. Merkel tried to dispel speculation that closer cooperation within the euro zone would mean greater division within the European Union, evoking the spirit of German leaders past, from Konrad Adenauer to Helmut Kohl .
to play “It’s the End of the World as We Know It (And I Feel Fine).” When he did, I’d do my best to sing along with the other kids, all while imitating the boy from the video who sways back and forth with a skateboard and practices his moves to the harmonies at the end of the song.
Recent events in the Middle East show that unconditional support for “friendly autocrats” is short-sighted and counterproductive.
There were more tears of pain and frustration.
But you will have the pride of effort, and tradition.
Ms. Roberson is the sole remaining Eagle Lake representative of Godfrey & Ivy Realty, and all of her properties are along the lake as well.
But Blair Horner, the legislative director for the New York Public Interest Research Group , a nonprofit advocacy organization, said the state’s Commission on Public Integrity, which oversees lobbyists, should review Mr. Sachs’s work.
Over the next few weeks, we’ll be posting some of the autobiographical essays here, about one per day.
It concludes with a long string of images that Polke took while installing an exhibition of his photographs in 1977.
It may reimburse you for a replacement dose.
Britain made a good first step when it revoked eight weapons-related export licenses for Libya.
“We won’t do that again; we’re not going to play the stock market," he said ruefully.)
Or did the readers give up and just turn to another story?
The full Q. and A. is at Giants.com , with exchanges like this: Q: Are you bothered by the perception that your ballclub is not moving ahead and that this team is taking a step back?
Depressed patients also tend to give more negative assessments, Mr. Merlino said.
Mostly, we would try to make sense of it all.
We do not know yet how American democracy — where the middle class has the votes, but the business class has the money — will respond to this tough new economic logic.
People want to hear from me.
Mr. Sly was one of the five winners; Ms. Breiwick was not.
HOLLY SIEGEL PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY LUCAS ZAREBINSKI)
More pictures show him with the barrel chest of a party enforcer, invigorated with the heady promises of Arab nationalism.
“He was able to throw the fastball wherever I put the glove,” Francisco Cervelli said.
Oils and fats are up and close to their 2008 level, and dairy is higher but still below its 2007 peak, the report said.
Or to put it a nicer way, so discerning?
“Every year we talk to many people who are new to the city,” said Leo Boucher of Da Camera, “and they really appreciate the chance to learn so much about the arts scene here in one day.” Theater District, Aug. 28, noon.
I was interested in the idea of the sister relationship in general.
Andy Benoit is the founder of NFLTouchdown.com and covers the N.F.L.
9:30 P.M. (13) VIENNA PHILHARMONIC SUMMER NIGHT 2011 Valery Gergiev, left, conducts the orchestra in the gardens of Sch?unn Palace, a Unesco World Heritage Site.
For decades, they have predicted that this would lead to changes in the frequency of extreme weather events, and statistics show that has begun to happen.
Her neighbor across the hall was Robert Turcotte, an independent broker.
For the remaining favorites like Evans and the Schleck brothers, Stage 19 will be especially critical, with the time trial looming and the top four still bunched relatively close together.
The Penguins are winless in three games without Sidney Crosby, the league’s top scorer, who has a concussion.
In 2009, a sumo trainer was sentenced to six years in prison in the hazing death of a young wrestler, and since August 2008, four wrestlers have been banned from the sport amid accusations of marijuana use.
Offhand, with the possible exception of Tom Wolfe’s “The Bonfire of the Vanities,” Richard Ford ’s real estate dramas, or Michael Crichton’s forgettable “Disclosure,” I can’t think of many novels of recent years that grapple with the kinds of issues most business people encounter.
We should get rid of theloan programs.
In short, it’s not a great way to open a starting career.
I HAVE one word of advice for Larry Fishman, owner of the Rail House 1449 : textiles.
players are used to playing with strangers, having done so since they were young.
“The feds hold all the power and all the cards here,” said Gov.
The Newark Museum, 49 Washington Street.
For online condolences and directions visit: www.hoytfuneralhome.com
After a homemade breakfast of fresh fruit and chocolate Belgian waffles, grab a rocking chair on the veranda and enjoy what is now considered more old-fashioned than the 1895 house itself: an unplugged moment of quiet.
The book follows a group of friends and lovers, parents and children, from 1987 until 2006, winding its way not only through Vermont and New York’s East Village, but also through the straight-edge music scene and the early days of the AIDS epidemic.
Where every salary increase will be pitted against revenue from taxes, it is not hard to imagine that employee income will soon flatten out.
“He’s connected with the past and he symbolizes the past,” Professor Rathbone said of Mr. Osei.
Regular Hindi film fans complain that the film is silly.
Or was it because his family controlled the company?
Their approaches set the stage for a test of their leadership that will provide a roadmap for how they will handle even bigger budget fights ahead.
The garden is an innovative approach to relaxation, offering visitors a unique place to kick-back and contemplate Ms. Hadid’s design.
Additional shows, schedule information and locations will be announced later.
Certainly no series introduced this fall is breaking new ground.
Cheap hydroelectric power from dams on rivers in the Pacific Northwest region has turned the United States into a big exporter of polysilicon.
“In my opinion, any future defense secretary who advises the president to again send a big American land army into Asia or into the Middle East or Africa should ‘have his head examined,’ as General MacArthur so delicately put it,” Mr. Gates told an assembly of Army cadets here.
“Why are you running this hospital?” the gunmen demanded.
Now that the debate has wrapped up in London — with a request by one member of Parliament to switch topics from phone hacking to the “significant victory by four lengths” of the House of Commons’ rowing team over one from the House of Lords — we take a moment to note that a second U.S. senator has called for an American investigation of News Corporation.
Mr. Allan served on the Board of Trustees of The Institute of Classical Architecture & Classical America and the Thomas Moran Trust.
So how do you know which card to buy?
Then, one day in 2000, they noticed an ad in a real estate circular for the rambling old house on 95th Street.
A hot bath before bed does not make you sleepier; it just raises your body temperature.
When he used those words, Hagee was referring to general Christian anti-Semitism, not to any particular denomination.Further, the coverage asserts that Hagee has a poor relationship with the Catholic community.This is also untrue.
Did the Jets really want to take the chance of being booed off the field at halftime?
But the anti-graffiti strategy — deploying crews called graffiti blasters to quickly erase or blot out painted surfaces — has imposed a kind of natural-selection process in the graffiti subculture.
30 home runs, 100 R.B.I.
“You find every corner,” he says with a grin.
The process is said to be so time consuming and expensive as to discourage restaurateurs from even trying.
SHE approached the negotiations in a hands-on way, meeting with him three times, keeping the talks out of the newspapers and wooing his brother, who acts as Ronaldinho’s manager.
He said he had also heard from many former viewers in recent months.
More than 30 miners died at the same mine, called La Preciosa, in 2007.
He’s got that spot-what’s-wrong-with-it gene.
His calculation seems to be that any stimulus he could win from Republicans would have only a minor effect on job growth — and come with a political cost.
Such research has provoked controversy.
Analysts say the Ahdab operation is China National Petroleum’s largest in the Middle East.
In all, vehicles spend from two and six days at Toyota’s facility, depending on the work they require.
The search for a new chief executive could take up to six months, Mr. Villiger said.
The Democrats followed with another anti-Romney spot in Arizona in October, that time featuring his comments to The Las Vegas Review-Journal that the foreclosure process should be allowed to “just run its course and hit bottom.” Mr. Romney, whose Republican rivals could not afford to wage a major negative advertising blitz against him four years ago, has conserved his resources this time to push back what his advisers anticipate will be an attempt to erode his credibility.
His 13-10 record mostly reflects poor run support; the Rays have scored only nine total runs in his losses.
It overlooks hundreds of billions of dollars the needy receive in food stamps and other benefits and the similarly formidable amounts they lose to taxes and medical care.
Amr Hamzawy, who has acted as a mediator between the protesters and the government, said that “everyone is taking a break,” though he expressed concern with the vague nature of the army’s most recent statements.
And they were probably right.
Yet it is part of a cycle that is not new.
The tax rebates signed by President George W. Bush and President Obama both lifted spending.
Nelson Mandela visited with the Libyan leader in Tripoli in the 1990s and invited him to attend a ceremony in 1999 for Mr. Mandela’s transfer of power to Thabo Mbeki.
According to EcoHealth Alliance , a New York nonprofit that researches and works to prevent disease caused by wildlife, 120 million animals – fish, birds and reptiles – are shipped around the globe annually, legally and illegally.
Commissioned in the late 1930s by none other than Gen. Francisco Franco and appropriately Social Realist in style, they are fascinating documents, full of muscular, heroic looking figures, even though they depict the misdeeds of the Republican opposition.
Firstpost says there are high stakes , and opportunities, for India in post-Qaddafi Libya.
Briggs wants more money — who among us doesn’t?
The newsmagazine will feature Meredith Vieira, Harry Smith, Kate Snow, Ann Curry, Nancy Snyderman, Richard Engel and Matt Lauer as correspondents.
Europe’s lead in the effort to aid Libyan rebels fighting to oust Qaddafi is commendable, but it is only a start.
And Eric Schmidt, the executive chairman of Google, talks about what it will take to get the economy going again.
“We’re going to have to find ways to boost our efficiency so that we use less oil.
Paintings made of wide brush strokes executed in gridded order on raw canvas exemplify tension between action and restraint.
Worst part: he went back to her place after our ''discussion'' and spent the night there.Kathleen I bought a box of fine chocolates for a boyfriend whom I had a date with for V-Day.
And as you can see, at least at the post-secondary level, we still have some top-notch schools.
It has about 600 employees, and the firm’s assets under management have grown to $120 billion.
For many business travelers , Apple’s iPad (starting at $499) has proved a capable travel mate.
“I violated not only the law but the Army core values, and I also violated the principles my father instilled in me,” he said, adding that he had “lost my moral compass.” A lawyer for Specialist Morlock called to the witness stand a sociologist who had reviewed an internal investigation of the Stryker brigade and its former commander, Col. Harry D. Tunnell.
His death reminded the football community that for all the reform in the management of concussions and other on-field brain trauma in recent years, the damage to past players remains a vestige of the game’s more brutal times.
Not knowing that would be the case, we abandoned deferring any more fun and moved our winter residence to New Mexico.
“Today we cut trillions.” The most politically charged element of the budget plan is a proposal to convert Medicare from a program where the federal government serves as the health insurer for Americans 65 and older to one where older Americans join private health plans that are subsidized by the government.
The document archive also included market analysis from a major investment bank, public comments by energy companies on proposed federal regulatory changes, academic papers, and an extensively annotated PowerPoint presentation.
A company owned by Mr. Luc, which is not associated with Geos, billed Renault for the information.
Owls, because they are most often active in the dark and low-light conditions, and can’t rely on appearances, also communicate in a complex language.
For those traveling from train stations that offer e-tickets, tickets can be purchased in-advance or the day of travel.
They had one pair left at Barneys in my size.
“She is not allowed to speak with anyone, no one is allowed to come over, she is not allowed to speak on the phone,” Lyutsina Khalip said.
It turns out they had good reason to run up the score.
Still, he opposes President Obama ’s call for Congress to renew extensions on unemployment benefits.
However, brokers agree that Wales, with its striking coastline, mountains, picturesque countryside and transportation connections to England, offers good value for the money.
In a television campaign scheduled to begin on Jan. 9, Royal Caribbean also will seek to appeal to those who have not taken a cruise before, but will show ships only in passing and focus more on the appeal of the ocean.
for Japan — as well as aging populations of conservative savers and bond markets that rely more on domestic rather than foreign investors to provide crucial financing.
He has presence, and you see it the moment he walks into his new surroundings.
And Mr. Langella translates those watchwords into acting that more or less erases everyone else in view.
The cause was congestive heart failure, his wife, Lynne Schwarzenbek-Rayfiel, said.
“We have to make people much more aware of this problem,” said Lam Tung Pang, a Hong Kong artist whose paint-and-fabric image of a sad-looking polar bear was estimated to fetch as much as 75,000 dollars at the auction.
She lived a long, wonderful life full of happiness and joy.
The San Francisco Municipal Transit Agency is responsible for executing the plan, which has only recently proceeded after being halted by the courts because of concerns about its impact on traffic.
“From where I sit, it’s pretty clear.
That includes Mummy’s gravestone — and her very interested spirit.
Ellis, the defensive end whom the Jets drafted in the first round in 2000 with the pick New England gave them as compensation when Bill Belichick left New York for Foxborough, Mass., agreed to a one-year deal with the Patriots on Sunday.
She also took issue with the implication that the center ignored the orchestra’s interest at Verizon.
GETTING IN A bouncer blocks the door to the coffee shop, creating a curious scene where hopefuls lurk on the sidewalk awaiting entry into what appears to be an empty room.
At present, some 500 bison are penned up near Gardiner, Mont., awaiting testing and slaughter.
On the range warming up, he was hitting balls with his swing coach, Sean Foley, standing behind him.
With enough devotion over enough years, the quixotic might become real.
The urge to dominate, and the promise of violence that accompanies it, has never been closer to the surface in “Betrayal” than it is here.
If the top players fail to live up to their reputations, which has happened before, and the promising youngsters stagnate or regress, the team could set records for futility given its still-bloated payroll, with 70 wins or less.
“People say our society is equal now — but is it?”
“Thank God on one sense that this was one of those early-morning attacks and there was only three people in the compound,” he said, “apart from the security people, who have been so tragically affected.” The neighborhood where the attack occurred is near the Intercontinental Hotel, which armed gunmen attacked in June, leaving at least 21 people dead, including the 9 suicide bombers who managed to penetrate several rings of security to carry out the attack.
Brian Williams will anchor coverage of the memorial ceremonies from ground zero, with the assistance of Lester Holt in New York, David Gregory at the Pentagon and Tom Brokaw, who oversaw the network's coverage of the attacks 10 years ago.
It means finding alternative sources of energy.
“Relatively, we were lucky that day,” Dr. Rhee said Within three hours, every patient was on the way to a hospital bed.
Written, directed and edited by Xavier Dolan; director of photography, Stéphanie Weber-Biron; art direction by Mr. Dolan; costumes by Mr. Dolan; produced by Mr. Dolan, Daniel Morin and Carole Mondello; released by Sundance Selects.
A version of this column appeared in print on Aug. 31, 2011.
Why didn’t I put away more?
“They have to go back when that time of year comes,” said Thupten Phuntsok, an ordained Buddhist monk from Staten Island.
Anglo American already owns a 45 percent stake in De Beers, and expects to complete the takeover by the second half of 2012.
A riverboat filled with families cruising on the Volga River sank on Sunday, and about 100 people were missing hours later, feeding fears that the episode could be the country’s worst such accident in recent history.
“I am quite optimistic,” the chairman of euro zone finance ministers, Jean-Claude Juncker, said after discussing further aid for Athens with the French president, Nicolas Sarkozy, in Paris.
Those results compelled the agency’s chairwoman, Sheila C. Bair, to call 2010 a “turnaround year” for the banking industry.
Fear of sexual coercion by Qaddafi cronies, once a pervasive threat to prominent women, has evaporated.
Henry Hansen, commander of the battalion’s Company E. “They think we’re going to come in here and leave.” In this case, though, the battalion was setting up an observation post overlooking the Naka villages, and planned to increase patrols through it.
“It’s very expensive to do it, but once it is done, the cost goes way down,” Ms. Anderson said.
Mr. Slifka said he was not certain why the response was slow, but he had a suspicion: “I think we’ll find out that a lot of this was about the money or all of this was about the money.” Whether it would have been prudent to pay standby fees to out-of-state crews is likely to be one question investigators will try to answer, said Elin S. Katz, the state’s consumer counsel, whose home in West Hartford had no power for 10 days.
Some research suggests that ratio increases the risk of heart disease; in salmon and trout the ratio is reversed.
(I will admit that Londoners, unlike New Yorkers, remain very good at standing in line without complaining, though I recently read a newspaper essay explaining that most queuers are seething inside .)
He and his identical twin Robert went to Yale, then Dick went to Harvard Business School and into the Navy.
Keep your beliefs within your congregations, please.
One of the more interesting things about Butler’s home run is that he hit a similar one two months ago.
(La Rocco) Zoe/Juniper (Friday through Sunday) The latest collaboration between the visual artist Juniper Shuey and the choreographer Zoe Scofield is having its premiere at Jacob’s Pillow, which helped to commission the work.
Her name was Kadija and she was 3 years old and probably not more than 20 pounds.
However, I was able to get that information quickly from “Katie” using the site’s online chat function.
The council on Tuesday released a document laying out its political aspirations for a democratic Libya.
The Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library and Museum, 4079 Albany Post Road.
“I thought it was a good choice; he’s a great poet and a great adviser,” Professor Lansky said.
The movement, led by Fetullah Gulen, a Turkish religious leader living in self-imposed exile in rural Pennsylvania, supports scores of charter schools that have gained a reputation for academic achievement and a commitment to spreading Turkish language and culture.
But his happiness is tempered, knowing how many others remain displaced.
On Monday, Mr. Rajaratnam’s lawyers began their defense by presenting an alternative portrait, and the descriptive word of the day was discipline.
But I find that New Yorkers, myself included, will go out of their way to ignore each other when flying.
Romo at least has the big-time targets.
“We are confident that once the U.S. Supreme Court receives our brief, the lower courts’ decision will stand,” said Leonard Koerner, chief of appeals for the city’s Law Department.
“What is it about the pain of endurance sports that’s fun?” he asked me.
About 20 percent of small companies offered the coverage.
As Louise Mensch, a Conservative member of Parliament, began to ask her questions, it appeared that someone moved towards Rupert Murdoch and James Murdoch stood up, apparently to defend his father.
NANCY MARKS, and LESTER and DINNY MORSE.
Rick Perry defended the state’s abstinence-only birth control program by saying that he knew abstinence worked “from my own personal life.” Right now, the state is wrestling with a fiscal megacrisis that goes back to 2006, when the Legislature cut local property taxes and made up for the lost revenue with a new business tax.
But Mr. Reiss had a reservation.
The team also has talented relievers in Carlos Marmol , Jeff Samardzija and Sean Marshall , regardless of how frustrating the enigmatic Marmol may be to watch.
“The guy is a shakedown artist,” Mr. Ackman said of the older Mr. Icahn, who returned with: “He just likes pounding himself on the chest.” NEW YORK TIMES Regulators Approve Start of $2 Billion Asian Fund | Carl Huttenlocher, who was accused of improperly valuing assets when he was the head of Highbridge Capital Management’s Asia unit, said he got permission from regulators to start a new fund, and was seeking to raise $2 billion to invest in Asian corporate securities, The Wall Street Journal reports.
But 12 hours into her newfound fame, Hickory was already developing a reputation as a hard-to-please celebrity.
But the league has a responsibility to make it fair.
Such thinking can shift the conversation from denial and scarcity and to hope and abundance, from survival to thrival, from sustainability to thriveability.
So-called momentum stocks will attract attention in every age.
Though eager to gain access to reserves estimated at 115 billion barrels, the fourth-largest in the world, companies are initially required to invest large sums with only tiny early returns and major risks.
Moreover, the United Nations Development Corporation, a city-state public-benefit corporation that handles the United Nations’ real estate needs, was deeply involved in the negotiations.
Do we worry about Luke?
Your religious beliefs typically depend on the community in which you were raised or live.
Her aides said in June that she struggled to communicate complex thoughts and would decide her next political step before the filing deadline next May.
Throughout the summer Ms. Lewis had repeatedly said it was “very likely” the union would go on strike, even though recent changes in state law make it more difficult to do so.
But Marcelo D2 also praises samba and Brazilian culture, and onstage the brisk pattering of a samba tambourine or a lightly plucked guitar was just as likely to pace his music as the booming breakbeats of hip-hop.
Yet the actors don’t sound even vaguely Hispanic, and their broad A’s suggest that Jackie and Veronica — and, for that matter, Ms. Wasche’s Victoria — came to New York City via Massachusetts.
It was only 13 years ago that Rodriguez posted career highs in at-bats (686) and stolen bases (46) and also had 213 hits as a sleek yet powerful young shortstop in Seattle .
The court, however, said there is a right to safeguards that reduce the risk of improper incarceration — like an opportunity to present financial information to the court.
The center-left in Parliament has close ties to labor unions and might therefore block privatizations and changes in labor laws, while some in the center-right party of Mr. Berlusconi have accused Mr. Monti of pulling off a market-driven coup d’état and are looking for any chance to force early elections and a return to democratic processes.
One student remarked, “In Euclid before, he talked a lot about what is equal and what isn’t.
In the same issue of The Times Magazine, Paul Tough writes about “character” education, asking “What if the Secret to Success Is Failure?” We have chosen that for our new Learning Network Reading Club , and we invite you to contribute your thoughts.
But instead, this animal didn’t move, didn’t bark, and was better behaved than most passengers.
But the state report underlines the urgent need for far stronger safety laws.
One of the students Terri befriends is an antisocial crank, while the other is a pretty girl consigned to loserdom after a public humiliation.
Many workers traveled hundreds of miles to get to the camp.
Drivers search the site to find temporary parking where it is typically most expensive, like city centers, at sports stadiums or near transportation hubs.
The two-hour ride was to be a typical one.
Nanette Davis, an assistant United States attorney, said in her closing argument that those who had benefited from the tax shelters included some of the “most well-heeled, richest investors in the world.” They included the late sports entrepreneur Lamar Hunt, trust fund recipients, inventors, a grandson of the late industrialist Armand Hammer and people who built fortunes in real estate or family businesses.
Iran is one of the few remaining allies of Mr. Assad’s government.
But with Apple’s iTunes now eight years old, and digital services like Pandora finding mainstream success, older consumers are becoming more comfortable with digital music.
Long’s talent has not been lost on Noll, 73, who paddled into a Hawaiian wave in 1969 that would become a sort of generational benchmark — at a nearly impossible 50 feet high.
players had in their lockout.
The situation, it seems, requires not just a hog-management plan but also a people-management plan.
Four of Smile Train’s nine board members — Robert Bell, Susannah Schaefer, Roy Reichbach and Arthur McCarthy — are employees of Mr. Wang’s various businesses or his foundation.
So that's how our fiscal challenge was created.
“His right arm falls to his side,” according to the stage directions, “but he still clutches the manuscript to his chest with the left as he sinks into a chair.” Blackout.
The serenity of Christmas morning in New York — a comforting restorative in a town that has rumbled and bullied and bartered all year — had arrived once more, reaching out like a statue struggling for life under the sculptor’s hands, or the memory of a day from long ago stretching out with its shadows.
George Lopez, a sanctions expert at the University of Notre Dame , said the measures would curtail short-term financial flexibility, produce dramatic monetary losses and “show there is little future in investing in Syria.” “The freezing of both government and personal assets of high level officials, a combination that had high impact in Libya, now poses a moment of decision to the elites regarding their continued support for Assad,” he said.
“Title IX protects against sex discrimination,” Ali said.
Russia ’s aviation industry has long been plagued by safety problems, breakdowns and lethal crashes, rendering it virtually unable to sell planes outside the former Soviet Union, Iran , Cuba and parts of Africa .
The bridegroom, 32, is the director of student initiatives for the Urban Assembly School for Law and Justice, a public high school in Brooklyn.
To the Editor: Re “ A Swede by Any Other Name.
And when will we be able to drive an electric or hydrogen fuel-cell car, which is as luscious to look at as a vintage automotive beauty like the Citroën DS19?
That does not augur well for the future.
His explosive belt was made of wood and was fake, he said.
He chewed out subordinates and partners who failed to deliver, trashed competitors who did not measure up and told know-it-all pundits to take a hike.
$7 MILLION Regency East 301 East 64th Street (between First and Second Avenues) Manhattan Master leases, to expire in April 2026, are being offered for four retail spaces -- Gourmet Garage, a nail salon, a tax preparer and a pet shop -- totaling 12,000 square feet in this 18-story 1963 co-op apartment building.
“And so I had a responsibility to try to give back.” In all this we might say guilt, subjective guilt, has a redemptive side.
Mr. Risen said he would ask the judge to quash the new subpoena, too.
“There’s a lot of detail, but the critical thing is the politics, particularly whether Mr. Cameron throws his weight behind strong measures,” Mr. Mabey said.
Zillow, which trades as Z, is the first single-letter stock to trade on the Nasdaq exchange.
Jason Isringhausen recorded his first major league save on July 6, 1999.
I don’t know if I’d say the same if the person I love lives in a little village in Italy.” Love may be blind, but the move involved a degree of professional uncertainty, even risk.
“While we haven’t heard Maurice Evans’s remarks, I can confirm that we last proposed $2 billion in total player compensation for next season, an 8 percent reduction from last season,” the N.B.A.
China’s economic planners have been trying for months to cool down an economy that many experts said was at risk of becoming dangerously overheated.
A quick sweep through Forever 21 in Midtown revealed a beefy zigzag striped cardigan ($39.80), a flame-stitched shift dress ($22.80), and a chevron-stripe variation in a scorching yellow and terra-cotta tone ($24.80).
You can imagine New York would stand still for her, even if she weren't dying.
Page 12 National TO PROTECT REEF, ACTIVISTS TRY TO BLOCK BLASTING PERMIT As Miami prepares to dredge its port to accommodate supersize freighters, environmentalists are making a last-ditch effort to protect the coral reefs and acres of sea grass that they say would be destroyed by the expansion.
My wife, Ashleigh, did all the insect taxidermy.
“We have to deal with that fact.” Other states and cities are also wrestling with the question of what medical marijuana is, or should be.
The governor of Minnesota and the state’s Republican lawmakers announced on Thursday that they had, at last, reached a deal on the state’s budget, bringing what is expected to be a swift reopening of government services.
Ligety’s winning time of 2 minutes 10.56 seconds was .43 of a second ahead of the third-place skier, Philipp Schoerghofer of Austria.
“I think the Chinese authorities have been taken aback by the response,” Mr. Hilty said.
“I wouldn’t expect that they would be relevant,” he said.
She recalled that salesclerks in stores in Seattle would refuse to wait on her family, and so they had to order everything from the Sears Roebuck catalog.
Funeral Service will be held on Friday, July 22, 2011 at 11:30am.
“I swear I thought it was an old woman,” wrote another.
Until then, I’d love to hear your thoughts and experiences.
She is, after all, the great-granddaughter of Sigmund Freud.)
Says the car lot’s owner, Dave Hicks: “These pictures are everywhere.” Turning right or left on any street leads to houses gone or close to it, as well as to stories and moments of heartbreak, weirdness and resolve.
The High Line at 16th Street, Chelsea: daily, 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. At 118 First Avenue (East Seventh Street), East Village: until Oct. 15, Monday to Friday, 5 to 10 p.m.; Saturday and Sunday, noon to 10 p.m. Brooklyn Flea, 176 Lafayette Street (Clermont Street), Fort Greene: Saturday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Smorgasburg, East River waterfront (North Sixth Street), Williamsburg, Brooklyn: Saturday and Sunday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. New Amsterdam Market, 100 Peck Slip (South Street): Sunday, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m., (347) 850-2388; peoplespops.com .
Mr. Filner announced this week that he would run for mayor of San Diego.
Escape to New York, a second small-scale rock festival aimed at a similar clientele, was slated to take place a week earlier, just a few miles away from East Hampton on the Shinnecock Indian reservation.
The report weighed on stock markets, with the Euro Stoxx 50 index, a barometer of euro zone blue chip shares, falling 1.5 percent Friday, while the FTSE 100 in London slid 1.3 percent.
I guess if they’re willing to lend it to us it must be O.K.” I should have known better.
Oct. 14 at 7:30 p.m. $5.
The actress Jana Robbins performed the number at the couple's wedding party.
After several repetitions, he broke off a handful of dough and began to pull it long, doubling the dough around his left hand and spreading his arms wide apart in a few quick moves that produce a web, like a full-body game of cat’s cradle.
Mr. Ai had arrived near the peak of the East Village art boom.
Clemens created a stir in February 2008 by signing autographs for members of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform before he testified for the committee, denying any use of performance-enhancing drugs.
“Those men will probably arrest me,” she said.
10 P.M. (NBC) ROCK CENTER WITH BRIAN WILLIAMS In this newsmagazine from Studio 3B in Rockefeller Center Mr. Williams, the anchor of ''NBC Nightly News,'' and correspondents including Harry Smith, Kate Snow, Ted Koppel, Meredith Vieira, Natalie Morales, Matt Lauer and Ann Curry tackle some of the week's most provocative events.
It would be a couple of years before my brother, Tony, and I would be grown enough to play with the “big kids”.
Spring is sugaring season in Vermont, when trees are tapped and sap is collected for making syrup.
Click on the word below to map it and hear it pronounced:
The audacity of the move seemed to work, at first.
He was the executive officer of a Navy Seal team in San Diego.
For a long while after the British left in 1947, they left a hangover behind.
The image that many, perhaps most, Americans have of the nation’s 40th president is largely manufactured.
Children’s Services has identified the neediest children by their ZIP code: those areas with the highest concentration of children living in poverty will receive the greatest number of subsidized child-care spots.
July 30 at 8 p.m. $24 and $35.
The Republicans’ fervor for saving the taxpayers’ dollars doesn’t extend to one of the Pentagon’s costlier failures — the Marine Corps’ new Expeditionary Fighting Vehicle, a hybrid landing craft and battle truck.
At his death, Dr. Kannel was emeritus professor of medicine and public health at the Boston University School of Medicine .
“I mean, serial killers get a death sentence, but that’s virtually what he gave me.” “I’m surprised Chin didn’t suggest stoning in the public square,” he added.
But this article also suggests that it really doesn’t matter how you run — on your toe, even on your heel — and that we all naturally know how to run.
Devoted brother of Jerry (Sylvia).
It promotes cultural norms, Mr. Freud had theorized, and stands in opposition to humans’ primal wants and needs.
Mr. Stanford has been taking large doses of the antianxiety drug clonazepam, along with antidepressants, for about a year.
A trailer may seem an odd home for a law enforcement official, but Ogden’s take on life is out of sync with convention.
Fortunately we have a model for successful reform here in New York City.
Both officers were asked to accept a command discipline — including five days’ lost vacation — but when they declined, a police trial was set for Jan. 13.
HASTINGS-ON-HUDSON Riverview “Spoken Interludes Reading Series,” featuring Ivana Lowell, David Rakoff and Jamie Rose.
The victory restored a four-game cushion in the wild-card race, with 12 games to play, including seven against the last-place Baltimore Orioles.
Keep reading to find out why.
Ms. Haegerstrom-Portnoy does not agree, calling the claims “nonsense.” She said amber was no more natural than any other color.
“Two years ago came into my head,” he said.
Most of the salad bar staples are house-made, too, with the marinated chickpeas especially popular ($7 a pound).
The new ban, covering 760 square miles, makes the entire Sound a no-discharge zone; Connecticut secured the same designation for its portion of the Sound in 2007.
Taken together they show the sensitive, humanistic possibilities of the city — which its citizens have betrayed.
July 31 at 4 p.m. “Master of the House,” directed by Carl Dreyer.
gain in highway fuel economy for the 3.5-liter version and an extra 1 m.p.g.
As first lady, Mrs. Obama has whirled through designer labels (see any look book) while her husband has talked about help for the middle class and poor, but you won’t find many critics of her approach.
••• Here’s the sad tally from one recent day’s print correction column (10/27).
ran two plays from the seven, putting the ball in the middle of the field, before calling on Alleman.
Representative Michael Burgess, Republican of Texas, offered the measure as an amendment to a 2012 energy and water spending bill .
That transition clearly influences this book.
It costs the United States nearly one billion dollars a year to dispose of food waste.
These include Camelot Highlands Chardonnay, Alisos Hills Syrah and Trace Ridge Cabernet Sauvignon.
Hey Turbomount — next year, how about one that mounts to the arm of your comfy chair?
The district estimated that a property tax increase would bring in almost enough money to pay for the teachers’ wage increase, which is projected to cost $100 million, according to the documents shared between Chicago Public Schools, the mayor’s office and Mr. Emanuel’s team.
(11-0) and Arkansas (10-1), but there seemed to be a lack of seriousness.
The Broncos, who are 3-1 since Tebow became the starter, play the Jets on Thursday, and the Jets’ defense, shaky as it looked against the Patriots on Sunday night, is bound to make running the ball difficult.
Surrounded by reporters at a small round table, Jim Boeheim folded his arms and pronounced himself done talking about “that situation,” the one that he had already weighed in on quite contentiously over the weekend.
Mr. De Niro headed uptown to show off some of his newer listings.
LITTLE BEE, by Chris Cleave.
With a program that is based on a train the trainer model, street soccer and sport for development is a model that has tremendous potential, at a reasonable cost.
“Maybe he’s just trying to get rid of witnesses who saw him shoot the other two guys.” The gunman and his friends got away in the van, but witnesses gave the police a description, and officers pulled it over the next day and arrested Louis Rodriguez , a 29-year-old drug dealer who threw his gun into the East River after the shooting, according to the testimony at trial from one of Mr. Rodriguez’s friends.
Princess Charlene, 33, wore a dress by Chanel for the ceremony on Friday.
The bride is a second-year pediatric dental resident at Baylor College of Dentistry in Dallas.
“I am pleased that the independent committee has been able to refute the substance of the allegations made in the Muddy Waters report,” W. Judson Martin, vice chairman and chief executive of Sino-Forest, said in a statement.
“The process didn’t please anyone,” said Whit Ayres, a Republican pollster, “but it was very clear that the new congressmen elected in 2010 dramatically shifted the debate from how much more shall we spend to how much shall we cut.” In the coming 2012 elections, the strategic calculation for Republican candidates weighing Tea Party ties “depends on the state, depends on the politician and it depends on the particular race,” Mr. Ayres said.
Though a police station is across from the alley on Valencia, organizers have not heard of any arrests in the alley.
They had a 4-year-old child with them; all four were wearing life jackets.
We don’t know the future and can’t know it until it’s no longer the future.
Variation in the wording and order of questions, for example, may lead to somewhat different results.
Leena Rao explains what to look for in a company board.
The academy will cost about $20 million, much of which has been raised, Dalembert said.
Conservatives worry about Nicolas Sarkozy’s ratings, even among their own, and search for a saving message.
Nationwide, immigrants are more likely than their American counterparts to start businesses, according to a 2008 analysis by the federal Small Business Administration.
Its design allows owners to simply swing the whole rack — fully loaded with up to four adult bikes — out to the side to get to the trunk or liftgate.
It has strong language and a scene of sexuality.
Mr. Risen said that he had received no such notification, but that he believed that the Justice Department had been “harassing” him because of his reporting during the Bush administration.
While legally correct, her comment seemed insensitive, according to one seasoned criminal defense lawyer.
In 1960, according to the World Bank , the United States accounted for 39 percent of global economic output.
The government of President Bashar al-Assad refused to send a representative to the foreign ministers’ meeting.
“We were totally different people.” When Ms. Vermeer divorced in 2002, she became the first teacher in her Christian school to do so.
We’re all God’s children.” The 22-year-old Lomax, of Bloomfield, Conn., had been charged with murder, but pleaded no contest to first-degree manslaughter in January.
Could this be the next AMC original series?
And even though it was slightly negative, this index, a fairly reliable indicator of hiring decisions, has been trending downward all year.
But its owner, Tom Chadwick, was confronted with a personnel crisis.
“Freddie Mac came down and sent the head of, head of the division that dealt with us and all these other people, and they decided that they would let us, let us live.” The fraud would last for seven more years, ending in 2009 because Taylor Bean’s principal bank, Colonial Bank of Montgomery, Ala., was itself in danger of failing.
“Land Rover remains committed to a goal of reducing curb weights of its S.U.V.’s by as much as 500 kilos over the next 10 years,” said John Edwards, the global brand director.
Mr. Malema said he would act according to the law in seeking to change the Constitution to allow land confiscation.
“You can argue that in financial products it is still true that a lot of them are sold rather than bought, which puts the stress on distribution,” said Keith Baird at Oriel Securities.
Gal closed with a two-under-par 71 to finish at 16-under 276.
Certain dancers are respected; others are greatly admired.
The exhibition, he continued, reinforces the connection between a strong arts education and the drive to collect.
Speaker John A. Boehner (@SpeakerBoehner) will be sharing his thoughts on Twitter shortly after the speech.
Is there an Unlikely Pairing of the Month prize?
In a 1948 photograph of nine models in satiny gowns arrayed in a neo-classical-style room, the soft, silvery light and the choreography of poses creates a beguiling ambience of transcendental theatricality that looks back to painting of the Rococo era.
But his experience and passing abilities would represent an immediate upgrade for the Knicks, who have only Toney Douglas and Mike Bibby at point guard.
We gathered it up and played it through, just once, and I knew immediately that it was done, it was gorgeous, and we could only make it worse by trying again.
Last week, however, the cars, trucks and buses that are the city’s new source of congestion were cleared away to make room for cyclists.
Dance/NYC is a branch of Dance/USA, a national service organization for professional dance.
As Western democracies contemplate the ravages of debt and recession, in India the global economic crisis has manifested itself this summer as a burning debate about corruption.
In an effort to see and get blessings from as many effigies of the goddess as they can, as well as indulge in some flirtatious eye contact with attractive strangers, the young dress in their best and go “pandal hopping.” The idols make their final journey to the river this Thursday, but there’s still time to check out Kolkata’s best pandals.
The city’s desire to create a continuous waterfront for public use hinges on its acquisition of two warehouses that occupy 8.3 acres and are owned by a subsidiary of the Washington Post Company.
This will mean competing with the United States politically, economically and technologically.
“Is it time to clean up your act?” demanded one member of Parliament.
Defenseman Johnny Oduya’s pinpoint pass was deflected by Atlanta forward Eric Boulton past Lundqvist for his sixth goal.
Newton, we flipped through old binders of photocopied letters, reports, ledgers and photos.
Jacobs said that another way Contador’s ban could have been reduced would be if he gave substantial assistance to antidoping or criminal authorities in pointing out others’ antidoping rules violations or violations of the law.
market could be a drag on the broader economy, as companies forgo cash that could be used to hire workers, The Associated Press reports.
Monday through Friday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and Saturday from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.; closed New Year’s Day.
“We really don’t want to wait in line and miss Thanksgiving.”
“I appointed judges through an extensive process, including a thorough vetting first by the judicial nominating commission and then by my legal staff of the candidates that were nominated to me,” Mr. Richardson said in his statement.
Mark Ingram and Pierre Thomas both scored rushing touchdowns out of the rotation, but it’s Ingram who figures to be the favorite for goal-line duties.
There is a human element to the fitting, too.
pigweed, rough pigweed, redroot pigweed, careless weed, or wild beet, is a tenacious annual that can grow as tall as six feet.
Written by Marc Linder, now a professor of labor law at the University of Iowa, it aimed to provide a Marxian counterpoint to the standard economics of the day.
“We will follow the banks’ handling of the new capital adequacy requirements closely,” Mr. Norman said in the statement.
Michael Meyers, resigned on Friday.
The Gurwin Jewish Nursing & Rehabilitation Center extends sympathy to Fred Sloan, our devoted Board member and friend, on the loss of his beloved sister, Roslyn.
Oh, the muscle-clenching pain of it, as this still inchoate being tries out its lungs, its limbs, its voice.
Mine died in ’84 and Kim’s in ’85.
But both missions were aborted, for fears that it was too unsafe for the Americans or that their involvement could escalate the conflict .
Meanwhile, amid shale booms across the state, questions are increasing about the effects of oil and gas drilling on air pollution.
New York City police officers last year stopped more people on the streets — to question, and sometimes frisk — than in any year since the Police Department began recording the number.
He said investigators do not yet know what sort of vendetta the man might have against the sorority, or even if he has one.
YETKA-EISENBERG--Barbara, passed peacefully on October 14, 2011.
Opaque or translucent films, decals, dot patterns, shades, mesh screens — even nets — are the main options available.
Advertising revenues are mostly flat in developed markets like the United States, where the company operates the Fox television channel.
The Rangers are on such a good run that their demanding coach, John Tortorella, is having trouble finding anything to complain about.
“They don’t have a strategic conflict with their peers.” As for beauty editors and reporters who recommend products?
During the hearing, Mr. Assange, wearing a dark suit and red tie, furiously scribbled notes and passed them to his legal team through a glass partition that separated him from the court during the spirited clashes between the prosecution and defense.
He said that two declined this year to spend less time on the road, and another ran into visa issues.
The game’s first appearance on ESPN represented its transition from broadcast to cable.
There are 11 buttons on the face of the player, and you have to twiddle through a number of menus that just aren't as easy as they should be.
Repeated follow-up will be necessary to keep populations from rebounding.
Damascenes say that they have become so accustomed to hearing slogans chanted in the background, given the almost daily pro-government rallies organized by the government, that it takes a few minutes to register that people are cursing Mr. Assad.
Sounds as if those who mind the vines suffer even more than the vines.
There are also legitimate doubts about the value of sending things to Africa.
I’ve been saying it for years: cooking, even with great ingredients, can be soooo cheap.
The Department of Transportation issued a stern message to the airlines on Monday, when it fined the regional unit of American Airlines , American Eagle, $900,000 for keeping 608 passengers on board 15 different flights for more than three hours at Chicago O’Hare International Airport in May.
The Jets — the 2-2 Jets — have abandoned their running game and failed to protect their quarterback, two entwined notions that Ryan, as well as the few players available Monday, vowed will change.
It kept me going.” In the center of the gazebo lies the four-sided marble sculpture, which represents shock, grief, acceptance and rebuilding.
Showing the ability to parse language, it responded to, “A recent best seller by Muriel Barbery is called ‘This of the Hedgehog,’ ” with “What is Elegance?” It showed its facility with medical diagnosis.
If he can keep up this pace, it’s safe to say that it will be remembered as the best season by a tight end in history.
He said we are experiencing “intense winds whose intensity is expected to pick up.” — JOSEPH GOLDSTEIN — JOSEPH GOLDSTEIN City officials said that between 1 a.m. and 2 a.m., three bridges over Jamaica Bay, in the Rockaways, were closed: the Cross Channel Bridge, the Marine Parkway Bridge and the Broad Channel Bridge.
The campaign has only five paid workers in the state.
A few days ago Google signed an agreement with the publisher Hachette Livre under which tens of thousands of French-language books will be pulled out of ink-on-paper purgatory and provided with a digital afterlife.
In the same period, New York State environmental officials have been weighing whether such drilling should be allowed here.
In the summers I entertain a lot.
“It doesn’t take any ability to hustle,” Collins told the players before issuing the proclamation that he hopes to make a cornerstone of his tenure as manager.
Among the other bubble teams who dropped into the N.I.T.
Known as Drew, he was the younger Mr. Cuomo's campaign pollster and is expected to take a leading role in the new governor's communications effort.
The one here, “Took for Granted” from 2008, remakes Grant Wood’s “American Gothic” from 1930, and feels perfect for a moment in which economic problems dominate the national conversation.
Mr. Fisher has repeatedly proposed a rise in the Fed’s discount rate, at which funds are lent to member banks.
The expected announcement of a new military basing agreement with Australia, the appointment of a full-time American negotiator on North Korea and efforts to resolve disputes over the South China Sea are intended to show that the United States is not ceding anything.
She said she was aware of only one other instance in which a United States attorney tried to seize an artwork involved in a Holocaust-related dispute that was on loan to an American museum.
By 11 a.m., two hours before the start of the parade, the tables were already laden with an abundance of food, including roti bread, lentil stew, spicy chickpeas, samosas and assorted desserts.
The collective dissolved in 2002.
The Illinois tax rate was low before and remains low for big states.
He loved his family (and two grandchildren, Luis and Laila) and was always excited about working on his next journalistic project.
Settling into a table upstairs in the “game room,” which featured old-school pinball machines and photos of Austin High cheerleaders on the wall, the group ordered two pizzas and talked about Goldman’s 25th-birthday celebration the previous night.
You’re sitting like a pretzel, like a pretzel in a tin can.
(See Letters on Page 2 for two views.)
The Police Department, of course, had a much more practical use for the photos, which now sit in the New York City Police Museum and were taken in -- or slightly after -- the era of the rogues' gallery: that pinup collection of dips, perps, murderers and ne'er-do-wells popularized by the 19th-century New York lawman Inspector Thomas F. Byrnes.
The seven men were charged with murder and committing an act of terrorism, a police official said.
In addition to raising about $25,000 for legal fees to petition the Federal Communications Commission block the transaction, Save KUSF pushed the San Francisco Board of Supervisors, the San Francisco Democratic Party, State Senator Leland Yee and other political leaders to condemn the university’s divestment publicly.
The gap between the haves and have-nots has widened sharply.
A capsule look at the Jets’ 29-14 loss to the Giants: Key Performance Rex Ryan perhaps overstated Mark Sanchez’s performance by saying that “there were times when he looked outstanding and there were times that weren’t so good.” When the Jets needed a jolt after halftime, Sanchez responded by committing all three of his turnovers and completing only 12 of 31 passes for 113 yards.
Sergei M. Mironov, the party’s leader, said political opponents distributed newspapers attributing scandalous statements to A Just Russia’s candidates, like one that claimed “the residents of Kursk region greeted the Nazis with bread and salt,” a traditional Russian welcome.
Five Generations When the first branch of the Wildenstein Gallery opened in Paris in 1875, it quickly gained a reputation for selling old masters and 18th-century French painting and sculptures, and later for its impressive stock of Impressionist and Post-Impressionist paintings.
The administration has committed $570 million toward its pledge of $3.5 billion between 2010 and 2012.
But as an urban epiphany, the weekend when Los Angeles became a small town was no small thing.
export terminals are built in the United States.
It’s easy to tell Just So stories about why we are the way we are, but they can’t be proved, and they often collapse under even mild scrutiny.
And, of course, there is always the possibility that things will stay mostly the same, although the cost of maintaining a semblance of the status quo can be steep, as the December tax deal suggests.
Prices can soar; a bottle of Mionetto Sergio Rosé — a softly sparking blend of raboso and lagrein grapes, with notes of grapefruit, cranberry and damask rose — sells in wine shops for about $15 but is $52 here.
“Mark and the others turned the boy around and sent him back the right direction,” Herzlich’s coach, John Vogan, said.
Admiration tends to come before scorn.
A sequence that lasts a second and a half, tops.
Sterling was divorced from his wife, Jennifer, in 2008.
Investors have begun to treat Europe’s big banks as the weak link in the global financial chain because of their huge holdings of bonds issued by debt-laden governments like Italy and Spain .
A few weeks later, at a bar in Dumbo, Randy Hunt and Claire Beaudreault were having a comfortable conversation, so they did what came naturally: They whipped out their cellphones and began communicating with other people.
Mr. Rehn, who had been pushing for tough measures, said he was ''reasonably satisfied with this outcome.''
The death and the birth were so close it made rebuilding her life especially difficult.
The Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index , which has been polling over 1,000 adults every day since January 2008, shows that Americans now feel worse about their jobs — and work environments — than ever before.
1 after a three-week run at the top by Rihanna's ''S&M,'' which more than doubled its download sales from last week, to 293,000.
Several current and former staff members said that a lax policy had allowed students to remain on the rolls even when they failed to log in for days.
We in the news media are in a difficult position.
It does not have to be like this.
The producers make up for a small house by charging premium ticket prices of up to $477; as a result, theatergoers pay far more on average to see “Mormon” – about $170 during Thanksgiving week – than for other Broadway shows.
Fridays, through Aug. 5 at 7:30 p.m. Free.
NAUN--Robert J.,73, died November 24.
But little of it seems traditional: Sunday readings were from an iPhone , contemporary songs replaced hymns, a video screen showed a popular YouTube clip during the sermon and techno music thumped for the recessional.
I’m what they call a “Web producer,” though I also report and write occasional stories.
It does take a couple days to come back from any game that you play.” Williams said he and his teammates were a little sluggish on Sunday and Monday, but by Tuesday there seemed to be a fresh outlook.
The gastronomical subterfuge was revealed in an April 13 post by Quarrygirl.com , a vegan blog, which found that images of conventional foods from a free online stock-photo service were identical to images accompanying supposedly vegan dishes in the magazine and on its Web site.
All in-stock and custom rugs are 20 percent off at Jonathan Adler through Sunday (a 6-by-9-foot orange herringbone rug, originally $1,550, is $1,240); for information and locations: (800) 963-0891 or jonathanadler.com .
If a solution that works for everyone is “crass,” then may this be the Season of Crassness.
At home, they drink wine, listen to Western classical music and speak their minds.
Tuesday at 10 a.m. and noon.
Subscribers will initially be able to pick only 50 songs, which they can store on their phones, to create a profile of their musical tastes.
“Um, I don’t know,” the questioner replied.
I knew she was the one.” Mr. Shah told Ms. Almontaser that he was working at Long Island College Hospital in Brooklyn.
Never had I had such a sense of power!
“There’s sort of this notion that if it’s not broken, why fix it,” Ms. Del Sole said.
Because no effort is ever worth it, not even the effort that produced the Pietà or “Don Giovanni.” This attitude has become the central feature of the last several generations of the young, who increasingly embody the notion that hard work in the name of transcendence is, well, boring, and instead prefer the infantile lures of the digital age.
Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority, $756.4 million of school construction bonds.
He’s not a dirty player.
After shaking off the rust and adjusting to a new generation of paddle, he started playing in the senior circuit.
is in limbo,” said Darrell Campbell, a Philadelphia lineman who played at Notre Dame.
They said museum officials had not made any concerted effort to communicate their latest plans for the remains.
In 1992, France convicted Mr. Ramírez in absentia for the 1975 Paris killings.
The incoming beam is split in two, and hits the medium from two sides.
Floyd King plays the geriatric money-grubber whose imminent demise has caused a mercenary uproar among his nearest and dearest.
Although 1 million people downloaded the original app, barely 10 percent are still using it, said Bill Nguyen, the perennially chipper chief executive and co-founder of Color.
In a typical scene from “Le Freak” he finds himself in the men’s room of a Hell’s Kitchen bar, surrounded by transvestite Diana Ross look-alikes; he wonders about the possibilities of a song that capitalizes on Ms. Ross’s gay audience.
Either dish would be at home on a menu today, although few are as attractive or eloquent as the ones Curtan continues to make for Chez Panisse.
In their statement of claim, the four claimed compensatory or actual damages of roughly $7.6 million and punitive damages in excess of $20 million.
They have four other children who do not figure into the race.
If the surcharge is allowed to expire on July 1, Mr. Lee proposes that the city then tack another 0.5 percent onto its sales tax, making the rate 9 percent.
In politics, it ends only when one dies.” For Mr. Essebsi, politics began in the early 1950s under French colonial rule.
Now, with only a tiny sliver of land standing in the way of an agreement, it was the Bosnians, who had 95 percent of what they wanted, who would not budge.
Parents sometimes use the service as well, if they have children who tend to ignore their calls.
Why is the government doing this?
The thousands of computer-controlled lights flicker in the darkness, generating all kinds of patterns and a fascinating beauty.
The Dodgers insist that it must not be baseball because of Commissioner Bud Selig’s animosity toward Frank McCourt, the team’s owner.
On “Idol” a few weeks ago, Jacob Lusk performed the Luther Vandross weeper “Dance With My Father,” connecting it to the death of his own father and struggling with a couple of emotional hiccups.
“The Prints of Martin Lewis: From the Collection of Dr. Dorrance Kelly.” Through Feb. 26.
He was its fourth producer and moderator, succeeding Lawrence E. Spivak, after serving as a panelist himself.
Once the public has warmed to a specific persona, it can fiercely resist any dismantling of the illusion — which is why Steve Carell’s movie characters shrewdly retain the essence of his alter ego from “The Office,” Michael Scott .
But I’ve heard more comments about the actual soccer than previously, which is a great evolution.” Or as Julie Foudy, a former American captain, put it: “Now, it’s less about, ‘Oh it’s great that women have this opportunity.’ It’s ‘Look how this game has spread.’ ” And yet, this was only the sixth World Cup held for women.
Many pairings also cross language barriers.
NBC was also known to be bidding for the show, which could have included that network’s most valuable news employee, Matt Lauer, the anchor of the “Today” show.
It was a verbal air ball, a sneering dismissal that reinforced every negative perception.
The hurricanes to make landfall in New England in some of our lifetimes -– Agnes in ’72, Gloria in ’85, Bob in ’91 — were weaker or smaller than The Great New England Hurricane of 1938 that hit as a Category 3 storm, causing serious damage from the Mid Atlantic states up to southern Quebec, and killing between 682 and 800 people, damaging or destroying 57,000 homes, and causing damage in today’s dollars of $4.7 billion.
Readers, celebrities, world leaders and a nonprofit advocacy group called Americans for Fairness in Awarding Journalism Prizes are all contributing to the effort.
It was maybe more of a nod to me for organizing the ball.
The situation became only more complicated for mixed-race actors like herself, she said.
“Do we care more about security and fighting the Taliban, or about drugs and corruption?” said the official, who would discuss the internal debate only on the condition of anonymity.
A controversial research report suggested Jefferies had significant exposure to European debt and too little capital if things got worse — claims the firm adamantly denied.
State media reported that the raids had turned up evidence that one unnamed organization received $100 million in unauthorized foreign funds and used it to pay 750 illiterate people and laborers $200 a day, a significant sum here.
Work is going smoothly, builders say, though there are hitches.
The technology has just opened it up.” Mr. Brown did, in fact, use an iPhone.
And a rule against loud humming of pre-disco Bee Gees hits — also not appropriate, though that is about the noise, not the Bee Gees.
“Do we have an alternative for the president, do we have the knowledge and wisdom of running the country ourselves?” he asked.
After eight successful title defenses, Hernandez gave up his super featherweight crown in November 1994 to fight Oscar De La Hoya for the lightweight championship in Las Vegas in September 1995.
By definition, the club has negligible walk-up sales, but it tries to attract new fans through limited sales of $7 tickets to three lawn sections behind the outfield.
“There are going to be opportunities, but we’re not going to see China buying up Europe,” said Thilo Hanemann, research director at the Rhodium Group, an investment advisory and strategic planning firm in New York.
The most ambitious project on the horizon is the Contemporary International Practical Exhibition of Architecture.
480 : 592, height: typeof NYTD.Blogs.Ads.XXL != "undefined" ?
The alternative is to do the hard work of turning around Yahoo.
Lessons nonetheless have a way of creeping into its text.
Texans elected a State Senate on a court-drawn map in 1992, on a court-approved map redrawn by the Legislature in 1994 and then on another map that resulted from a court settlement in 1995.
With elections set for Sunday in Spain in more than 8,000 municipalities and 13 of its 17 regions, thousands of people, most of them young, have taken to the streets in Madrid, Barcelona and other large cities this week, calling for an end to suspected longstanding corruption among established parties.
''I'd like to think the incentive payments had little impact,'' he added.
Missing the Olympic team by just one spot had left him heartbroken and deflated.
Then there is the issue of a control group, whose members would have continued with their S.S.R.I.’s but not exercised.
Infinity Hall, 20 Greenwoods Road.
The controversy around Mr. Cain, which intensified as the week wore on, is not likely to subside as long as differing accounts keep emerging.
But would Aalto, the famous modernist who designed with such assurance — and so few pompoms?
The highest court in the European Union said on Thursday that Internet service providers could not be required to monitor their customers’ online activity to filter out the illegal sharing of music and other copyrighted material.
It should be noted, though, that a properly cut model will accommodate little more than a dress shirt and a light sweater: no suit jacket, no bulky knits and no carbs.
All are troubling losses in a country where rampant unemployment, especially in more remote areas, is seen as a real security risk.
CONTACT: Kathy Hovermale and Marilyn Stoner, Cascade Sotheby’s International Realty (541) 419-6778 / (541) 815-4757; sothebysrealty.com BOSTON﻿ WHAT: A two-bedroom, two-bath condo in an 1850 carriage house HOW MUCH: $649,900 SIZE: 950 square feet (estimated) PER SQUARE FOOT: $684.10 SETTING: Beacon Hill is a half-mile-square neighborhood on the Charles River Basin.
Those phones, however, will not be for sale until an unspecified point next year.
Blazers with contrasting piping, windbreakers with epaulets, and knock-about madras sneakers are collection staples.
“Round gobies are a good example of how an invasive species can have a foot in two worlds,” said Joel Brammeier, president of the Alliance for the Great Lakes , who spoke this month at a conference on invasive species at the University of Chicago.
The News-Press is a weekly with a circulation of just under 30,000 that is given out free near Washington Metro stops.
It’s one of those startling and rare celebrity memoirs that manage to be funny and touching and even inspirational, without making you want to hurl.
“We will never deal with the traitor group of Lee Myung-bak.” President Lee’s government had refused to express official condolences to North Korea after Kim Jong-il’s death.
Trying to play through pain, Werth was a shell of himself, hitting .234 with little power.
He hasn’t said much of anything in defense of the hotel maid who accused the former managing director of the International Monetary Fund, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, of sexual assault, and he recently wrote a column in The Daily News expressing regret for some of his actions during the Crown Heights race riots 20 years ago.
It’s hard to imagine that we’ll ever see another 15 years of blockbuster, culture-changing hits like the iMac, iPod, iPhone and iPad, from Apple or anyone else, David Pogue writes on his blog, Pogue’s Posts.
This is not a paltry sum, but hardly enough to retire and live out the rest of his life unemployed.
The letter, sent to investors in the firm’s offshore fund, notes that the investing landscape has been schizophrenic as market participants veer between fear of being taken out in the decline and concern about missing out on an opportunity.
“We appreciate your service.” It makes her happy.
Kawainui Marsh, the island’s largest.
Fallah moved like a hunted man.
4:06 p.m. | Updated Marian McPartland, the jazz pianist, is stepping down as the host of the “Piano Jazz” after more than three decades on the air, said a spokeswoman for NPR, Anna Christopher.
The bulk of theatrical revenue for most major studio films comes in the first few weeks of release.
The second O in Google doesn’t have the right yellow gradient.
“I find that the turtleneck has one of the chicest silhouettes,” Ms. Roy said later by phone.
Her BlackBerry didn’t get reception there, she said, “and I had no choice but not to check it — it was very freeing.” Now she doesn’t check e-mail at all during vacations, and if there is an urgent situation, people can contact her assistant, who knows how to reach her.
Wales assistant coach Neil Jenkins said the team “will probably take the medicine that’s been given to us.”
Hit hard by imports of cheaper fish from China, the catfish industry is on pace this year to process half as much fish as it did at its peak in 2003.
Robert Bohr, an early sommelier, was a partner in the late, lamented Cru and is now a high-profile wine consultant.
American officials had said early on that reactors in the United States would be safe from such disasters because they were equipped with new, stronger venting systems.
During this year’s Super Bowl on Feb. 6, Twitter users set a new record by sending 4,064 messages each second, the highest number of messages per second recorded during any sporting event.
Each weekday morning, we gather them together here so you can quickly scan the news that could hit you in your wallet.
But financial firms are still inconsistent when reporting this perversity.
And who can argue with them?
“I don’t see this as Armageddon,” he said.
When we reached 86th Street, Meyer asked, “Smell it?” I did.
One of Phillips’s eulogists wrote that while his books “may not survive him many years,” his “eager eye to the future and clear voice for what he saw there” should be honored.
Mr. Hadzic, a former warehouse worker, was little known in Serbia before the war that began in 1991, when rebel Serbs, with the help of Belgrade, seized one-third of Croatia to turn it into territory for Serbs only.
Friday, 6 to 8 p.m.
Union officials warned that the strike could be the first of a series of walkouts here in the next few months, reflecting growing unhappiness over layoffs, salary freezes, tax increases and a persistently sluggish economy.
After that, he took batting practice on the field, a cadre of Mets coaches leaning against the backstop behind him.
“Suzanne is willing to take very specific directions about timing and placement.
WALL STREET JOURNAL Blackstone Turns to Managing Loans | As buyout activity slows, the Blackstone Group and Ares Management are turning toward managing credit, particularly European collateralized loan obligations, Bloomberg News reports.
Adam Rapp won’t have me to kick around anymore.
The Redskins will rely on the running game, which looked promising in the preseason.
Growing up in a home where holding secrets was an effective strategy for dealing with painful subjects, Ms. Wasserstein learned powerful lessons about the tricky business of revealing and concealing the stories of our lives.
That is the biggest two-week withdrawal since another jittery two weeks in March last year.
(The takeover, if successful, would let the News Corporation finally consolidate Sky’s growing profits on its balance sheet.)
While the show’s premise nods to celebrated acting teachers like Stella Adler and to extreme, emotion-based techniques like the Method, specifics are left aside in favor of merciless riffs on codified approaches to art.
He told Mr. Obama as much himself on Thursday, turning from the lectern to look straight in the president’s face and say, “I understand well the demands of this mission.” General Allen has a reputation as a strategic thinker, and he holds advanced degrees from Georgetown University and the National War College.
For example, when Arum and Raksa published their results, many concluded that college teachers need to raise standards in their courses, requiring more hours of study and assigning longer papers.
Reinstate Glass-Steagall and eliminate Dodd-Frank.
TNT said it would show sneak peeks of the new “Dallas” during the season-premiere episodes of “The Closer” and “Rizzoli & Isles” on Monday, with the show scheduled to make its own premiere next summer.
I don’t mind a few abbreviations in a grid as long as they’re well-known and don’t overwhelm the puzzle.
The Ivy League has never had two teams invited to the N.C.A.A.
Also on Mr. Obama’s Manhattan schedule were a fund-raiser at the Waldorf-Astoria and a concert at the Town Hall theater for his young supporters featuring the Roots, a hip-hop band.
The poll found that Mr. Gingrich is drawing more than twice as much support as Mr. Romney among men and those who identify themselves as conservative.
Players who meet the following criteria and do not sign new deals will take part in the first stage of the re-entry process next Monday: ¶ Players who are at least 23 years old and have a minimum of three years experience in M.L.S.
This Thursday’s entertainer is Stacey Peasley, a children’s musician and composer from the Boston area.
The following Life Report was submitted in response to my column of Oct. 28, in which I asked readers over 70 to write autobiographical essays evaluating their own lives.
A burst of pace from Antonio Valencia down the right flank, a wonderful pass from the center circle into the wings by Darron Gibson, led to a Valencia goal after 16 minutes.
“There’s a new breed of supporter, and with Groupon and others, there’s some serious new money in town, and I think that’s what we’re seeing here,” said Richard Longworth, a senior fellow at the Chicago Council on Global Affairs who was a longtime participant in the Chicago Humanities Festival.
It requires a deft balance between the zeal of young prospects awaiting a chance and the disillusionment of older players who have used theirs up.
In the journal Nature Communications, Dr. Reppert reports that this is indeed the case.
Ms. Iaccaci, traveling with a companion, had just one quibble after an officer communicated the admissions policy.
“It throws overboard freedom of religion.” Other Jewish experts agree.
“That’s the nature of the players we’ve got and the owners.
He was beaten far too often last season, both over the top and especially on slants.
“It’s a feeling of excitement, power — greatness even.” Rex Arcenio, a Filipino optometrist, accepted a gold card because it came with a Montblanc pen and a limousine ride to the airport for his annual leave.
Are there any more virtuosic pictures than Goya's fish or Manet's asparagus?
The appeals court held that the city had done all that was required under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which obliges employers to make “reasonable accommodation” to an employee’s religious needs.
For weeks, Mr. Romney has been increasing the tenor of his criticism about Mr. Perry’s position on Social Security.
Wednesdays through Sundays, noon to 5 p.m. Hudson River Museum, 511 Warburton Avenue.
THE WISE MAN’S FEAR, by Patrick Rothfuss.
The error in economists’ forecasts of the payrolls number, and the error in the figure as originally reported by the government versus the revised number, tend to have a compounding effect.
Yet in a series of meetings over the past two years, more or less, aides have confronted Mr. Putin with evidence that Russia’s pre-eminence in the world of oil will not last if the current imposition of exceptionally high taxes on oil companies is left in place over the next decade.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY COLIN HACKLEY FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A18) MAPS: Spiraling Costs of the Military Pension Program: While a vast majority of those who serve in the military get no pension at all, the amount that the federal government contributes to military pensions has tripled since 2000 and is now larger than the entire military payroll.
Dec. 3, 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Free.
She draws the racket back almost languidly, coils her body and vaults skyward, her legs driving the racket head at blinding speed as she clobbers an ace up the T at 120 miles an hour.
James accepts this with quiet dignity.
Slaughter, who will move to New York from London at the end of the third quarter, is currently JPMorgan’s head of corporate coverage for Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
Other players trickled in; most kept their tinted windows up and drove through a news media stakeout at the security gate as fast as possible.
“Even Wal-Mart is closed,” he said.
Everything Sorokin’s oprichniks do is a transaction, but their love of country runs deep.
I understand where to miss shots because it’s important to know how to leave the ball in good spots.
Their parents opposed the idea two years ago when the girls proposed home-schooling, but now they are converts.
It’s possible to reap many of the benefits of direct investment by holding shares in multinational corporations based in the United States.
The Texans finished with five team sacks and eight quarterback hits and hounded Big Ben into two interceptions on the final drive (the first was called back by a roughing-the-passer penalty).
Since then, the department has frozen payments of Mr. Brown’s allowance, a move that Mr. Rosinski characterized as retribution.
Numerous studies dating back at least two decades have explored the idea of a link.
Today’s MoMA visitors are less likely to share Rivera’s politics, even if they appreciate his public-mindedness.
To talk about all this without bringing up safety would be negligent.
He will always be remembered for his love of the New York Giants, the Arts, sailing, skiing, and especially for sharing these experiences with family and extended family.
THE BUTCHER, THE CHEF AND THE SWORDSMAN Opens on Friday nationwide.
And on Sunday at least one place will even encourage it.
The numbers are for the most part still relatively small, but they do show a growing willingness by consumers to pay for digital newspaper editions.
It was the second time this week that Comtel Air passengers had been asked to come up with cash to complete their journeys.
Younger people aren’t ready for $200 to $300 jeans, so we carry a pretty broad range starting at $85.
Whole grains should be the first ingredient of starchy foods like bread, rice or pasta.
But if such a future sounds alarmingly sketchy and full of space age sou’westers, have no fear.
Someone is apparently trying to burn down vacant, but once grand, Art Deco buildings in Miami Beach, home to one of the world’s largest collection of such buildings.
Still, there is no real indication that the culture is changing just because a few more foreign women are traveling there.
“Using the slot portfolio more efficiently provides the option to launch new long-haul routes to key trading nations.” Mr. Walsh warned that there was an “urgent need” to restructure B.M.I., which lost £153 million in 2010 before tax and is expected to record another significant loss for 2011.
“It’s not a scary figure,” Mr. Eustis said.
Their prospects in a federal court fight may be less cheery than the Republicans believe.
Mr. Kiiru regrets the vastly diminished populations of the mythic birds of Kikuyu tribal culture, like buzzards, owls and hawks.
It has set out to develop closer ties simultaneously with Israel, Syria and Iran.
Instead, her intense, pale stare hauntingly recalls her brilliant but troubled father, front man for Nirvana, who committed suicide in 1994, when she wasn’t yet 2.
“Because I support what people are doing here,” he said.
Small, balding and relentlessly upbeat, he balances the books, negotiates the contracts and cheerfully presides over sparsely attended Town Hall meetings, rolling out his latest cost-saving measures, his reading glasses invariably dangling around his neck.
“We spend a lot of our lives laughing.” On July 24 they were married in the backyard of Crabtree’s Kittle House, a restaurant full of antiques and creaky wooden floors in Chappaqua, N.Y.
To allow an apples-to-apples comparison, companies offer a conversion number that tells digital users what the equivalent lens would be on a 35-millimeter film camera.
Asomugha had an off day, but he’ll find his elite form soon.
He found himself shuttled in and out of jail and ended up spending the bulk of his time teaching and writing far from the court.
Art Ken Johnson It has been almost 23 years since the demise of West Germany's Anti-Fascist Protection Rampart or, as it was more popularly known, the Berlin Wall.
Although the criminal case has not moved forward, Wright’s family last week filed two civil lawsuits accusing the authorities of mishandling the investigation.
As I type this, I am surrounded by so many piles of paper — and so many word-processing docs — covered with so many words that are so deeply wrong.
One option is to persuade your politicians to say no to the austerity plan set forth by the euro zone and the International Monetary Fund.
Regulation, safety, comfort — they cost money, and there is no money here.” In ODESSA: Genius and Death in a City of Dreams (Norton, $27.95), Charles King charts the tumultuous history of the Black Sea port best known as the inspiration for Pushkin and the setting for Sergei Eisenstein’s revolutionary masterpiece “Battleship Potemkin.” King, a professor of international affairs and government at Georgetown University, describes how the city came into being as the main port of Catherine the Great’s province of New Russia and a bulwark against the Ottoman Empire, then grew to glory under the administrative genius of a Spanish nobleman, José Pascual Domingo de Ribas y Boyons, and a Russian aristocrat, Mikhail Semyonovich Vorontsov.
The initial commercials in the new campaign use exaggerated humor to depict some difficult, and possibly unpleasant, methods of saving money.
In 1982 he moved to a one-bedroom on the third floor, and by 1985 he was sharing the space with his new wife, Anne Valentino, a psychologist who had looked familiar when he saw her at the Cafe Dante in Greenwich Village; they discovered they lived in the same neighborhood.
Business organizations clamor for tax cuts as the solution to any problem they face.
“The Ad Council is definitely the gold standard of a partnership to have,” said Joe Daniels, president and chief executive of the memorial.
GRAPHICS: United States 2009 (MM40); ABOVE: The evolution of China's export economy: China, 1975; China 1985; China 1995; China 2009 (GRAPHICS BY CÉSAR A. HIDALGO and ALEX SIMOES) (MM41)
The other day, in his new corporate office in Midtown, he said his model for this crossover act was, as always, Mr. Brown.
“The nation, then, is a big tribe,” Colonel Qaddafi wrote in his magnum opus, “The Green Book.” Tribes continued to be a major influence for Libyans, who voted along tribal lines in Colonel Qaddafi’s people’s congresses.
“They met fierce resistance and had to withdraw,” Mr. Gallal said.
And some — like streamlining regulation, investing in job training and allowing gifted young immigrants to fill so-called STEM jobs (in science, technology, engineering and mathematics) that can’t be filled by Americans — echo proposals set forth by Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg of New York in a 2010 speech about promoting long-term economic growth.
10:17 p.m. | Updated Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said Tuesday that it was time for Washington to take serious steps to address the federal deficit, starting with a measure certain to be unpopular with some of his financial industry friends: a change to the way that hedge fund managers are taxed.
Samuel Pepys reported in 1665 that the worst outbreak of the plague emptied London of everyone except the poor.
Sitting at the end of the bed, he babbled and said the bed was spinning.
You select a state or type in a ZIP code or city name and choose from a list of 20 activities, like camping, “RVing,” hiking, horseback riding and caving.
This month, as a result of wide-ranging budget cuts passed this year by the Democratic-controlled Legislature, Washington became the only state in the nation with no statewide tourism office and no state money to promote itself to travelers.
“That’s why this is estimated at $400 to $600.
Forever in my heart, thoughts and prayers.
They both look a little less tough.
The cafe could also be called Fresh and Green, since the restaurant has been certified by the national nonprofit Green Restaurant Association.
In war, one never asks whom one faces at the other end of the gun.
Perhaps the most pointed of the evidence backing up AT&T’s claim was an e-mail sent by Cellular South’s chief executive, Hu Meena, asking for demands that would head off opposition to the deal.
benefits, eight of the 10 biggest aid recipients were for-profit institutions, together raking in $1 billion.
to start this season, Keisel, his best friend, provided a comic diversion.
(Rosenberg) ★ Portland Museum of Art: ‘John Marin: Modernism at Midcentury’ (through Oct. 10) This excellent show focuses on the last two decades of Marin, a painter whom many at the time — the ’30s and ’40s — considered the greatest living American artist.
Edythe is survived by her husband of 63 years, Herbert, their son Leonard, daughter Ellen, and grandchildren Tommy and Sophie.
In the past week, it nudged past “Men” to rank as the top-rated comedy.
With or without Libya, Qatar’s energy tentacles are still expected to aim for new corners.
“Visions of Gingerbread III: The Sweetest Architects” is on view through Dec. 18; voting for “fan favorite” can be done at the museum or online.
The book begins with a notation made by Barney in the margin of the copy of Mark Twain’s “Life on the Mississippi” he was reading while waiting for the birth of his second son, John.
He met with the head of the local Palestinian Christian parish.
Vostu says that it believes Zynga opened up those discussions “under the guise of starting a strategic relationship to learn about the Brazilian social gaming market,” but then later used the information it had obtained to introduce its own games in Brazil.
Services by Menorah Chapels at Millburn, 2950 Vauxhall Road, Union, NJ.
Watch them in action and vote for the one you think killed.
Their metamorphoses between scenes are achieved in full view of the audience, as the performers change clothes, apply simulated wounds and wash off blood from previous scenes.
“This case is about upholding one of the most fundamental principles in our system of justice — the obligation of every witness to provide truthful and direct testimony in judicial proceedings,” she said in the statement.
At a Tepco briefing on Wednesday, tempers ran high among reporters.
Participants must take a course on Cuban culture and have mastered Spanish, as classes are taught in the native tongue.
But it has its moments, and his story about the odd contributions certain relatives made to his mother’s funeral makes you realize that “Laugh at My Pain” is the perfect title for this film and the tour that produced it.
Eight men — the four who landed on Long Island and another four who arrived in Florida — were arrested before any sabotage could be carried out, and Seaman Cullen became a hero.
“You will see players excelling more between the ages of 25 and 30 than from 20 to 25,” she said Friday.
But let’s start with Mr. Klain’s central question: how much difference does campaign strategy make in determining the outcome of presidential elections?
The license meant everything to me — it would let me drive, fly and work.
“People, when they interact with us separately, would say we’re really kind of different,” Matt says.
He flapped; the ball struck his left arm, then a post and plopped into the net.
Even the construction workers building the stadium may well have been drawn from other tasks.
“With the assistance of a receptionist and another dentist associated with the practice, detectives at 2:00 a.m. today found records at the dentist’s office that established the suspect’s name and address.
On Monday against Northern Illinois, with one player injured and another suspended, Hoiberg used a six-man rotation until the final seconds of a 72-63 victory.
Films of the two-act Romantic ballet “Giselle” go back almost 80 years.
In one brilliantly executed early scene, Brandon stands by as his boss (James Badge Dale), a boorish would-be ladies’ man, fails spectacularly to pick up a pretty blonde at a bar.
Maybe it’s actually a 30-team league.
He also found himself in demand on the speaker circuit and among would-be entrepreneurs as a source of advice — and noticed that he was cautioning people about the same basic mistakes over and over again.
But the visits to Campinas continued and the relationship grew.
Family-size apartments are very popular in these areas, especially among Manhattanites seeking more space.
But if a person who is announced as a prize winner dies before receiving it at the Nobel ceremonies on Dec. 10 — the anniversary of the death of Alfred Nobel, the Swedish industrialist who endowed the prizes — the award remains valid.
Crosby, who remains the league’s leading scorer with 66 points, was sidelined after taking hits to the head in back-to-back games.
“We have no illusions that we have to improve the standing of the Free Democrats,” Mr. Lindner said at the time.
If Botswana exercises that option, Anglo American’s biggest share would be limited to 75 percent.
“Now women need the same thing: an assistant at work and a stay-at-home husband or at least a husband who’s very flexible and supportive.
Inspired by the experiences of Kenneth B. Schwartz, a Boston health care lawyer who died of cancer in 1995 at age 40, the Schwartz Center for Compassionate Healthcare has for the last 15 years run a program known simply as Schwartz Rounds.
Nov. 3 at 8 p.m. $30 and $35.
“All five of you?” All five, mother, father and three girls, in an Econoline.
Also take a visor and a bottle of water, which you can refill at the various public fountains (rather than pay Rodeo Drive prices for a fresh supply).
A former executive at Thomson Reuters, he says he was struck by the high quality of the articles.
While living in Washington, Mr. Evans had spent his winters in Seattle researching the historical origins of the counterculture.
First, there was a cocktail reception, with the usual lineup of television cameras, photographers and reporters.
I'm wary of the eager and energetic ''help'' that Elka would be willing to provide (though she would be a good stick gatherer and bucket carrier!)
He told the court that the accusations “made here sound like they can only be possible in a movie,” which prompted the judge, Ekatrina Trendofila, to order him to sit down and listen to her.
And the protesters in Bahrain were confronted Thursday morning by riot police officers who rushed into the main square in Manama firing tear gas and concussion grenades.
In the case of the broadband network, not a single county or municipality has signed a formal contract to use the system.
These changes were held up as concessions.
The guess here is Garcia gets yanked, if not next week, then certainly by next month.
But it is impossible for the reporter to turn around.
When a bird flies into the net, the net bulges out and then the bird drops below the string and into one of the shelves, where it becomes trapped until we release it.
“We were looking for wedding gowns,” Ms. Wheeler said, standing in front of a sea of sleeping bags and tarps and speaking over the thump of drum circles.
A society with a multiethnic, multilingual, multireligious empire under its belt and 80 years of experience as a constitutional republic, Turkey has managed to create its own passage to democracy, however flawed.
There was no resolution to the standoff between the Giants and the All-Pro defensive end Osi Umenyiora, but his agent, Tony Agnone, said Tuesday that “quite a few teams” have shown interest in Umenyiora, and he expected the situation to be sorted out quickly.
Call that some kind of irony.
Vinyl Japanese action figures and vintage Godzillas crowd the shelves, and even the furniture, some of which Mr. Lynn designed, is playful, charged with color and much of it made of plastic.
Every time she builds a fire, it causes “inner conflict,” she said.
Slim is a creditor and a shareholder of the New York Times Company.)Ms.
Such receipts have a thermal-sensitive layer that, when heated, produces color.
The committee was advised by Barclays Capital, Evercore Partners and the law firms Kirkland & Ellis and Jones Day.
The Packers-Lions game began 10 minutes ago.
A majority of the company’s owners contend that they are being victimized by their board’s refusal to entertain a buyout offer from a competitor, Cumulus Media .
One’s got the trunk and says it’s a snake.
Earnings in construction, for example, fell by 5 percent, the analysis found.
He was an infantryman and pilot for the German forces during World War I.
“They come for the ghosts; they leave with a good dose of history.” Two dozen people gathered in the silent building at dusk recently, a mix of young and old, including teenagers with cellphones and purple nail polish, and curious retirees.
Mr. Obama alluded to the “Groundhog Day” quality of the proceedings, when he joked to photographers at the beginning of the session, “this is the same shot you had yesterday, except we’re wearing ties today.” Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, who was not wearing a tie on either day, supplied one of the rare moments of levity when she said that she had sent flowers to former President George W. Bush for his birthday.
The schedule for Friday is ambitious enough that it has its own logo, designating it as “William and Kate: The Royal Wedding Presented by TLC.” Eight hours of coverage is to be accompanied by a live viewing party in Times Square that will use four giant screens in Duffy Square.
The rankings are determined by the number of problems per 100 vehicles; the lower the number, the better.
Interment to immediately follow at Mount Lebanon Cemetery, Glendale, NY.
Mr. Gyorgy certainly has enough technique for the piece, and he played it with panache, as he did Liszt’s equally popular “Campanella.” Liszt helped disseminate the orchestral and vocal music of his time with hundreds of transcriptions and paraphrases for the piano, including the “Rigoletto” Paraphrase inspired by Verdi’s opera.
The latest United Nations population figures provide a dramatic glimpse of how the demographic map of the planet is being reshaped.
“I think Serena right now is playing about 49 or 50 percent, so I think it will be a while before she gets back to where she should be at,” said Richard Williams, her father and coach.
Orpheum Theater, 126 Second Avenue, at Eighth Street, East Village, (800) 982-2787, ticketmaster.com .
But he said he doubted that stemming evaporation would be a big selling point for floating solar panels since irrigation ponds did not lose that much water to evaporation.
The pages of “Rock Dreams” rivaled the inner gatefold of “Exile on Main Street” as the marijuana-cleaning surface of choice for an entire generation.
PAUL MOTIAN QUARTET , Village Vanguard, May 18.
Fire Department officials did not respond to requests for comment or information about the state of some of the emergency-help boxes.
On Zurich’s popular Gold Coast — lakeside towns like Zollikon and Küsnacht that got their nickname because they get a lot of sunlight in the afternoons — apartments typically start at 10,000 Swiss francs per square meter, or $1,120 per square foot.
“The generous contributions from Americans across the nation prove the overwhelming support for Governor Perry’s principled, conservative leadership and vision to get America working again,” Mr. Perry’s campaign manager, Rob Johnson, said.
On Friday, Announce was scratched by the stewards on the advice of the track veterinarian minutes before the Filly and Mare Turf after sustaining an injury to her hock.
There would be a run on banks in peripheral countries.
Mr. Bock, who died in November, is best known for “Fiddler on the Roof” (1964), which won nine Tony Awards and became a theater staple throughout the world.
Museum of the Moving Image, 35th Avenue at 37th Street, Astoria, Queens, (718) 784-0077, movingimage.us ; $12.
Ten years ago, 24 children from Public School 86 in the Bronx went on an unlikely trip to the Aland Islands, a Swedish-speaking archipelago in Finland, with their music teacher, Johanna Grussner.
It makes sense to sit him down in a lost season, writes Dan Graziano on ESPN.com , but the kick-a-villain week theme sort of requires him to play, doesn’t it?
''We're bringing local tourism beyond the big districts of a city,'' Mr. Chesky said.
Brokers: Corcoran Group; City Connections.
Information and purchase: (617) 227-4392 and beaconhillgardenclub.org .
Jerry Brown, Democrat of California, for wage cuts and an end to fiscal gimmicks, adding, “Sound familiar?” “Democratic governors and Republican governors now look to New Jersey as a beacon of hope,” Mr. Christie said.
In 1779, Samuel Crompton, a retiring genius from Lancashire, invented the spinning mule, which made possible the mechanization of cotton manufacture.
I don’t know why, but I guess it’s healing.”
You testified for your girl.” McMurray’s complaints against Daniels continued.
Most selections lend themselves to sharing, a plus for patrons who enjoy a variety of tastes.
Things settled down after that, though, as Jenna and her friends — the hilariously blunt Tamara (Jillian Rose Reed) and the bespectacled but gorgeous Asian nerd, Ming (Jessica Lu) — did weekly battle with boyfriends, cheerleaders, parents and a spectacularly clueless guidance counselor (the excellent Desi Lydic).
Each one, derived from photographs of friends but incorporating Ms. Odutola’s features, looks to have been weaved from strips of dark, ductile, sinewy material, then finished with hair-fine details.
DEGAS AND THE NUDE This sure-to-be-blockbuster, organized with the Musée d’Orsay, explores the Impressionist’s appreciation of the female form with some 175 works in all media.
Well, we are all going to die, but hopefully later, rather than sooner.”
Deep into the night, Jackson, who became a born-again Christian in the 1970s, begins to introduce a cover of ''Dust on the Bible.''
Some of the cases could have been caused by the bacteria’s entering parts of the drinking water system, according to the health authorities in the German state of Hesse and the Robert Koch Institute, the German federal institution responsible for disease control.
Some buy and wear their own bulletproof vests.
It’s a predicament she does not find amusing.
However, as Weitz told me, “the moment you train a camera on someone, especially a film camera, you say they are worthy of being paid attention to, and it elicits sympathy.
Defense lawyers have, in turn, been unhappy with the prosecution.
Facing television cameras moments after his election, he was still wearing a nametag on his lapel.
It was not clear how many fighters were involved in that operation.
Surprisingly, in Nathan Hull’s bare-bones but vibrant production they came across as genuinely clever and funny ones.
Tourists have yet to return in significant numbers to either country.
Meanwhile, the Tigers’ defense continued its opportunistic ways.
On the simplistic side are all the books that are being pushed on me because I browsed the Amazon listings for “True Grit,” the Charles Portis novel that inspired the new movie, and the best-selling first volume of the “Autobiography of Mark Twain.” Because both books have a Southern, old-timey feel to them, the critical automatons inside the Web classed me as some sort of drawling son of Dixie who re-enacts the battle of Shiloh on weekends.
Tour times for July and August are Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday, 9:15 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.; and Wednesday, 1:15 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. Tour times in September and October are Monday and Friday, 9:15 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.; Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, 1:15 p.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Mr. Bloomberg’s expenditure of more than $100 million on his campaign for a third term was repeatedly raised in testimony.
The airlines had fought the rule, arguing that it would lead to more canceled flights and seriously complicate their efforts to operate in bad weather.
2'') has not one leading lady but two, she compares the device to double plotting in literature: ''In George Eliot's 'Daniel Deronda' is it Deronda or Gwendolen Harleth who is most important; in Tolstoy's 'War and Peace' is it the Pierre story or the Natasha story that grips us tighter?
But while the debate over how to fix the Greek economy has played out in public, the ways in which this slump is tearing at the country’s social fabric are less well known.
To paraphrase the labor martyr Joe Hill, the left should stop mourning its recent past and start organizing to change the future.
Common amenities include a rooftop garden and a children’s play area.
All last week, Rodgers deflected attempts to compare him to past or present greats.
The Moment caught up with Wujek recently in New York to talk about dessert dressing, celebrity and why pop stars have more fun.
“I know what I have to do in the off-season, and I have a plan,” he said.
The area thrived during the gold and silver rushes of the 19th century, filled with saloons, hotels and stores catering to miners headed for the surrounding mountains.
The former partners operated seven restaurants — Marea, Alto, Convivio, Osteria Morini and Ai Fiori in Manhattan, as well as Due Mari and Due Terre, both in New Jersey.
AMENITIES Though the recording studios are the hotel’s most innovative feature, few guests probably use them.
The shared machines in the 23-story building’s four laundry areas “tore up” his clothes, he said.
In ''Serpico,'' at midnight, Al Pacino stars as a whistle-blowing cop who uncovers police corruption.
“Everybody was like, ‘What are you doing working here?’ And I go, “Well, I get a good discount,’ ” she said, adding that her daughter Tricia, 30, is getting married in March and that Delhi will be doing the flowers.
The new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau wants to hear from you .
Pirelli are well known as a supplier to the higher end of the automotive market — the luxury cars, sports cars — and have been renowned for that positioning in the market for many years.
“And then I got a call that it had been accepted to Toronto, and they asked me to come, and I said, ‘Why would I come to promote a movie I didn’t like?’ Then Ben Foster called me and said: ‘Woody, you’ve got to man up, this is family.
“They did not give any clarity on a potential timeline for an I.P.O.,” said Scott Kessler, an analyst with Standard & Poor’s.
and Cars 2, fairly represent the market’s approach to new readers.
''It's possible that Mr. Hastings has placed too much stock in his store of dry facts,'' Mr. Rich wrote.
By the reign of Emperor Claudius, he says, Rome had an astounding 159 public holidays a year, about three a week.
He was named Publisher of Magazine Development Group.
Is it clear to everyone that this is something OWS wants?
EASTON Easton Public Library “Correlations,” paintings and collages by Carol Nipomnich Dixon.
Wall Street is often a hire ’em, fire ’em kind of place, but the latest round of layoffs went deeper than the usual cull of underperformers.
But once I explain my motives, they are so happy it’s almost funny.
Afghan officials appeared conscious of this, noting in an addendum to the list that if the force was not ready to replace security companies “disbanded” as a result of the investigation, those companies should turn over their functions to firms with no offenses.
And if business is as brisk as people say it is, by the time Art Basel ends on Sunday, Mr. Feldmann may have made another $100,000, and probably more.
But “appropriate” and “good” depend on context.
“More and more Americans are better understanding that we are truly in a world economy, and that the largest other player in that economy is China,” he said.
(Jeannette Catsoulis) ‘Arthur Christmas’ (PG, 1:37) This smart, likable animated Christmas tale centers on Santa’s two sons, Arthur and Steve, and one present that didn’t get delivered.
Analysts said that Wall Street’s drop was also a carryover from last week’s disappointing report on United States unemployment and from news that major American banks were facing a federal lawsuit related to their handling of mortgage securities.
The next day Ms. Ceccarelli broke up with the man she had been seeing, and by March 2001 she and Mr. Coburn were engaged.
The trial of Barry Bonds has always been more than a simple case of pursuing a bad guy and proving that he lied.
Tonga, drawn in Pool A, has the honor of kicking off the tournament against the host, New Zealand, on Sept. 9 but is probably the least likely of the three Pacific island sides to make it beyond the pool stages.
RUTGERS 67, WEST VIRGINIA 58 Chelsey Lee hit a go-ahead 3-point play with 1:02 to play and host Rutgers rallied from a 9-point second-half deficit to defeat No.
SCOTT N. PAUL Executive Director, Alliance for American Manufacturing Washington, Sept. 8, 2011
SKS has lost nearly 80 percent of its market value since then, Mint reports.
But little was revealed about hierarchies or power dynamics, save for the fact that Lewis Trelawny-Cassity, a lanky philosophy professor from Georgia, ended up with the largest office of all by exercising Southern gentility, not saying a word until the others had all chosen their places.
No one is the same at the end as at the beginning.
Atlantis’s former teenage club, Club Rush, was converted to a nightclub for the 9-to-13-year-old set, featuring video games, movie screenings and a dance floor with a house D.J.
In 2006, Charlie Hedbo reprinted cartoons of Muhammad that first appeared in a Danish newspaper, prompting a lawsuit from French Muslim groups, which accused the newspaper of “slander stigmatizing a group of people on the basis of their religion.” The newspaper was acquitted.
The deal, which calls for BrandinHand to become a subsidiary of FRWD, was made for cash and stock.
Then, in July 2007, after attending conferences on immigrant rights in several cities, he was on an Amtrak train outside Buffalo when immigration agents asked for identification.
Meanwhile, partygoers jumped in the courtyard fountain and accepted shots funneled through a giant ice sculpture.
He said, ‘You’ll see, we have wonderful things coming up.’ I said, ‘I cannot possibly endorse this.
I don’t excuse it, and I surely don’t condone it.
(914) 667-8400; 54 VERMONT TERRACE: A five-bedroom three-bath 1910 Victorian with a one-car garage, listed at $569,000.
Because you could get Stevie Wonder and will.i.am, as the lucky guests at the home of Marc Benioff did in San Francisco back in April.
I’m looking forward to that bit of recasting too.
He adds that this is particularly important for men, who tend to react more emotionally than women.
“I’ll call it the D B Burger,” Mr. Boulud told me as we scarfed the first ones in his kitchen.
Funeral Services will be held on May 1, 2011 at noon, the Riverside Memorial Chapel in Mount Vernon.
Victor Lustig sold the Eiffel Tower.
In one of the first he made public, “Sean Murphy,” dressed in the same regalia he wore on the New Jersey shoot, presented himself to a Medicaid worker in Charleston , S.C., as an Irish drug importer and Irish Republican Army member who wanted coverage for 25 wounded comrades who entered the U.S. illegally.
The next day, he had a lawyer send a letter to Capt.
The Word of the Day and its definitions have been provided by the language-loving minds behind Vocabulary.com and the Visual Thesaurus .
Let’s look at what passes for success among Serious people (and contrast it with that horrible disgrace Iceland, which defaulted on its banks’ debt): A few more successes like this and Latvia will be back in the Stone Age.
Much as there are things about our own life stories that we can learn only from the systematic study of our dreams, there are things about the human condition that we can learn only from a systematic study of literature.
My New Jersey town near New York City tried to “reschedule” Halloween because of the devastation from the weekend’s freak snowstorm, but that didn’t seem to deter anyone or lighten my daughter’s plastic pumpkin.
Runner-up: Jeremy Hellickson, Tampa Bay.
Working mothers still face more stigma in Germany than in many other Western countries.
“That was where we could have been bolder,” she said.
Aides said the golf outing was set up weeks ago, but it was first disclosed by Politico on Friday afternoon.
Our 15-person shop has a full-time person dedicated to bringing in new business, leading the response to requests for proposals, getting out there networking, building and working databases.
One day later, rebel sources told Sara Sidner of CNN that they had detained Ms. Misrati, and taken her to a makeshift base in the Libyan capital.
A technical staff of at least 100 will be on hand to produce each regatta, Mr. Lovejoy said.
Filled with period details like Volkswagen Beetles and TV dinners, the film’s slightly homespun, melancholy look also encapsulates what it felt like to be a child 30 and 40 years ago, right down to the crackling of the splotchy, color-saturated 16-millimeter film.
Just a few weeks ago, after American radar picked up a plane near the Honduran coast, Drug Enforcement Administration helicopters with night vision gear helped pinpoint where the plane landed.
“So we worked on the driver a little bit this morning and then got that going really well,” he said.
Indian companies and business groups seem determined to dominate the after-hours scene, with a seemingly endless series of Bollywood-themed parties and other revelry.
Evergreens seem like an obvious choice for winter.
Many remittance users were born outside the United States and use the transfers to send money to family members and friends in their native countries.
It calls for the two sides to seek “basic and long-term solutions for sea-related issues, in the spirit of mutual respect, equal and mutually beneficial treatment,” according to an English translation of the text released by the Vietnamese government.
The Jacobsons submitted an application a month ago to their local congregation, which everyone who wants to be a guest must do.
“Whether it’s man or nature causing the climate to change, we still have to deal with islands going under water and people running out of food,” Mr. Nash said in a telephone interview.
; Puddles, vivid with iron oxide, formed on a trestle walkway at the plant.
Incorporating music, masks and several types of puppetry, it inaugurates Teatro Sea’s new 110-seat theater.
Plans were clearly being laid Tuesday for a serious conversation with Mr. Papandreou .
He also admitted that he and the consultant, Dr. Yves Benhamou, had agreed to mislead the Securities and Exchange Commission about their actions.
As a growing economic power, China’s military is also growing.
commissioner, said people should not think that they can simply amend a tax return.
“I still do.” Mrs. Morton is now 92.
Parker: We never really investigated it further.
Professional athletes are often puzzled by the general public’s attitude toward them when they become embroiled in labor disputes with team owners.
The police have given no details of the alleged plot, but a police statement said the arrests were part of a “major operation” prompted by intelligence work, a formulation that has often been used to describe a lengthy period of surveillance, including phone-tapping, by undercover units and Britain’s secret intelligence and security agencies, MI5 and MI6.
The depth charges were round metal drums the size of the trash can under a desk.
We intend to aggressively protect our customer lists and confidential information, intellectual property, trademark and brands.” Mr. Kravitz said the lawsuit, filed in the United States District Court in the Northern District of California, was in retaliation for his claim to 15 percent of the site’s gross advertising revenue because of his position as a vested partner, as well as back pay related to his position as a video reviewer and blogger for the site.
The items on the menu are named for people and places that evoke Hoboken.
HELEN KAMIONER of New York ''We need to move City Opera to the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
“History is often tragic,” Mr. Obama said in Turkey, “but unresolved, it can be a heavy weight.
Internal Biotronik sales data indicates that Dr. Decena’s usage of the company’s products rose sharply in 2009.
During the 11 years that Paul Kellogg was in charge, he became convinced that the biggest problem facing City Opera was the house it played in, the New York State Theater, as it was then known.
We would moor ourselves in deserted coves like the one in Spargi, and I would swim to the beach in the company of our three small dogs, flopping with them on the powder-soft white sand.
But in the end, the merchants were pleased, Mr. Power said.
The office — whose staff of 600 full-time employees at its Washington headquarters and 12 regional offices must juggle a variety of cases, including those for disability, age and race discrimination — routinely asks schools to investigate themselves and to develop their own plans for fixing problems.
“Grateful Dead songs were like poetry, and Doug is attracted to things that really mean something,” said Lisa Kroiz, his sister.
Here, there is the possibility for him to see the best of what there is to achieve, with Latino politicians, doctors, lawyers.
will be, I guess, like answering to three BlackBerry messages while making fried eggs and doing your shoe laces, all at the same time.
Also worth trying is the Cosa Nostra, made with Smith & Cross Rum, Catdaddy Moonshine from North Carolina, Fernet Branca and Carpano Antica sweet vermouth.
Whatever the medium, more girls were victims: 52 percent of girls said they had been harassed in person, and 36 percent online, compared with 35 percent of boys who were harassed in person and 24 percent online.
It’s an idea, by the way, that is very hard for regular Joes to swallow.
“This is our country, these are our people, and we have only to retreat and wait and use other tactics.”
Kelly Johnston, a geographic information systems specialist at the lab who created the maps, explained that he tried to convert the qualities of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness into quantities that could be visualized in a map.
By Wednesday morning, the original poem was back on display — worn facings, graffiti stickers and all — and all was right and grim beneath Times Square once again.
They also review their finances; schedule jobs on a rotation, so that each woman gets an equal amount of work; and brainstorm next steps to expand the business.
“Rimer Cardillo: Journadas de la Memoria.” Through Nov. 27.
That’s true even for veteran members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, who find it just as hard to predict the best sound mixer as the schlub — or the blogger — watching the Oscars at home does.
“This was the kind of multilateral, affordable, effective endeavor that any foreign policy initiative aspires to.” Even so, Mr. Obama is not likely to get any lasting political credit for the success of the Libyan rebellion — just as he received only a fleeting bounce in the polls after the commando raid that killed Bin Laden in Pakistan .
This year, the fight moved to Rhode Island.
The ensemble opened with a suitably spirited, shapely reading of Beethoven’s youthful Trio in B flat (Op.
“We need to improve our results, and we are keenly focused as we work to achieve that.” Most network airlines have gone to bankruptcy court in the last decade, sometimes repeatedly, to restructure their obligations and rewrite contracts as fuel prices soared and the industry struggled against low-cost competitors.
Spooner, the frontman for the art/pop group Fischerspooner, also has a video blog, Ladies & Gentlemen, which showcases portraits of artists like Chlo?evigny.
· The order in which candidates are questioned will be determined by a draw.
How likely are New York City dogs to chomp on letter carriers?
said 2011 Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra 2500 series trucks with the standard box might be lacking welds on the underside.
Maybe because the past has too many skeletons buried in it.
She watched as her parents’ marriage broke up and tried not to mimic their behavior.
Richard Nelson knows what you were thinking on Sunday.
He estimated that there are about 2,000 new Scratch projects created every day, and many are based on the work of other students.
At that time, Simson, a single mother with a teenage daughter, said she was facing personal bankruptcy from creating the works from her personal funds.
On Thursday, the company, perhaps best known for publishing Vice Magazine, will host its first upfront event, a presentation where television companies try to entice advertisers with new content and shows.
The deal, announced ahead of the Tokyo Motor Show, which begins Saturday, highlights the importance of environmentally sustainable technology in the auto industry, as well as the ballooning costs of developing multiple powertrains when customer preferences remain varied.
Dr. Anagnost was music director and conductor of The Little Orchestra Society of New York for 32 years.
The goal of deficit reduction can’t simply be arithmetic.
“Because if you brake too soon with another guy behind you he will hit you in the back.” He said there was mutual respect but the professional racers remain wary of them, and Lynn said that was natural.
In China, he said last week, he hopes to show that “Americans are very easygoing people.” He added: “If the added attention and great visibility that I have been able to generate can help open doors and expose more Chinese to American values and the American way of life, that is great.” But while his ordinary-folks image has gone down well with many Chinese, the state-run news media have at times been lacerating.
For the terrestrial biosphere, most components (e.g., leaves, grasses, crops, trees, roots, etc.)
Tom Short San Rafael, Calif., Jan. 30, 2011  To the Editor: I was glad to see you raise the issue of the “where are you from?” question.
The loyalists were able to leave their homeland while remaining under the British king.
(Smith) Metropolitan Museum of Art: ‘Night Vision: Photography After Dark’ (closes on Sunday) It wasn’t until the gelatin dry-plate process was introduced in the late 1880s that exposure time was lowered enough for photographs to be taken regularly after dark.
“Even the ring your partner has given you will belong to your birth family upon your death,” said Ms. Kator of same-sex couples in Michigan who die without a will.
For example, the Russian billionaire Yuri Milner -- who was virtually unknown in Silicon Valley before his first Facebook investment in May 2009 -- is a critical connector in this ecosystem.
The brazenness of Ms. Brewer’s overreach was clear in the court hearing.
The move will be deemed a selective default by the credit ratings agencies, something the European Central Bank had previously said was unacceptable.
In an historic resolution, the United Nations Security Council authorized all necessary measures to protect the people of Libya from the attacks upon them.
A friend helped him rent an apartment in a heavily Chinese section of Bensonhurst, Brooklyn , and taught him to navigate the subways.
“But we’ve done handgun raffles in the past and we’ll do them in the future.
Newspapers and television are barred from being critical of the movie, and caustic online reviews have been erased by censors.
Florida and Alabama are run-first teams who do not ask much of their quarterbacks as far as vertical passes.
It found one in Savli, an industrial estate in Gujarat.
Under the overhaul plan, the government has divided Kabul Bank into a “good bank” with its deposits, good loans and other assets, and a second institution that will handle the hundreds of millions of dollars in bad loans, Afghan banking officials said.
Admiral Nimitz’s campaign began at Makin and Tarawa in the Gilbert Islands, perceived as necessary steps toward attacking the Marshall and Mariana Islands to the northwest.
In fact, my intent was simply to describe past natural variations that almost certainly were driven by an external force shaping climate — shifts in the Earth’s orbit and orientation toward the Sun, as described by Mike MacCracken in a comment that alerted me to the problem .]
This is a young team that could be good for a long time.
“I’m going to buy myself a guitar and an amp,” Ms. Hall said Wednesday of her plans for the prize money.
“I’m not usually such a freeloader,” he said, before we pedaled off in opposite directions.
“We would obviously not be going down this road if we believed it posed a security risk.” The European Union, the United States and many other countries introduced the restriction — which allows liquids only in amounts below three ounces — after the British authorities uncovered a plot in August 2006 to bomb passenger planes bound for the United States using liquid explosives.
At the least, that would include extending federal unemployment benefits beyond their expiration at year-end.
as a salesman in 1949, as the computer age was just dawning, and served as the company’s chief executive from January 1981 until January 1985.
They’re kidding, right?” Four election wizards from the biggest counties in Texas, put on the stand by lawyers from every position, each said essentially the same thing: “We can do what you want.
BORN TO RUN, by Christopher McDougall.
(“It was the best thing I’d ever tasted,” she said.)
“They send metabolic signals to each other — and they are sending chemicals out constantly that are stimulating our biological processes.
Ms. Smith, a sommelier currently without portfolio, nods politely at customers’ choices, and expresses a desire for the restaurant’s liquor license to come through.
Yet in a sign of the deep support for the existing system, Mr. Griffin says it should be left alone because it provides incentives for recruitment and rewards retirees who have endured great hardship.
Until then, I had no idea that a plane had hit it.
Shiva belongs to a colony of monkeys who have been fattened up to help scientists study the twin human epidemics of obesity and diabetes .
“Isn’t it funny that wherever I go, crazy stuff happens?” When a reporter pointed out that the pandemonium was probably not coincidental, he paused for a moment.
[CBS New York] A 60-year-old New York City man suing for age discrimination wants an 88-year-old judge removed from case on grounds that he is too old.
With its quirky tone and ability to transform quotidian conflicts into the stuff of immersive drama, the narration might be plausibly redubbed by the likes of Ira Glass .
Money for special-needs students is not threatened, but there may be limited money or none for mainstream students at Vick and Stock, so it may not be possible to maintain blended classrooms.
Friday and Saturday at 7 p.m.; Sunday at 3 p.m.; Tuesday through Thursday at 7:30 p.m.; David H. Koch Theater, Lincoln Center , (212) 721-6500, webticketcenter.com ; $80 to $300.
The chief executive of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce looks to energy for job growth.
And it may be that voters are wary of “more Europe,” and that their growing disaffection has not been overtaken by their concerns over the fate of the euro.
“He thanked me for my involvement and told my wife not to expect to see me for a while, because I was going to be busy,” Mr. O’Connor recalled last week.
''It's interesting to me that neither she nor her friends have heard of 'Star Trek,' despite J. J. Abrams's heroic reboot of the system,'' he said.
Toyota Motor will not return to predisaster production levels until the end of the year, the president of the Japanese automaker said Friday.
Buvette stands for wallowing gracefully in modest luxuries: a well-made omelet, a well-seasoned horseradish cream sauce, a well-balanced chocolate mousse.
Pedro Rafael Rosado gets the details on Pioneer AppRadio , a new aftermarket car accessory that lets drivers link their iPhones to use music, navigation and personal information apps right on the car’s dashboard.
Justice is about the application of legal principles within jurisdictions.
“You have to write as much as you can,” says Jay Richard, the principal.
He plays great, but believe me, it takes a lot more out of Rafa to play great than it does out of Roger or Pete.”
When Mr. Cain came to Washington as a lobbyist for the National Restaurant Association in 1996, Mr. Gingrich was just beginning his ascent as speaker.
But I do think that there is a longer challenge for the country, which is part of what’s animating the anger we are seeing across the political spectrum.
The service will be available to nearly four million Verizon FiOS subscribers primarily in the Northeast, California, Texas and Florida, Ms. Zoffer said.
And the relationship I had with the fans and the love of the club.
Boxx slips her defender on the left side near the endline and rifles a cross in front.
At 7 p.m., Madison Square Garden, (866) 858-0008, thegarden.com ; $44.50 to $204.50.
His barrel-size voice suffused the house.
Then set up a separate group, either closed or secret, for your behind-the-scenes cabal to hold their private discussions.
But the show was a romantic take on Riviera summers, in what the young designer called a “holistic meeting up with friends from all over the world.” If today’s sunspots are filled with the skimpily dressed, the Roberto Cavalli vision was more a band leader on the boardwalk: natty blazers, suits in vivid fuchsia, yellow or a purply blue, and jackets with inserts of python or with embroidered trimmings.
Another is that the property, in Hell’s Kitchen, is zoned for manufacturing, not a museum.
The Wildcats scored the first 11 points of the game and led by as many as 34 points late.
20110331 ‘Point of View’ (Friday, and Monday through Thursday) See the world of New York through a young artist’s lens.
It has also enacted some commendable reforms.
In 1947, Mr. Soros escaped Communist Hungary for London, where he graduated from the London School of Economics.
Each juror was given a transcript to help them decipher what was being said amid the background noise of the recording, but none of them could take that transcript back into the jury room.
During a tour of Tru -Way, which produces precision metal parts, Stan Mastalerz, the company’s president, showed the girls a tiny component used in electronic circuit boards.
Mr. Hamod said American companies are often more hesitant than Chinese or some European companies about operating in a tumultuous environment like that of post-Qaddafi Libya.
“We’re very thankful for America’s influence — I hope others are also — and America’s commitment to help protect freedom in this region.” On North Korea, she looked forward to a “regime change,” calling the North Korean people “the first victims” of the dictatorship.
He’s made two touchdown grabs today, the latter covering 62 yards to give Clemson a commanding 35-23 lead in the fourth quarter.
“I didn’t know if I was going to have another pregame press conference.”
“We’ve been a little surprised by the robust mess of this auction, given the well-chronicled problems of the music industry,” said Tuna N. Amobi, a media analyst at Standard & Poor’s Equity Research.
IN the Bay Area, year-round farmers’ markets and food co-ops are plentiful and well-established.
This is not to say that “Charlotte Rampling: The Look” is a complete washout.
His mother, Judy, had worked for the Continental League, which never came into being but produced the Mets.
A local security official complained that there were not enough security personnel at the funeral, given the local dignitaries in attendance.
The greater danger is to money funds with extensive holdings of short-term corporate i.o.u.’s, or commercial paper .
Brownie Points still bakes for the local farmers’ market, which starts June 5 at Maple Street and DeForest Avenue.
With unemployment still high, companies in recent months have tried to camouflage price increases by selling their products in tiny and tinier packages.
It’s modernist and backward-looking, rigorous and sentimental, often bland but with a distinctive, instantly recognizable, easily imitated look.
“When I asked if I could join, he said, ‘Oh, Dad, don’t join my group.’ ” Pearlman prevailed and now has $10,000 worth of reasons to keep rooting for V.C.U.
Beach employees had built a fence to separate the area from Woodland Beach, a resort to the immediate south, to shut off passage between the two.
Keane sustained an adductor muscle injury playing for Ireland in a qualifying match for this summer’s European Championship; he has returned to training but remains questionable for Sunday’s game.
Besserat de Bellefon, which produced our No.
Over all, 85.4 percent of states in the continental United States experienced July temperatures exceeding the long-term average.
survey with the Dow Jones industrial average down nearly 1 percent.
POUGHKEEPSIE Vassar College, Frances Lehman Loeb Art Center “A Pioneering Collection: Master Drawings From the Crocker Art Museum.” Through Dec. 11.
However, the precision manufacturing equipment used to make chips was bounced around, requiring days of tweaking to come back on line.
Havre de Grace is as true as they come, finishing in the money in all 14 of her career starts, 8 of them victories.
How long does it take you to decide whether to hire someone?
“I was going to have to develop a public persona that caused people to be willing to write for me often and in most cases for free,” he said.
France has historically been reluctant to cede too much sovereignty to Brussels, beginning with the rejection of a European army in 1954 and the referendum defeat of a draft European constitution.
And it was nice to have Maya there going, ‘O.K., let’s write.’ “ (Though she possesses a melodic voice and projects a gentle demeanor, Ms. Rudolph politely resisted the earth-mom label.
Mr. De Niro sold it for $1.65 million, which he said was less than the $1.8 million asking price but more than what Ms. Kass had paid, which was about $900,000.
For the Morgan in particular Mr. Ryskamp’s gift is large — some 100 drawings and prints, a dozen illustrated books and three historical manuscripts — and fills some gaps.
Page A15 New York TOUGH PRIVATE SCHOOLS TRY TO LIGHTEN LOAD The director of the high school at Dalton, a rigorous private school on the Upper East Side, sent a letter to parents this summer announcing that tests and papers would be staggered to make sure students did not become overloaded and January midterms would be pushed back two weeks so students would not have to study during vacation.
During the Odegard warehouse sale, through Sunday, samples, overstocked and discontinued items, and one-of-a-kind rugs, furniture and accessories are marked down as much as 70 percent (6-by-9-foot rugs, regularly $3,024 to $7,182, are $1,058 to $2,532; 9-by-12-foot rugs, regularly $6,048 to $14,364, are $3,024 to $5,065); 30-30 47th Avenue, Long Island City, N.Y., (718) 784-1704 or odegardinc.com/warehouse .
And today you make your living as a historian of science and technology.
“I survived a wreck you can’t survive,” Bodine said in a telephone interview.
They were willing to clear millions of dollars in salary-cap space to accommodate him.
Facing the prospect of less time at home, Ms. Mahon and her husband, Larry, looked for something meaningful to occupy their daughter’s time.
On Monday, Representative Eric Cantor, Republican of Virginia and majority leader, urged House Democratic leaders to do more to show Mr. Weiner that he was unwelcome by eliminating some privileges of membership, like his seat on the Energy and Commerce Committee.
“Chaney implies that Chanel was just guilty of horizontal collaboration; I think it was definitely more,” she said.
The duke was, almost as soon as peace descended in Europe, approached to write his memoirs.
Late in the wild final round, six continents are represented in the top 10.
And also much, much funnier.
It just means being more aggressive and looking for opportunities to get a look.
Hours earlier, villagers had taken down white protest banners hanging around the square.
The one exception is the symbolic Venus flytrap, which Violet says will have to die because she can’t bring herself to feed it living fruit flies.
challenged comprehension.” Today, the field of writers, technology and science is newly charged, and newly vexed.
Cappie Pondexter’s grandmother had some simple advice for her: Take over the game.
The ancient Aztecs had already domesticated turkeys when the conquistadors arrived.
They talked about his criminal record, and he pointed out that he liked boys, not girls.
(Within the Orthodox and Hasidic Jewish communities the tragedy was discussed as #bpboy , a hashtag created when Leiby, 8, was still missing.)
There has long been speculation that he has political ambitions, possibly in New York, where he grew up and worked early in his career.
At Amador, you can see a photograph from the 1995 Kobe earthquake, part of a series taken by Ryuji Miyamoto.
are not only allowed to attend the state’s public university system, but are also eligible for in-state tuition.)
As recently as August, he said that he had abstained from drinking “so that my liver can unite the conditions to be balanced.” He is survived by his wife and six children, The Associated Press reported.
She has bought it about a dozen times in the last year.
The bridegroom’s mother was an administrative assistant to A. Ralph Mollis when he was the mayor of North Providence.
“Something came up.” To be fair, many things could have come up.
It’s a system that reminds this group each day of our friends, our achievement and what they meant to us.
For the duration of the show, the temporary exhibition galleries in the new extension will become a `mini-Hermitage.’ ”
The first teacher to clear those hurdles in my life was Mrs. Thomas.
In the final lap of an incident-filled race that had been dominated by Sebastian Vettel from the beginning, Jenson Button sat perched in his McLaren Mercedes less than a second behind the Red Bull driver, waiting for an error by the man who has won all but one of the six previous races this year.
This is not the first time G.M.
The only strange touch is his back, which is dotted with raised bumps and little circles in alternating rows that could be signs of a disease or ritual scarification.
“Right now, we’re comfortable with what we have,” Tannenbaum said Wednesday.
I hoisted her up and carried her to Jack’s room and nestled her in bed beside her brother.
Their software helps residential users track their consumption to save water and money.
“I very much doubt we can re-create this environment in Washington.” Like many lawmakers, he will rent an apartment on Capitol Hill and dash home when he can.
Ms. Sheehan said that the money had helped pay for some of her bills but that she had renounced her right to any of the money.
He is at 15-under 198.
And as the site notes, “Vogue may receive a commission on some sales made through this service.” Fashion magazines are suddenly getting into the retailing business.
“We really wanted to reach out to all the readers and get the message out about how wonderful reading is,” said Sasha Norkin, the vice president for digital and channel marketing for BN.com .
Then as now there was startled disbelief outside the precincts of jazz, and giddy jubilation within.
Quickly, he urged, before things got worse.
“When I get to Africa , I have to worship him,” she said with a hint of frustration in her voice and a broad, mischievous smile.
“When you have epilepsy and you go to the hospital here, they say, ‘We don’t have medicine for that,’ so people are forced to go to traditional healers,” Mr. Bangura said.
Jonathan Mitchell scored 24 for Rutgers (12-11, 3-8).
The applicant, Michelle Joseph, had a college degree and had worked for 12 years in the St. Lucia Mission to the United Nations .
“I sat and got DNP’s for a month and a half, you think I was turning down 48 minutes?” Bynum said.
Her career arc, as traced by the Parrish, might stymie a calculus expert.
She was also unwilling to shut down her company.
Of course, the 1886 American Association had just eight teams in it, and Morris completed all 63 of his 63 starts that season.
If the commitment by local leaders to move the two-year-old plant is carried out, the scale of the protesters’ victory would set a benchmark.
BRIAN BURKE 'Oh Well' Chargers kicker Nick Novak says he has urinated on the sideline before, but never with a camera recording the event from behind, as happened Sunday on CBS.
For the police to suddenly disappear from the streets is a shocking experience,” Mr. Bouckaert said.
The most dynamic industrialist of all was Wedgwood.
Ford now sells C-Max hatchbacks and minivans in Europe, in gasoline and diesel varieties, and said demand for the five-passenger version had doubled there this year.
How in the World Do I Cook Fish?
“And you won’t be seeing Lady Gaga,” Mr. Fielden said.
The first opera commissioned by Opera Hong Kong, its title character was a founder of modern China (and because of his fervent nationalism, is a hero of the current Chinese government).
In many instances, the police can decide whether to send someone they arrested before a judge or to issue the person a court summons called a desk-appearance ticket, thereby freeing the person after several hours of arrest.
Voting will continue through Tuesday.
“The straightaways are just that small,” Lagat said, holding his index fingers in front of his face.
Connie Hedegaard, the European Union’s commissioner on climate action, told me recently: “Look, it was not a piece of cake here either.” In fact, many countries in Europe have come to see combating climate change and the move to a “greener” economy as about “opportunities rather than costs,” Mr. Ashton said.
a grim demonstration that Germany is not strong enough to threaten the interests of the other great powers with impunity.” Morgenthau, in his book “Germany Is Our Problem,” wrote: “The only possible way to make the lesson effective is to make it true.
WHERE is the Bronx Center for Science and Mathematics?
You’re also given one shot at deferring your start date, though you can’t defer the start of your payments for more than 40 years from your initial payment.
Because it is free and integrated into the mapping service that comes with Android devices, it leaves third party developers with a tough challenge to overcome.
Prices are likely to be low, and rules for access can be changed in future years.
The charge to view the study when the doctor sends it along to a patient or asks for a second opinion from another physician is $1 on an iPhone and $2 on an iPad.
The Springfield nuclear power plant will remain operational, and it won’t be closing time at Moe’s Tavern for at least two more years: on Friday night, Fox announced that it had renewed its hit animated comedy “The Simpsons,” television’s longest running prime-time scripted series, for two additional seasons, following a contract dispute with its voice cast that had threatened to end the show altogether.
When I spoke to him by phone recently, he was preparing to take a break from military duty to open a show in Dubai, where his work would be exhibited alongside that of Damien Hirst.
 The Edgar Kaplan Winter Regional will take place in the Hilton Hotel, 1335 Avenue of the Americas, near 53rd Street, in Manhattan, from Dec. 26 to 30.
The crowd — teenage stoners, aging hipsters, dressed-down professionals — is as eclectic as the soundtrack, which ranges from deep house to Armenian pop to gangster rap.
Like the Minnesota Twins in the American League, the Pirates’ rotation has no ace, but rarely beats itself with walks.
“There are so many things here that could easily be made controversial,” Haidar said.
“Strains in global financial markets continue to pose significant downside risks to the economic outlook.” The decision was supported by nine of 10 members of the Federal Open Market Committee.
Five years ago, he said, he crisscrossed the city looking for a new location after he was pushed out of a site on the West Side of Manhattan by new zoning and rising real estate values.
The walk through steep and cobbled streets will whet your appetite, however.
While it’s inarguable that government has a tropism toward waste, and while tax increases should indeed be preceded by an inquiry into other options, the adamancy of the puritans’ position flew in the face of what many economists say, and it brooked no dissent.
He is a three-time Eclipse Award winner who won the Kentucky Derby three times, the Preakness twice, and the Belmont Stakes once.
“It will be hard at first, but I know he’ll grasp it and set an example for many people the best he can.” Bhullar’s emergence would be a boon for increasing the popularity of the game in India, with a population about 1.2 billion, including five million who play basketball.
“I was hooked.” The family didn’t have much money (his single mother raised three children) so Mr. Wolfe learned to barter his picks for things he wanted, like his first motorcycle.
Money, in contrast, does not increase individual performance, Dr. Corbett said — at least, not in research experiments.
As long as a coalition of moderate “R’s” and “D’s” can get cobbled together to pass whatever comes back from the Senate — which is, admittedly, still by no means a sure thing — Boehner will escape from this mess with his speakership weakened but intact, without having permanently alienated any faction within the party, and (most importantly) without having pushed the country into default.
“Students have access on campus that local companies don’t,” said Matthew Britton, the company’s founder and chief executive.
There have been some departures among the departed.
Mark Lynas, one of the greenest voices in Europe and the author of a new book , “ The God Species ,” has attacked the action .
Separately, MasterCard Advisors SpendingPulse, which estimates spending across all categories, reported on Wednesday that March sales were reasonably good.
The sponsor of that bill, Representative Lee Terry, Republican of Nebraska, said Friday that he was “pretty ecstatic” to see the pipeline provision in the bill put together this week by Speaker John A. Boehner.
Relations with Moscow are always complex, and not only for Abkhazia.
The proposal spells out an expansive internal control regimen that banks must adopt, creating layers of expensive and time-consuming compliance.
We have no plans in place at this time to publish their endorsement agreements.”
Presented Friday at 7:30 p.m., the selection includes newsreels (a 1934 look at filmmaking in China), political propaganda (a recruiting film for the Abraham Lincoln Brigade in the Spanish Civil War, co-directed by Henri Cartier-Bresson and Herbert Kline), home movies (Ed Emshwiller's record of the 1963 March on Washington) and avant-garde films (Lidia Garc?Mill?s ''Color,'' a 1958 production from Uruguay).
But it’s now back up to 43.
By 2009, the figure had risen to 1,596.
If a prediction says stocks will go up, and everyone believes it, the crowd is then likely to drive up prices very rapidly — until it is convinced that prices are too high and it begins to drive them back down.
During the occasional hurricane there are duties still.
“I began this book intending to write a history of a still vital form of music,” he says.
In 2008, after giving millions of dollars to local institutions, the trust began the CME Group Foundation with a $16 million grant, and pledged to make annual donations to support grant-making.
VAN GOGH: The Life , by Steven Naifeh and Gregory White Smith (Random House, $40.)
Yet here in Orlando, not far from the launching site of the space program’s most triumphant achievements, the government’s Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , or Darpa, drew hundreds this month to a symposium on the 100-Year Starship Study, which is devoted to ideas for visiting the stars.
Asked about his fancy car, the driver sniggered and said that it was bought “by selling drugs, of course.” Nearby, a dozen youngsters were milling around, some of them openly admitting to drug dealing and one even offering a sample of hashish.
From there, it is a brief stretch along the commercial district of Lambton Quay to wind up back at the funicular.
But I put the question anyway to Aditya Dev Sood, the founder and chief executive of the Center for Knowledge Societies , a consulting firm that works in what may be considered Jobs’ pet areas: user experience design and innovation management.
Similar but smaller samples will be sent to a colleague in Italy to see what the internal structure of the flows and loess is.
(All big banks are holding companies with multiple subsidiaries.)
Christensen scored on Anaheim goalie Jonas Hiller, and Richards was stopped before Gaborik scored on a backhand after a nifty fake.
Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany this week sought to lower expectations that the crisis-fighting effort would climax at the meeting in Brussels.
You can learn a lot from this body of work.
Zambri, with two harmonizing female singers, pushed toward eerier, electronic realms.
The selling of Jeter’s historic hit — he is six short of 3,000 as he waits to heal from a calf strain — actually has its own campaign name: “DJ 3K,” and a logo that will appear on much of the merchandise capitalizing on his achievement.
Oliver Stone’s 1991 movie “JFK” has a fictionalized version of him at the center of a conspiracy of government operatives who kill the president and set up Oswald — an F.B.I.
Ms. Pakzad said most of the women and girls in the shelters of western Afghanistan had fled forced or abusive marriages, or had been ostracized from their communities for dating young men without their families’ approval.
The new talk of unity came as Israel displayed weaponry it seized after intercepting a merchant ship on Tuesday.
To protect clients from bad lawyers, current barriers to entry try to separate the wheat from the chaff among potential legal practitioners.
“All appropriate state and federal authorities have been alerted.” The rupture occurred around 11:30 p.m. Friday.
Sept. 11 at 3 p.m. $16.
Fridays through Mondays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m., or by appointment.
PETER H. JACOBY Bedminster, N.J. • I love Joe Nocera’s columns and do not think he needed to apologize for the one about the Tea Party.
“If we see on the streets of Cairo today state-sponsored violence or the hiring of thugs to beat up protesters, Egypt and its regime would lose any remaining credibility,” said the British prime minister, David Cameron, as he arrived at the meeting.
(Lincoln was self-taught; Darrow attended the University of Michigan Law School but did not graduate.)
“We really felt this was outside our mission altogether,” the conservatory’s president, Tony Woodcock, said in an interview last week.
Better to follow the work of her favorite professor, Anthony Grafton, a renaissance expert.
“I’m in opposition to putting a medical treatment into the public drinking water supply without a vote of the people who drink that water,” said Norm Roche, a newly elected Republican county commissioner who spent 10 years doing policy research for the county Water Department and who led the turnaround effort.
Connecticut sent layoff warnings last week to state troopers.
Meanwhile, cleaning opportunities come and go in a highly competitive industry, and the cooperative must compete with larger, more established companies.
(Library e-books cannot be read on Amazon’s Kindle e-reader.)
LARTIGAU--Maurice, died peacefully at his home on September 10, 2011 after a long illness.
Mr. Lambert started his career as an oil analyst for a British stockbroker in the 1980s before moving to Kleinwort Benson, the British merchant bank.
Mr. Taylor, who took the stand in his own defense for seven months, presented himself as a man striving for peace and his accusers as liars.
“He taught labor economics and was very clear in explaining the field.
Judge St. Eve said on Friday that Mr. Black had “violated the trust” of his shareholders and expressed bewilderment that someone as gifted as Mr. Black would commit such a crime.
Power & Associates 2011 Vehicle Dependability Study, Lincoln took top honors , knocking Porsche out of the leadership position.
As for the trash, though I did have to hold my nose and step around occasional mounds, I was told it was not as bad as past trash crises, and I’d trade the minor inconvenience for the lack of tourist crowds any day.
These include Mauro Bigonzetti, who has created a duet, ''La Follia,'' for Ms. Wiles and Drew Jacoby; and Jorma Elo, whose solo, ''One Overture,'' will be danced by the San Francisco Ballet principal Maria Kochetkova.
Bill Edgerton, a wine appraiser in Connecticut , said roughly half of his appraisals were done after failed marriages.
Asked about Gabirol’s low profile in Málaga, an official from the tourism office explained that a new cultural center was planned in which Gabirol would feature more prominently.
Caramoor Center for Music and the Arts, 149 Girdle Ridge Road.
Still, Bartoli refused to fold, breaking McHale’s serve and winning her own to pull up to 2-3.
Dave Robertson entered the game with a runner on base in the eighth inning and struck out left fielder Ryan Braun, who had singled in his first three at-bats.
But in an article on Monday, The Associated Press quoted current and former American officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, as saying that Mr. Nasrallah’s claim was accurate and that those captures led the group to other informants.
Interestingly the three two-digit numbers above can be obtained from 235 by first splitting 235 into two or three parts, and then adding or multiplying these parts in some way (a given part may be used more than once).
Rodriguez earned his 16th save Thursday despite pitching with considerable pain.
“Entourage” was a comedy about the fragility of Hollywood success that lasted eight seasons, and it endured partly because it romanticized friendship even as it mocked show-business schmoozing.
Even the imperturbable Mitt Romney got rattled and dropped his Everyman mien to morph into the trading-floor hotshot who bets a cool $10,000 when challenged on a fact.
After the dropping of atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the United States government did not pursue the development of the hydrogen bomb in the years after World War II.
“And I think that’s because he’s starting to realize he belongs here.” INSIDE PITCH The Mets signed their first-round pick, the high school outfielder Brandon Nimmo, just before the midnight deadline.
For those purposes, the more seats the better.
July 31 at 6 p.m. $30 and $40.
The exceptional cast does what it can to keep things jumping and grounded, as the tone wobbles from intrigue to farce and back.
The couple, both 29, met at Boston University, from which they graduated, he magna cum laude.
Mr. Morris, 72, the former chief executive of Universal and a longtime power broker in the music business, took over as the head of Sony Music on July 1.
Such strictures have grown tighter in recent months as China, with one eye on unrest in the Arab world, has sought to choke off any inkling of organized protest.
But the vintage vibe is what appeals to Ms. Penberthy, an executive with a sportswear company who began her career in the fashion industry nearby.
In Episode 1 (caution: spoiler alert) no one dies, but one miner is carted away by ambulance, and a half-ton chunk of slate crashes down, just missing some workers.
Supreme Court justices have wide latitude in deciding whether to recuse themselves from hearing cases.
On Tuesday, 222 of 290 Iranian lawmakers called for their execution.
The Mavericks have won four of five after a six-game losing streak.
During a season of collapsing authoritarian governments, Mr. Nazarbayev stands as testament to the forces protecting the strongmen of the former Soviet states.
This week, it did it again.
“Homeownership is also culturally entrenched,” he said.
What really got their collaborative career going, however, was a continuing series of sculptural projects they inaugurated in 1997 as “Powerless Structures”: seemingly authentic objects they rendered useless or ridiculous, like a diving board that jutted through a window over the Baltic Sea; a public urinal with clear glass walls; an art gallery sunk into the ground.
In the United States, people must choose to become an organ donor.
Charls E. Walker Then: Chairman of Walker & Walker, a government relations consulting firm.
For a few years the company was saved by large, last-minute donations.
and the defense was too fast from sideline to sideline.
He would not say who was backing the project, nor how much capital he has raised.
“See, we’ve resolved the public debt issue,” said Enio Marfoli, who is Filettino’s part-time councilor for culture and a full-time oboist who plans to write the national anthem.
I think their insights were spot-on: posting photos involves the technical aspects of transferring photos from a camera to a computer and then selecting and uploading them to Facebook, which is not a very engaging activity.
But the relentlessness of the transactions was made apparent by just one team: the St. Louis Rams announced they had signed 24 undrafted rookies, which in a normal year would have been done in isolation in the hours after the draft ended in April, not in the middle of a maelstrom of other negotiations.
At its Andalusian farm, which stands next to a natural spring in an otherwise parched landscape better known for its olive trees, Riofrío raises the Acipenser naccarii species of sturgeon.
A short walk from Devi’s home, the Ganga and Varuna rivers meet in quiet confluence.
Why do you do that?
Whether Mourinho will win for Real what Del Bosque has won is doubtful.
Android, with 271,206 apps, has made progress catching up to Apple, which has 389,591.
One Corinthian capital, made of 32 terra-cotta sections, is in storage at Ohio State University after years of being left outside architecture classrooms.
Normally, skin cells mature and are shed in an ongoing cycle of 28 to 30 days.
Start your day with our curated set of grooming products.
“I think we’re out of luck,” he said as the line crept forward a few inches.
Tommy Cross scored on a power play at 3 minutes 17 seconds of overtime to lift Boston College past Boston University , 3-2, in the semifinals of the Beanpot tournament in Boston.
Frankly, I’ve wondered that myself.
In a 2006 saga, called Boatmurdered, fans passed around a single fortress — one player would save a game, send the file to another player and so on, relay-race style — while documenting its colorful descent into oblivion.
“Sure the Met could say it’s time to make a change,” Mr. Gelb said, “but why would we want to do that if we have the possibility to continue with him?
Mr. Kelly did not definitively link any officers to comments on the Facebook group, which has since been taken down, but he said Internal Affairs investigators had “determined that 20 offensive comments were associated with names that match those of police officers.” The commissioner said Internal Affairs had begun “the process of interviewing those officers and, where necessary, subpoenaing computer records.” He said that the results of the Internal Affairs investigation would be submitted to departmental lawyers, assigned to the department’s advocate’s office, and that internal administrative charges could follow.
José Argüelles, the father of the Harmonic Convergence , the mammoth New Age event that in 1987 drew thousands of humming adherents to sites around the globe, died in the Australian bush on March 23, not much more than a year before the world, in his view, might well have ended anyway.
(Isherwood) 20110624 ‘Rain: A Tribute to the Beatles on Broadway’ A tricked-up cover-band concert featuring four musical impersonators ably if impersonally working through a greatest-hits list.
That will be up to Major League Baseball.
But electrical heating is not the only alternative to steam.
Some older-generation barriers blocked the view of Mexico , but the Border Patrol found those frustrating because agents could not see the migrants amassing on the other side.
A Federal Bureau of Investigation squad that specializes in making cases against public officials joined the investigation last year.
But the rest of the world, starting with some of the mothers at his preschool, saw things differently.
Ms. Nottage, a widely admired author of several plays, has yet to have a work produced on Broadway.
The food was passable but not stellar.
Under Mr. Klingensmith, the company used targeted direct mail to begin knocking on doors again and in February, the paper used Groupon to offer a Sunday-only deal that sold 4,200 subscriptions.
Harper Jean Tobin, policy counsel for the National Center for Transgender Equality, said that Cook County Jail’s transgender policy is among the stronger in the nation, along with those in Cumberland County, Me., and the District of Columbia.
A. I’m trying to get every 3 Sounds record.
Jorge Continentino , for example, has a steady job playing saxophone and flute in the group Forró in the Dark, whose transformation of what was originally an accordion-driven rural style has made it a New York club favorite.
try to take away the league’s automatic spot.
It is through the courage of patients who consent to participate in such trials that we are able to advance medical care.
“You can put extra bracing in certain areas of the trap to help with the strength,” Mr. Brooks said.
I never feel as if I’m without him if I don’t want to be.
The leader of the Republican-controlled Senate, Dean Skelos, needs to push for its passage.
A brilliant strategist and fierce advocate, Bob pioneered white-collar criminal defense to become one of the country's leading trial lawyers.
Dana Robinson, an owner of the Pure Posh Salon at the Village at Stone Oak shopping center in San Antonio, said the salon had previously tried using Groupon to offer deals to customers but had decided to try the ValuText service instead.
In 2007, the Lions reached Thanksgiving with a 6-4 record, an exciting offense built around receivers Calvin Johnson — then a rookie — and Roy Williams, and a stingy defense coached by Rod Marinelli.
As an industry leader, Mr. Kummel was an opponent of government efforts to regulate advertising.
retirement plans, if the plan rules allow, so long as you keep working.
When your turn arrives, the attendant leads you to where the instrument lies carefully folded on the perimeter of the room.
Overnight, Mr. Hitchens — now called “Hitch the Snitch” by Blumenthal partisans — became persona non grata in living rooms all over Washington.
“Might be taking the golf boys/village people thing a bit far.” The complaints over bright colors or offbeat clothing, Hackel said, are not about preserving a traditional take on the game as much as they are about imposing one’s taste in fashion on others.
Flash forward as an adult Sam (Garrett Hedlund, left) follows his father down the electronic rabbit hole into a virtual world ruled by Clu, who looks like Dad.
But he did single out the House majority leader, Representative Eric Cantor of Virginia, for saying on Monday that he would not bring the president’s job creation package to a vote.
The letter, which Michiel reads after the blacksmith is shot in the street while fleeing German soldiers, leads the boy to an underground shelter in the woods where the downed British pilot, Jack (Jamie Campbell Bower), a young man only a few years older than Michiel, is hiding.
A few traveled more than 60 miles.
“We knew each other,” she says of the early days of her marriage to Conor.
The action accelerated the drop in oil prices that began in late April, taking them to levels not seen since Libyan oil exports were virtually halted by political turmoil four months ago.
DealBook Deutsche Bank Exec Puts Up a Fight | Richard J. Byrne, the chief executive of Deutsche Bank Securities, is the driving force behind Mushin Mixed Martial Arts, the training gym he calls “my ultimate toy.” DealBook In Their Downtime, Executives Run Triathlons | While working in finance might be considered an endurance sport itself, that’s not enough for some bankers.
European officials, according to people involved in the discussions, are leaning toward the low estimates, which would be easier to raise but might not be enough to rebuild faith in European banks and restore their access to international money markets.
Aden is now so short on gas that traffic is virtually absent.
The company is giving his opera “Prima Donna” its American premiere in February at the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
More alarming, analysts say, is the possibility that the presidential race will be close, seriously testing this country’s dangerously weak institutions.
My confusion only underlined the absurdity of the task for which I too eagerly signed up.
“The end result,” Mr. DiGravio said, “is a system where the folks with the least professional experience are serving the clients with the most intensive needs — because the Department of Mental Health serves only those people with the most severe mental illness.” At North Suffolk, workers in group homes get at least a week’s training, as Ms. Moulton most likely did before starting her job at a residence in Chelsea.
After the final, the news media emphasized Edmondson’s brief janitorial experience, much to his chagrin.
“This is another example of corporations putting profits ahead of what’s good for everyday Americans.
Athletic Director Tim Curley and current P.S.U.
“I can’t believe they couldn’t climb a measly 10 flights!”) And what about the worker bees on 5?
Now, I'm not so sure.
Valencia is hanging onto third place in La Liga, seven points behind Real Madrid, but endured a 3-2 loss to the league leaders last week.
Then let your daughter dress herself.
He will lead the weekly Features meeting and oversee the constellation of our dynamic weekly and Sunday sections.
The policy forbids tattoos that depict nudity, use vulgar language, or contain swastikas, pentagrams, K.K.K., SS or other offensive images or acronyms.
The events again raise the question: What should applicants think ?
Wang Feng, head of the Brookings-Tsinghua Center for Public Policy at Tsinghua University in Beijing, said the data show that China “has completely turned a page in its demographic history.” “It is now a post-transitional population, with very low fertility, quite low mortality, and is being increasingly urbanized,” he said in an e-mail on Thursday.
“It’s a mixture, all kinds of people,” he said.
More information on the Nook is here .
The airports are set to close to arriving flights at noon.
With the rule changes and proliferation of spread offenses, those numbers will only climb in the coming years.
Now a new study shows that while immigrants constitute just over a third of the city’s population, they make up nearly half of the city’s small-business owners.
Groupon’s road show for its initial public offering brings to mind an article by Joan Magretta titled “Why Business Models Matter” that was published in The Harvard Business Review in 2002.
In the Northwestern study, David Gal, who teaches marketing at the university’s Kellogg School of Management, sought to go beyond the well-documented reality of salivary secretions being tied to hunger and the craving for food.
Working with Yemen and our other allies we will be determined, we will be deliberate, we will be relentless, we will be resolute in our commitment to destroy terrorist networks that aim to kill Americans and to build a world in which people everywhere can live in greater peace, prosperity and security.
But Private Chen’s parents insisted that their son displayed no suicidal or depressive tendencies.
The options here were more expensive, but also more convenient.
“The father is able to protect the next generation chemically,” Dr. Meinwald said.
These trains will be stored underground in tunnels across the city, making it impossible for the agency to provide regular service on those routes.
It now expects growth in luxury sales worldwide this year to average just 2.1 percent, down from the 8.9 percent it predicted just a few months ago.
''Franz Erhard Walther: Work as Action.''
While Eastern European immigrants made up the show’s original union-member cast, the new “Pins & Needles” features mostly minority women.
The Museum of Sex does not go so far as to schedule sleepovers, but other museums do.
He was sentenced to probation in December 2006, and subsequently disappeared three times.
Landscapes are all about getting sharp detail foreground and background, which usually requires a shutter speed on the slow side.
But there are groups in which qualification goes to the wire.
Several debates later, as Mitt Romney solidified his lead, several of the candidates dropped the niceties and began aggressively confronting the former Massachusetts governor about his position on health care and changes in his positions on other issues.
Mr. Elelaimy, 31, first emerged in January as a main voice of the youthful revolutionaries who improbably harnessed public protest to topple President Hosni Mubarak.
A quadrennial Pentagon review identified several countries in the region as strategic partners.
Since we know that a good portion of the clues will indicate anagrams, we must be on the lookout for words that cue us to the anagrams, even if they’re not obvious.
Some, like the poet Amiri Baraka, talk in the tired old language of racial betrayal.
At 8 p.m., Miller Theater, 2960 Broadway, at 116th Street, (212) 854-7799, millertheatre.com ; $25.
M.W., Mahwah, N.J. As a Dear Abby for girls since 1994, I receive countless letters with signoffs like “Keep or dump?” or “Make up or break up?” I disagree with the advice in Denizet-Lewis’s essay that they should “bravely confront the awkwardness of face-to-face breakups.” Face to face often leads to body to body; so for many teenagers, a respectful, heartfelt phone call (not a text or a Facebook message) can be a better idea.
“As long as it is not disturbed, it posses no health risks,” said Cheyenne Westphal, chairwoman of Sotheby’s contemporary art department in Europe.
“Everybody’s pointing fingers at the other guys,” Mr. Naville said.
From the very instant they first boot up their computer in the morning, their in-boxes comprise an unbroken catalog of outrage stories ideologically tailored to their pre-existing obsessions.” As Kay sees it, the Enlightenment is itself at stake.
Fehr, whose nomination to the post was approved overwhelmingly in a full membership vote announced Dec. 18, said: “What I’m going to try to do over the next several months to a year is to absorb as much detailed knowledge as I can as to how the industry operates, what the players’ role is in it, how the various provisions of the collective bargaining agreement work, what people think is good about it, what they think is bad, what they think can be improved, what they think can’t be improved or shouldn’t be touched.” Fehr, who led baseball’s players association for 26 years before stepping down in 2009, declined to discuss specific issues involved in future negotiations.
“We were surprised,” said Amy Wachholtz, director of health psychology at University of Massachusetts and co-author of the paper.
The settlement is just the latest chapter in a six-year struggle to win a fair share of the redevelopment pie for struggling neighborhoods.
They also have less access to the Internet than Egyptians, depriving them of one of the tools that helped organize the mass protests in Cairo.
Meanwhile, they read articles that quoted anonymous police sources stating, variously, that Mr. Lefevre had run a red light near the scene of the accident, at Meserole Street and Morgan Avenue, or that he had been passing a truck on the right as the truck was turning, making him a casualty of a right hook.
It’s bigger now in the U.S. than it’s ever been in any other part of the world.” Foust is now committed to rallycross, a version of high-performance rallying repackaged for stadiums.
With the 10-year anniversary coming up, it’s going to be a little different without her.” “You cannot say that something that happened to you is a miracle,” Chief Jonas said.
A mélange of 1980s-influenced styles, it’s a shimmering album that wears its thrill on its sleeve, unashamed of aiming for something grand, but savvy enough to get there in a way that’s textured and not just literal.
It accounts for about 9 percent market share in display, with projected revenue of about $1.1 billion, according to eMarketer.
The next year, he was badly injured in a car accident when his speeding state vehicle crashed.
Beyond the gothic confines of Yale, he was becoming one of the most influential conservative clerics in American Islam, drawing a tide of followers in the fundamentalist movement known as Salafiya .
THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO, by Stieg Larsson.
“I was thinking, ‘Just get out, get out.’ ” She took the elevator, she said, “And it was crowded with other workers, coming outside.” Not all New Yorkers evacuated, of course.
Thanks to a number of artists (not excluding Jay-Z), rap feels new again in 2011.
“Egypt is missing instruments essential to any functioning democracy and these must be established in the transition period — an independent judiciary, a representative Parliament, an open press,” Mr. Kaseem said.
The show started as a collection of songs by Jon and Al Kaplan, then became a screenplay, before being adapted for the stage by Hunter Bell, one of the writers and stars of “[title of show].” Direction and choreography are by Christopher Gattelli.
The fiscal crisis in Wisconsin, as in other states, was largely caused by the increasing power of America’s oligarchy.
None of this need necessarily undermine the moral and strategic validity of the intervention.
My mind was not there at all.
But when he saw Stallings make the difficult putt, he said, he was happy for him.
The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee sees Mr. Brown, who won a special election in 2010 for the seat that had been held by Edward M. Kennedy and whose victory served as the beginning of the Tea Party wave, as a key target because he represents a Democratic-leaning state where President Obama ’s coattails could help the party’s candidate.
“The more knowledgeable young visitors immediately hijacked the avatar and took her to horrific sex clubs,” Mr. Phillips said, noting that he had checked the exhibition regularly to make sure the creature wasn’t engaged in anything too lurid.
As part of the agreement to expand Pan Asia into an electric car development center, Mr. Girsky said that G.M.
“We need to show the riders out there that we are listening.” His proposal prompted more arguments from board members about the agency’s perilous finances.
It was only after he won the presidency that Mr. Reagan’s administration proposed cuts in Social Security.
He refused to give his name, citing security concerns.
With Eliot enthroned as “the Vicar of Academies,” it was “no accident that the poets brought into favor by the New Criticism were Catholics or High Church Anglicans,” the young Bloom pointed out, or that “academic criticism of literature in our time became almost an affair of church wardens.” So he wrote in “The Visionary Company,” his comprehensive study of the Romantics, published in 1961, its heroes the radical dissenters Blake and Shelley.
Alissa Czisny has been working for years on letting go of situations she cannot control, from a string of on-ice disappointments to real-life heartache.
That includes Mr. Gupta’s phone records of on Sept. 23, 2008.
He sees convergence as hinting at a teleology, or intelligent architecture , in the universe.
He has suggested that getting the Senate on board is the next task.
Many of the failed harvests of the past decade were a consequence of weather disasters, like floods in the United States, drought in Australia and blistering heat waves in Europe and Russia.
“I think she just didn’t believe in herself that much.
Germany and France last week proposed far-reaching plans to deepen integration among the 17 nations that use the euro.
And I’m not claiming that I’m superperceptive — the improvement is simply that obvious.
“Too many movies have killed what was the impetus for romance — human contact — by making it so readily available,” said Jeanine Basinger, the chairwoman of the film studies department at Wesleyan University.
The government managed to pass a new property tax in Parliament last week, indicating that Mr. Papandreou was still able to rally wavering lawmakers.
Snapping his lead wrist on the follow-through of his swing was especially wrenching.
Ratty hair, rampant self-pity and rock-god dissipation.
“At some point we’ll probably be back in front of the mediator,” he said.
That's 9 percent more of these procedures than in 2009, but a drop of 47 percent since 2000.
“In industry, bankers and fund managers have carried off the prizes,” Mr. Woodruff says, “while most of us are Ajaxes, team players who work hard at our various tasks and are loyal to the communities in which we live.” We grow angry, he says, when rewards go to those “who do not live by our values.” Justice, we believe, has failed.
There, alongside a bicycle laced with rust, stood a silver-haired man, elegantly dressed in a faded rose-colored linen shirt and long khaki Bermuda shorts.
Today’s lower rates surely make adding debt that runs another couple of decades that much more attractive.
And in 13, whispering was easier on the vocal cords.
Computers, she says, can make learning more appealing.
“We are empowering the attorneys nationally to make them more like federal prosecutors, who decide what cases to bring,” said a senior Homeland Security official, who asked not to be named because the policy has not been formally announced.
This is mostly because the rich make a huge chunk of their income from stocks and other investments, in the form of capital gains and dividends.
In lieu of flowers, please send donations to the Northern Westchester Hospital Fund or the SPCA of Westchester.
Kidding aside, it is hard to ignore the fallout from recent American forays into European soccer, like fans burning an effigy of Malcolm Glazer, the owner of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers who bought Manchester United.
Her emotions were clearly raw from a court case that led to widespread vilification of her husband.
This has infuriated police chiefs and other law-enforcement professionals who say Secure Communities hurts community policing because it makes innocent immigrants fear the police and erodes the trust and cooperation of crime victims and witnesses.
Hundreds of thousands of people turned out last month in New Delhi to vent a visceral outrage at the state of Indian politics.
The free version has the same definitions, and, oddly, it includes features lacking in the paid versions.
Picard is seeking $1 billion.
Instead, he hired Armenco Cater Truck Manufacturing to outfit a used step-body truck with a custom freezer system and an Emery Thompson hard ice cream machine.
When this occurs, it is as if we have been afforded a clear and unblocked view of a character that no one on the stage has been allowed.
labor talks got under way.
China should not be affected for the next three days, the agency said.
Much of the time, Kirsten embraced the tutoring, which he punctuated with unabashed displays of affection.
“We’re helping because they are a longstanding cultural institution that brings a lot of people to the waterfront,” said Anne Taupier, project manager at the Mayor’s Office of Economic and Workforce Development.
I desperately wanted a pile of fresh greens and washed a pound for four people.
And Ms. Robb makes an appealing Bethany, wounded but determined and largely self-reliant.
From noon to 3 p.m., Audubon Center, Prospect Park, near the Lincoln Road and Ocean Avenue entrance, (718) 287-3400, Ext.
Her mother retired as a bilingual and first-grade teacher at La Mesa Elementary School in Albuquerque.
Monroe County, N.Y., Industrial Development Corporation, $162 million of revenue bonds.
The Giants arrived at their practice facility on a muted Monday after a 38-35 loss to the Green Bay Packers that was promising but for the final 58 seconds.
If you have a strong mind-set, you can do anything.
By midnight, a few hundred people had gathered at the intersection of Vesey and Church street s, in front of the site.
Now I’m a libertarian transhumanist.” Sample: "I think preparing for climate-change apocalypse is just one step shy of getting ready for the zombie hordes, but whatever."
“When Aggie basketball is the leading topic on the farm in Direct, Tex., you know it is a big deal,” Crawford said.
That it is gaining in popularity defies comprehension, at least to some people.
Pop Prices may not reflect ticketing service charges.
why kan’t I keep my share?
Join the conversation at nytimes.com/fifthdown.
That anger had spilled into chauvinism against Shiite Muslims, intensifying the hostility they already felt for Alawites.
It gave no clarification on Mr. Strauss-Kahn’s account of what happened on May 14 in his suite at the Sofitel New York.
“I would love to be able to say those are going to be 100 percent effective, we’re going to turn this thing around,” she said.
One brilliant Hebrew scholar of the day, Hugh Broughton, had seen that a new translation was needed, but his abrasive manner apparently kept him off the six committees of scholars to whom the work was assigned.
LEED certification, shorthand for Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design, is important to landlords because it tells the public, and investors, that their buildings save energy.
And even Monday, after the supposedly calming effect of a new, technocratic prime minister in Rome , lenders were demanding that Italy pay interest rates at levels high enough to eventually bankrupt the country.
Meanwhile, he is moving forward with a pilot program that will establish several criminal courts to handle the cases of nonviolent 16- and 17-year-olds in less punitive ways.
Also useful: the interactive timeline about the scandal.
Paramount Center for the Arts, 1008 Brown Street.
The Saints did not go meekly.
While Felix is a threat, it also offers a possible exit — a buyer willing to pay at high valuations.
Some businesses’ basements were flooded, and Consolidated Edison had shut down service to some 500 customers.
He enrolled at Harvard to study physics and master the technology of filmmaking.
The museum is planning related events, including a program called “Muppet Music Moments,” on Saturday, which would have been Henson’s 75th birthday.
to curb this abuse is vital, especially with the Federal Election Commission paralyzed by its Republican members.
doesn’t wish to discourage innovation when it comes to automotive technology,” she wrote.
“What I confirm is that it is not purposeful, and it’s a shame for an Egyptian to say that another Egyptian from the army could be trained to run over protesters,” General Emara said.
At the time, polls revealed that two-thirds of Americans hoped the conflict would end quickly but simultaneously opposed antiwar demonstrations.
Read more » “A-R-E-T-H-A,” by Rob Hoerburger (July 8, 2011) Aretha Franklin sat alone with a Coke.
The city has become wary in recent years of allowing buildings to be demolished unless new construction starts immediately.
(Her family said later that the nickname referred to her soccer skills, not her love life.)
He admitted disclosing ''classified information concerning the communication intelligence activities of the United States,'' standard language for the interception of phone calls, e-mails and other messages by the F.B.I.
I lived through the process.
A major stumbling block for Mr. Cherubin has been borrowing money.
McHale, who lives in nearby Englewood Cliffs, N.J., reached set point at 6-1, by pushing Bartoli off court and with a backhand up the middle.
Romola Garai and Vanessa Redgrave are Briony as a young woman and as an older writer.
On the other hand, she can also be closed off and a little blank, the prerogatives of the star, even as a high school junior.
Analysts said that as financial results trickled in, stocks would continue to weather the outlook for the United States economy.
from the American Consulate in Lahore rushed to the scene and knocked over a motorcyclist who later died.
Several years ago, the gas companies arrived, part of a sort of rush in Arkansas to drill for gas in a geological formation called the Fayetteville shale.
In a briefing last week, Jay Carney , the White House press secretary, even invoked the memory of former president Ronald Reagan to get the point across.
So they are conservative but not extreme.” The poll also found that a majority of Egyptians, 54 percent, want to annul the 1979 peace treaty with Israel that has been a cornerstone of Egyptian foreign policy and the region’s stability.
If your chosen books were already priced, Mr. Howard almost always lowered the sum demanded for each unless he didn’t like you.
On the negative side, only 13 of the 34 hybrids cut more than 25 percent of greenhouse emissions compared with their gasoline engine counterparts.
Parents understanding that it is their responsibility, not the school’s responsibility, to bring their kids up with the right values.
Citigroup announced a profit of $3.8 billion, or $1.23 a share, beating analyst consensus estimates of 81 cents a share.
If choosing among competing private plans on a government-regulated exchange is a good idea for someone at age 50, why is it so horrific for someone who is 70?
The BMW Group owns Rolls-Royce, and the Ghost’s engine, a 6.6-liter turbocharged V-12, is related to the 6-liter V-12 in the 760Li, one of the models recalled by BMW.
Serious weather geeks will revel in the raw radar data displayed by the $10 Radarscope app.
“I’m proud of trying to find things that give young people a reason to study science and math and technology,” he said.
“The film is composed of so many different film stocks, we had to constantly ride focus and sound levels when we projected it,” Mr. Dante explained, “so digitization seemed the way to go.
“Noonie has played well, but Derek is our shortstop,” Girardi said.
On Monday night, Ms. Minnelli performed solo for nearly two hours at the Olympia in Paris, the fabled theater where she first performed 41 years ago.
On Tuesday, the nuclear industry focused on two elements that were conspicuous by their absence.
Bradley D. Simon, a New York defense lawyer and former federal prosecutor, said some American lawyers also disliked the “theatrics of the criminal justice system.” But he rejected French assertions that Mr. Strauss-Kahn had been unfairly singled out.
He sat down afterward with Sowell in his office.
A bit of background: their New Year was spent in St. Barths, finally accepting an oft-repeated invitation from their good friend the venture capitalist Vivi Nevo to come and stay.
Ross Ramsey, the managing editor of The Texas Tribune, writes a column for The Tribune.
The accumulated loss has been estimated at over 4,321 crores rupees ($900 million).
But as Dale K. Craymer, president of the taxpayers association, pointed out, they weren’t yelling about it when the state was running surpluses.
Murray must be able to converse through megaphones and casually fiddle with odd bric-a-brac, like a hula-girl statue with lighted breasts that blink on and off.
The Chinese, meantime, hope the United States will deal with its huge debt problems and maintain the value of the dollar — and with it the value of China’s dollar-based holdings.
censored the specific breakdown for each category.
Instead of euthanizing the game, Hutchins merely put it in a coma.
“If Monitor could not stand up to the Confederate guns, the four contractors would be left with a useless, battered ship, perhaps even sunk or captured by the enemy, and a huge debt to the U.S. government.” Mr. Ericsson managed to build the ship in less than four months while dealing with continual worries from the Navy and skepticism from the public.
''It's an attitude and a pop of the unpredictable.''
He scored 7 straight points, including a 3-pointer with 2:02 remaining, cutting the Heat’s lead to 3.
“It’s a beautiful thing.” (Sony, Blu-ray/DVD combo $40.99, DVD $30.99, R) PAGE ONE: INSIDE THE NEW YORK TIMES Andrew Rossi’s documentary examines the workings of the Times’s media desk, focusing on the reporters David Carr, Tim Arango and Brian Stelter.
Later, however, the commissioner punished the inspector by docking 15 days of his vacation and transferring him to a new job.)
“I’ve got a place downtown, and that’s doing terrible, too.” That downtown store is three blocks from TD Ameritrade Park , the bright new home of the C.W.S.
Mr. Haggerty has denied wrongdoing.
At the Brighton Ballet Theater School of Russian Ballet, most of the 400 students are children and grandchildren of Russian-speaking immigrants from the former Soviet Union.
Mr. Perry said he did not want to “go back and change 70 years” of the program.
New York is set to lose two House seats because of the 2010 census, and many believe that Mr. Weiner’s territory will be carved up to benefit Democratic incumbents in adjoining districts.
The squat but exquisitely carved figures aren’t as sweet as they look.
The worse a team’s record the previous year, the more it will have to spend in the draft, and internationally.
And Rick Santorum , the former senator from Pennsylvania , has put photographs of his seven children on political brochures, with this detail: “Rick and his wife, Karen, have home-schooled each of their children.” That last fact was well known to Dwayne Kriegel, a postal carrier in Grinnell, who is backing Mr. Santorum in the caucus on Tuesday.
We don’t need a bunch of cats in here — mee-oow!
“After the civil war, disarmament was fairly — if not very — successful in Liberia, but there are still a lot of weapons around in Côte d’Ivoire,” she said.
—Lynn It’s true that students are asked on the Common Application and other application forms if they will be applying for financial aid.
LOOK, I MADE A HAT: Collected Lyrics (1981-2011) With ­Attendant Comments, Amplifications, Dogmas, Harangues, Digressions, ­Anecdotes and Miscellany , by Stephen Sondheim (Knopf, $45.)
Washington THE United States needed to eliminate Osama bin Laden to fulfill our sense of justice and, to a lesser extent, to end the myth of his invincibility.
First posted online by a British tabloid, The Sun, the video shows Mr. Galliano at his regular table, apparently telling two women he thought were Jewish, “I love Hitler” and “People like you would be dead today.
Coming from the world of styling as you do, how does fashion — unlike art — draw the line at sex?
“I’ve been lucky enough to do well, so I’m happy to give back,” Mr. Hunt said.
According to the account I heard, although the draft’s language was softened accordingly, the Russians made clear that the resolution — seen by its sponsors as opening a legal gate for Western action against Syria by individual countries or groups of them — has no future.
Across New York City , sellers of luxury apartments — or at least those with a little gloss — have been whipping themselves to a froth finding the extravagant freebies that will say just the right things about their properties and, by extension, the life habits of the people who would live there.
Then her voice grew so faint it was barely audible.
“It was this weird thing,” he said.
“ ‘It’s meant to be, I don’t understand.
Fridays through Sundays, noon to 6 p.m. Fovea Exhibitions, 143 Main Street.
It is not clear that is happening, however.
“We will protest, we will protest, until the government collapses!” They called for the complete eradication of the old ruling party, while complaining that outlawed parties like the once powerful Islamist groups or the Tunisian Communists — battle-scarred stalwarts of the long dissident fight against Mr. Ben Ali’s 23-year-rule — were still barred from participating.
In fact, these experiences have been called a “first marriage” because that is when siblings first learn (or don’t learn) about sharing, fighting, loving, negotiating and using power.
Turkey aspires to join the European Union, and a recent report on Turkey’s performance in the membership process harshly criticized journalists’ arrests and a record-high tax penalty ordered in 2009 against Dogan Media Group, which has been critical of the government.
But the title at Roland Garros remains there for the taking, and there is still a chance that it may be there for the defending.
“When Christina was on the pills, she told me one morning about a dream she had.
There has been a subsequent skyrocketing of the state’s adult prison population, to 49,033 today from 6,000 in 1973, while tales of horrible conditions prompted the advent in 2005 of a separate Department of Juvenile Justice.
Pulling said he had another copy of this one, a favorite, in his home.)
Here are some of the most common errors that golfers make, courtesy of the veteran caddies at Sleepy Hollow Country Club.
The emergency crews soon called a doctor at the University of New Mexico’s emergency medicine department, part of a consortium that consults when a 911 call brings a situation outside the norm — and this certainly qualified.
And we wouldn’t want it to be just for Pebble Beach concours winners.
“American Idol” cut its field of contestants down to 60 on Thursday as Part 3 of the reality show’s Hollywood Week remained unstoppable in the ratings, attracting 21.9 million viewers at 8 p.m., according to Nielsen’s estimates.
They may understand that they cannot be seen leaving a party with a lobbyist of the opposite sex, but sending raunchy pictures online at midnight seems somehow different.
And driving an ostentatious car!
DRAWING (DRAWING BY MATTEO PERICOLI)
Partly because of Irving H. Franklin, almost all do today.
Raban is no slouch himself when it comes to coloratura.
The more selective colleges will often then use scores as an additional filter that will weigh into their decision.
The logic behind all of these is that these entities and programs would turn to the government for more money and support if they ran short of funds, and now, with the United States’ downgrade last week, according to Standard & Poor’s, the nation is a little less likely to make good on its promises.
ALLEN There is no question that one day gravity will suddenly cease and I will come loose and float up but I see myself floating up out of my trousers so not only am I adrift but hovering in my shorts.
They arrived in the New York City region after ice age glaciers retreated 12,000 years ago.
The Sloan Foundation has invested $15 million in the project, and other institutions and countries have provided a further $60 million.
Which role was your big professional breakthrough?
“On my birthday this year, I hit up five different places in town that give out free things or birthday deals,” she said.
Levitt Pavilion, 40 Jesup Road.
The president continues to make concessions.
“It’s now a reality on the ground.” That reality has been shaped by what advocates for gay families say are two distinct trends: the need for homes for children currently waiting for adoption — now about 115,000 in the United States — and the increased acceptance of gays and lesbians in American society.
It was a valuable byproduct: cocoa butter, which is largely responsible for making Belgian chocolate superior as local chocolatiers refuse to supplement it with vegetable oils or shortening, as is done in some other countries.
Everybody is in the same bowl together.
“We would talk to him, we would arrange his release.” American officials declined to comment immediately.
are among the lowest in the region.
“If you’ve been walking your whole life and you start jogging, you’re still not running,” Auriemma said.
The term covers a wide range of behind-the-scenes tactics for getting search engine users to visit a Web site, like choosing story topics based on popular searches.
I think this year, I’ve grown into the job.
Unlike his classic plays, famously set in a dreamy, drawling South, this absurdist satire introduces us to New York ladies who lunch.
“We have developed a simple long-range camera that is displayed in a monitor that I use to drive the car the first 700 feet with,” Mr. Case wrote.
President Viktor F. Yanukovich and Prime Minister Mykola Azarov planned to fly to the accident site, their offices said.
She’s young and feels alone, despite loving her adoptive parents and brother.
This summer, Mr. Obama called Mr. Buffett from his vacation on Martha’s Vineyard to discuss ways to spur the economy.
As it is, the agency can do only so much.
It leaves citizens unaware of the source of programs and unable to form meaningful opinions about them.
The names themselves are not necessarily extraordinary, except for the nature of the show on which they gamely appear.
Those plans ran into trouble when some studies showed that the proposed network could interfere with global-positioning devices.
“The six-nation bloc is trying to bolster its defense,” said Ayesha Sabavala, a Middle East economist at the Economist Intelligence Unit, based in London.
Unprecedented Affront In 1978, when Mr. Carey ran for a second term, he was challenged in the primary by his own lieutenant governor, Mary Anne Krupsak, an unheard-of affront to a sitting governor.
Across the country, it is easier than ever to carry a handgun in public.
I always told him, don’t live in a surreal world.
“My wife, Sandy, and our children and family thank you for your thoughts and prayers.
Mr. Green’s research and conclusions resonate well beyond a minority community’s relationship to crime and the police.
It appears on our money, it appears in this chamber above your head, it appears in the Capitol Visitors’ Center, all over the place.” The motto’s words have been the subject of discussion before.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY BRYAN HAEFFELE); PELHAM: ''Jellyfish Sunburst,'' a photograph by Edward Dorson, is on view in ''The Ocean Reglitterized,'' running through Oct. 29 at Pelham Art Center, 155 Fifth Avenue.
POMPTON LAKES Smiling Rhino Theater “13 The Musical.” Sept. 17 and 18.
It can be a heavy legacy.
Marina Poplavskaya replaces the originally announced Angela Gheorghiu as Marguerite, and Ren?ape is a M?istoph?s not likely to be lost in the shadows.
Ms. Lakshmi, the “Top Chef” host and cookbook author, is no stranger to the medium, having appeared in a GQ spread that found her rhapsodizing about bacon and playfully nibbling ribs in a boudoir.
“The key points will be sourcing and pristine ingredients,” Mr.
But the game’s lasting image was more freeze than flow.
But Democrats in the Assembly are rightly startled by a provision that would require a 60 percent majority vote for local property tax increases that exceed 2 percent.
What Zynga is calling Project Z will be a new platform, an environment tailored just for games.
Fletcher’s application to purchase an additional apartment in the Dakota was rejected based on financial materials he provided.” “Any accusations of racial discrimination are untrue and outrageous,” the statement continued.
Lucy Reese, an independent, said she disagreed with many of Mr. Paul’s positions, including his opposition to abortion rights.
It doesn’t show in the image but between shots there was a lot of fooling around.
Mr. Carlo, who is originally from Whitestone, Queens, is a retired firefighter from Ladder Company 23 in Harlem.
The evening begins with a flurry of ID numbers, questionnaires and one-on-one entrance exams, followed by ... well, a lot of things.
I fell in love with the combination of sweet and savory, tender and crunchy.
He wrote a pithy, plainspoken essay to The Huffington Post, an explicit attempt to counter the heated rhetoric of the debate.
I would like to have a conversation with him about why he did that.” Absent that opportunity, Ms. Wood took her concerns about what Mr. Obama checked to a meeting of the campus chapter of the N.A.A.C.P.
RIDGEFIELD Anne S. Richardson Auditorium, Ridgefield High School “Brahms Fulfilled,” presented by the Ridgefield Symphony Orchestra.
There is hope in this passage from the suicidal Arab rage of 9/11 to the brave resistance of Libya’s 2/17 Benghazi revolution — and the other revolutions and uprisings sweeping the region.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , which had been scheduled for Sunday.
One cluster will include Brazil, Britain, China, France, Germany, India and Russia, while another will include Africa, the Baltics, the Middle East and Turkey.
With age, the numbers of unmarried black women and men become significantly lower, suggesting that both find themselves at places in their lives where they are ready and able to commit.
“The recession has led to a smaller economy, less activity and less energy consumption,” said Revis W. James, director of the Energy Technology Assessment Center at the Electric Power Research Institute, a utility consortium.
The restrictions imposed by the Castro regime on the lucky few with exit visas prevented me from taking much.
“Tatra: The Last 50 Years” is on view at the museum through May 21, 2012.
Still, Mr. Pelly’s direction allows ample room for the opera’s sentiment and humor to shine through.
Change is especially hard in a collective, and to get this government to change, to get this body to change, after all the years and after all the attempts and after people are so set in their ways, it's going to be difficult.
The new neighbors are friendly enough.
In its report, the rural council said it had expanded broadband service to more than seven million rural Americans, including three million rural households and more than 350,000 rural businesses.
“For first graders,” she said, “we want them to move up and write to the president and talk about the war, but in reality, that’s not what they’re thinking about — this is what they’re thinking about.
But what about the poor lonely freelancer?
Money and Beauty: Bankers, Botticelli and the Bonfire of the Vanities.
The bodies of executed men, discovered as the former rebels advanced, raised the possibility that they were fighting for their lives.
They should have evacuated it fast.” The Indiana Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the state fire marshal’s office were investigating what caused the collapse, said Cindy Hoye, the fair’s executive director.
The outstanding matchups this weekend in soccer A curate’s egg of a weekend.
A funeral service will be held on Friday, May 27, 2011 at 11:00am at Community Synagogue in Rye, N.Y.
Halladay never throws a straight pitch that his catcher can catch flush or a batter can hit solidly.
Most of all, they’re playing to win.
But yeah, instinctively they’re playing for Pat.” Glory Johnson , the Lady Vols’ star forward, said, “We’re playing for everyone with the disease, not just Pat.” But Summitt, sounding much like her usual self, has told her team to just play to improve and to win.
And given the condition of the country, I think we’re going to have really close, hard-fought campaign.” In political campaigns, there are no referees.
At first Mr. Hohn may have hoped to do his reporting long distance.
(The National Science Foundation provided a grant for the poster project.)
NOT much more than 20 minutes after hitting the buzzer at Phoebe Stephens's apartment on East 18th Street (after barging in on the upstairs neighbor, who took the intrusion in stride), Ms. Stephens and her sister, Annette, both jewelry designers, were talking about Loulou de la Falaise, a muse to many exotic creatures, who died Nov. 5.
An additional 55 graves held the remains of Qaddafi soldiers whose condition was too poor for any identification.
The most dubious decision he made was to bring an indictment so quickly, rather than taking more time to investigate.
Some, however, are more forthright, proclaiming a moral duty to avenge, especially when the law fails and breaches its part of the social contract.
At 10:30 a.m., Circle in the Square Theater, 1633 Broadway, at 50th Street, (212) 307-0388, circlesquare.org ; $5.
At least that’s how George Nolfi’s experience pitching “The Adjustment Bureau” should have gone.
Its shares closed Thursday at $16.59, up $1.11, but down from the $29.60 when Mr. Gorman became chief at the start of 2010.
Its restrictions on freedom of movement resemble the pass laws of apartheid South Africa.
We’re at the start of a nonlinear move in innovation thanks to the hyperconnecting of the world — through social media, mobile/wireless devices and cloud computing — which is putting cheap innovation devices into the hands of so many more people, enabling them to collaborate on invention is so many new ways.
The book may be right, but the authors do not explain a Mark Zuckerberg, who, like most of Silicon Valley's celebrities, never served in the military.
“They are really pushing people into the illicit market,” said Kris Hermes, a spokesman for Americans for Safe Access .
With the help of New York Sea Grant , Mr. Silverman tracked down a group of lobstermen who meet at Land and Sea Fish Market/Restaurant in Mount Sinai, N.Y.
Sticking to the unsustainable status quo will only place Israel in greater danger.
(“Get those nurses and firefighters who lost their job on television,” one Democratic adviser said.)
Germany, the European creditor in chief, has seemed oblivious to distress calls for emergency action and is pursuing a single-minded strategy of changing the European Union’s treaty to entrench tougher fiscal discipline.
Alzheimer’s specialists said they expected that if the scan were approved it would come into widespread use.
IT didn’t take long for Sarbjit Singh to decide where to buy an apartment.
We do a lot of things to try and pull the company together and make sure that we’re all on the same page.
Either way, it may well shift the thought that this election is over.” With time running short, Chicago election officials said that ballots for the Feb. 22 election would be printed as early as Tuesday — and that Mr. Emanuel’s name would not appear on them.
From our first meeting in the 1960s to our final days together before her death in 2009, we remained in love, just like any other happily married couple.
“The attitude is: Look West,” Ms. Nantana said.
After a skillfully rendered hurricane and a trip into the heart of darkness in a swamp, the Kid is delivered by the Professor’s thorny games of deceit and manipulation into an association with the novel’s slightest character: a magazine writer who, as Banks describes him, looks a little like both Ernest Hemingway and Banks himself.
New World Stages, 340 West 50th Street, Clinton, (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com .
Alexandra Brodsky, a Yale senior who helped organize Tuesday’s protest, said in an interview that recruiting “serves to divide the campus.” Ms. Brodsky added that she had recently begun openly questioning the career choices of her finance-minded friends, because “these are people who could be doing better things with their energy.” Kate Orazem, a senior in the student group, added that Yale students often go into finance expecting to leave after several years, but end up staying for their entire careers.
Egypt was in a state of drift and decline and, as a result, so was the Arab world at large.
Knowing that the man who caused such suffering is dead brings both solace and melancholy, but most of all a sense of relief.
In 2005 a TNT mini-series, “Into the West” made a point of flipping TV clichés — the first alcohol served is not “firewater” whiskey, but an Indian ceremonial drink, the first massacre is committed by buffaloes, not vigilantes or the cavalry, and the first scalping of a frontiersman is committed by a grizzly bear, not an Indian in war paint.
Championship in August was palpable.
To me this means he will never be president.
“I wanted cute,” she said, “something with small Victorian spaces, maybe a little railroad flat.” The couple were scheduled to move in on Sept. 12, 2001.
Meanwhile, BankSimple is moving headquarters from New York to Portland, where it is building a customer-service call center.
They can stick to the norms or find capital elsewhere.
Crude, rude and with more foul language than a Gordon Ramsay marathon, this smutty staple could give even the most hardened Francophobe a few guilty giggles.
Scientists say that while construction vehicles contribute significantly to overall diesel emissions in an area, their effect is usually temporary.
They have hired their own Washington lobbyist, financed in part by the $400 million in settlements, jury verdicts and royalties earned in recent years.
If so, my son lost his Buzz Lightyear at that sale on Saturday morning.
But if the hype doesn’t wear off soon, the scarcity value of social network investments surely will.
“We were going to be closing some time in January,” Ms. Evangelista said.
I cannot go out there.
The 30,875-square-foot mansion, which overlooks Hillsborough Bay, features seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms, a pool, two boat lifts, a drive-through portico and a pair of three-car garages flanking the north and south ends of the property.
Some economists have concluded that more than half the variation in output per worker across the United States can be explained by density alone; density explains more of the productivity gap across states than education levels or industry concentrations or tax policies.
It would be a huge loss if we were to lose that.”
Today, Project Gutenberg lists more than 30,000 books in 60 languages, with the emphasis on titles of interest to the general reader in three categories: “light literature,” “heavy literature” and reference works.
You just want to sit and gaze in blissful stupefaction at “Volume,” which features a single kinetic light sculpture by Leo Villareal .
Mr. Irving compared his role at Yahoo to his experience as a drummer.
''When pain becomes chronic, when it becomes persistent even after the tissue and injury have healed, then people are suffering from chronic pain,'' Dr. Mackey said.
The director of the human rights group, who uses the pseudonym Rami Abdul-Rahman for security reasons, said that clashes between deserters and the military had increased in recent weeks on the outskirts of Hama and Homs, as well as in the southern province of Dara’a and in Idlib.
“The only English I heard was from our neighbors in Jersey, and ‘ Sesame Street ,’ ” Ms. Arianda said.
“Any major league owner would be very pleased to have a player performing at the level at which Carlos Beltran is performing this season.” The comments by Wilpon, made while watching a game last month, illustrate the improbability that the Mets will re-sign Jose Reyes and particularly Beltran, who can both become free agents after this season.
On Predappio’s main street, a handful of shops do brisk business in Fascist memorabilia, like the Predappio Tricolore store, which hawks everything from truncheons to Mussolini calendars.
Add two parents for every student, and the halls were like subway cars in Tokyo during rush hour, except in Tokyo people have more than two minutes to get from Point A to Point B, or in my case from Point B minus to Point C plus.
She was executive producer of "Quicksand," "To Dance with Olivia" and "Keeping Secrets."
Mr. Smith had spent much of his career at CBS as an anchor of its variously titled morning news programs.
Any pianist approaching the task today has to begin by deciding where to come down on the issue, since precursors lurk at every point along the spectrum.
He said that there were no plans to change the site’s name, but that a change of management would be in store if the deal went through.
There are three million immigrants in New York City When they left home, knowing it could be forever, they packed what they could not bear to leave behind: necessities, luxuries, memories.
“Clearly the fish are consuming highly radioactive food,” said Paul G. Falkowski, a professor of marine, earth and planetary sciences at Rutgers University.
It prompted a public inquiry into sanitation in a city infamous for pollution, smog and gargantuan dumps, like the Great Dust Heap at King’s Cross where scavengers eked out a living by selling trash.
“It’s a wedding party,” said Bryan Ward, an angling officer with Inland Fisheries Ireland.
He was a very kind man.
Together, Borders and Waldenbooks associates have helped millions of people discover new books, music, and movies, and I hope you’ll take pride in the role we’ve played in our customers’ lives.
Randall does manage to deliver such moments, if not as consistently as other physics-popularizers (notably Steven Weinberg, Brian Greene and Lawrence Krauss).
Louisville and West Virginia are prime Big 12 targets.
Movies may not be high on lists of supplies needed by refugees, but for many people suffering the effects of war and long-term displacement, film screenings can be an all-too-rare source of diversion and psychological release, advocates say.
His sort might really feel emboldened in a blogger-infested culture that is mostly free of editors and ethical norms.
He continued his studies at Columbia University and worked at Austin Nichols where he met his lifelong business associate Ab Simon.
In terms of the play itself, I found that because a tablet’s screen is larger than a phone’s and because you tend to use tablets for longer periods at a stretch, the games can become more involved and more strategic and have longer-term ambitions.
All major credit cards accepted.
But he has adjusted quite well.”
Ideas: Jobs Was a Tweaker Malcolm Gladwell says that Steve Jobs was a “tweaker.” Mobile is powering more holiday shopping trips.
The government did not release an official response in the wake of the president’s comments.
What the Getty bought are day planners from Man Ray’s years in Paris — 1923 to 1940, 1951 to 1958 and 1971.
“Chinon,” a panoramic view painted on a monumental scale in 1987 is perhaps the most striking tribute paid by Mr. Richter to much admired predecessors.
And then a few minutes later, they were back onstage, starting up another round.
Recently, Anthony Carter and Ronny Turiaf, the closest player the Knicks have to a natural center, were out of the rotation.
“Lots of guys are not understanding what’s happening to traditional low-income or middle-income male jobs.” Jobs in the male-dominated manufacturing industry and in other sectors involving manual labor have been, and still are, in structural decline.
Bangorn Auppara, 76, a resident who once worked for the Shinawatras, says the secret to the family’s success has been a mixture of hard work, resourcefulness, and “stinginess.” The family became powerful in the area, she said, partly by lending out money and confiscating land when the borrowers could not pay back.
Even so, they are so happy with their city cottage that they plan to mass-produce it through a Finnish manufacturer, Finnlamelli , starting in the fall, and have already received orders from people in Norway, Germany and northern Finland.
Mr. Barnett has invested lavish sums to attract families willing to spend heavily on rent.
Mr. Mazany and Ms. Maehr had no time limit, speaking for a total of 11 minutes.
And whatever you do, said Fritz Frigan, the director of leasing at Halstead, once you start looking at rentals, make sure you come fully prepared to complete an application and put down a deposit.
Democrats are hardly conceding the Senate, and even though the election is 18 months off, campaigns are quickly moving into high gear and contenders are scurrying to raise the millions of dollars they will need.
Now, my niece is graduating this March.
Shares fell less than 1 percent in regular trading, to $17.77, then fell more than 3 percent in after-hours trading.
(Cotter) ‘Self-Referral Nonobjective’ (closes on Saturday) This buoyant show of abstractions includes Cary Smith’s eye-popping updates of Mondrian’s “Boogie Woogie” paintings; Douglas Melini’s hypnotic mandalas of layered stripes; Ann Pibal’s sleek, futuristic compositions of stripes on small panels; Richard Rezac’s sensuous and eccentric hybrids of painting and sculpture; Nancy Shaver’s loose constructions of colored blocks; Todd Chilton’s Alfred Jensen-like pattern paintings; and Andrew Massullo’s infectiously comedic, painterly play with irregular colored shapes on white fields.
A hundred years ago, the British royal family was strictly speaking the House of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, thanks to Queen Victoria’s marriage to a German prince.
But one area the magazine has not delved into much is giving advice to the people whose secrets it is usually trying to unlock: men.
This city has a problem.
The effort was commissioned by the Fashion’s Night Out organization and Vogue magazine, part of the Condé Nast Publications unit of Advance Publications.
(Deborah Madison did so most famously, 10 years ago.)
But what’s modern about black leather pants?
You were wearing a single piece polyester or silk dress.
Dalton was a good quarterback.
In lieu of flowers, please send donations to the Church of St. Joseph.
“You cannot have the names until they are filed with the campaign finance board,” he said.
Mr. Winston’s lawyer was Charles T. Mathews, a former prosecutor in the Los Angeles district attorney’s office.
Lt. Col. Hernán Tetzlaff, the head of the family, would recount military operations he had taken part in where “subversives” had been tortured or killed.
In July, mainland tourists, once restricted to coming only on tour groups, began arriving independently by ferry from Xiamen.
in engineering yielded only a job at a concrete mixing company.
Sunni insurgents have frequently attacked Shiite pilgrims visiting Karbala, a sacred city south of Baghdad that is home to the shrine of Imam Hussein.
It is a piece of American history, one of the few surviving planes that were used to train the Tuskegee Airmen, the pioneering, all-black corps that served in the Army during World War II.
Of course I do.” The Hollis event was a holiday party for the local branch of the Republican Party , and the group received him warmly.
PHOTOS (PHOTOGRAPHS BY CORBIS; FILMMAGIC; PATRICK MCMULLAN)
For more than a week, military and security forces have besieged the most restive neighborhoods .
“There are some people who like me and some who don’t.
But the only candidate who can afford not to win may be Mr. Romney, whose strategy in Iowa has consistently been to lower expectations.
Parking in a lot behind the restaurant or at metered street spots in front.
On the fast break, a quick look meant a layup for Udonis Haslem, a 1-point lead for Miami and for James a 10th assist and a triple-double, the measure of all-around excellence.
The commission’s report blamed Israeli military leadership while exonerating its political leadership — including Prime Minister Golda Meir and Defense Minister Moshe Dayan — triggering accusations in the Israeli news media that the report was a whitewash.
But driving was stressful, with no extra pay for overtime, and he lived on fatty foods consumed on the go.
It now faces a wave of lawsuits, including one filed at the end of July by the Federal Housing Finance Agency seeking nearly $1 billion in damages, charging that UBS misrepresented the quality of the underlying mortgages.
June 3 through June 27.
After completing that college’s program, in 2006, they both transferred to Harvard, from which they graduated.
But if today taught anything, it’s that there is still a lot of football left before the national championship game.
It was kind of amazing to watch.
During a special meeting, the senate approved a resolution to establish a special committee “whose chair and the majority of whose members have never been affiliated with Penn State.” The move underscored concern over a similar committee formed by the board of trustees because of its ties to the university.
But in the growing divide in Greece between public-sector and private-sector workers, an increasing number of Greeks regard the power company workers in particular as an overpaid, overprotected caste.
But Mr. Feinberg has become the man the Gulf Coast loves to hate.
But chances are minuscule that Notre Dame or Arkansas would leave their current situations for the Big 12.
He invoked it to justify his blunt statements about Palestinians last week, which some analysts interpreted as a repudiation of long-held American and Israeli policy in favor of a two-state solution.
I had won 123 and lost only 39 in seven seasons, but they threw me out.
To illustrate the point, he grabbed a Time magazine from July 1973 and turned to an article about Mr. Hefner and Bob Guccione, the founder of Penthouse.
“Well, that’s something I’ll address later,” Collins said.
For years, public employee unions across the state have often used their influence — sometimes behind the scenes but occasionally with public, hardball campaigns — to push for improved worker pay and benefits.
If separating ideas from implementation can leave you a little lightheaded, you’ll still walk away dazzled by the greatness of cities and fascinated by this writer’s nimble mind.
“Now you’re probably not losing any sleep.” When major banks acknowledged last fall that they had been illegally processing foreclosures by filing false court documents, they said that any pause in repossessions and evictions would be brief.
The Senate Judiciary Committee, in particular, has been at the forefront of examining antitrust issues, said David A. Balto, a former lawyer with the F.T.C.
“We want to foster competition, because that makes everybody sharpen their pencils and we hope to get better rates from people,” he said.
In the landscape of central Mexico’s highlands, these crumbling adobe and stone complexes give an eerie, cinematic glimpse into Mexico’s gilded age.
“Has the Bolshoi already made him faster, higher, more expansive?
One thing cardholders won’t get, however, is a waiver on those dreaded 3 percent surcharges for purchases that take place outside of the United States, something that Chase’s more expensive United Club Visa offers.
If police officers and civil servants continue to receive wages far too low to support a family, they will continue to demand kickbacks and bribes, and the societywide corruption that helped trigger the revolt will go on.
“They will hand over their weapons,” said Jamal Abdul Muktalib, a former Libyan Foreign Ministry employee who fled the town even before the revolution because it was so pro-Qaddafi.
I played whiffle ball with the guys on my block, and softball in grade school.
Much of the impact on growth, however, was negated by a 1.5 percent rise in imports.
Yet within weeks, on Nov. 2, baseball reached a wee-hours truce with McCourt.
“This stuff is a hodgepodge around the country,” Mr. Hawley said.
“The other fragments we have aren’t as spectacular,” he said.
Mother Nature must be awfully angry about something.
Why not create a national baseball landmark society to protect the places that still exist and mark those that once mattered?
Somali clan politics reach deep into Kenya, and Kenyan-Somali politicians – such as Defense Minister Yusuf Haji and the deputy speaker of parliament Farah Maalim – are playing to their grassroots constituencies.
Others worry about the volatile mix of guns and alcohol.
In the summer, the Obama administration promised it would review its deportation policies, and, this week, it promised that it really means it.
Wolf is seriously injured while resisting arrest amid the onslaught of a media mob, and by the time he comes out of a coma (minus an eye, a few fingers and the use of a leg), his business is lost and so are his wife and daughter, his old friends and close associates, and his good name.
The weight on Mr. Morgan’s shoulders is substantial.
The government is seeking to connect the video to later communications between Mr. Khan and Mr. Rajaratnam, one of which suggested, “Don’t buy Polycom until I give guidance.” The judge overseeing the case, Richard J. Holwell, has not yet decided whether the video can be shown.
It is also a city in search of an identity that still feels as shapeless as the tracts of sand interspersed between domed skyscrapers and the most improbable geometry.
On May 15, 2008, Harris, again in left field, dived to catch Ryan Church’s drive in the ninth with Carlos Beltran on first base and nobody out.
But ultimately, the league’s future is dependent on the actions of others.
George Herbert’s “Easter Wings” is famously shaped like a pair of wings — if Herbert were alive today, could we quote a feather?
There was little activity at first, but she sold the place earlier this month to Italian investors for $1.625 million.
He is a son of Becky Greitens and Rob Greitens of St. Louis.
My mother is not a member of the Facebook nation, otherwise she would have already known the answer.
A lifelong civil servant who wraps his sangfroid and political toughness in French courtliness, Mr. Trichet generally gets high marks for the way he has managed the central bank.
To bring airfare costs down, consider sailing in late August, when rates are often lower, recommended Carolyn Spencer Brown, editor in chief of CruiseCritic.com , which follows the industry.
On the subject of Mr. Wallis, who was hired in 2009 as a communications adviser for Scotland Yard after he left The News of the World, Sir Paul called it a “very minor and part-time” role.
He was an All-Star in 2008, but that was before elbow surgery, a drug suspension and this season’s fiasco.
In a new television ad set to run in Iowa, Ms. Bachmann said that she “will not vote to raise the debt ceiling.” It’s almost impossible to imagine her reversing that position if a deal is cut to do just that.
So the goal in evaluating the new drugs has been to ascertain “noninferiority.” They didn’t have to be more effective than warfarin, which works quite well; they just have to be easier to take and no more likely to cause bleeding.
Under most circumstances I’d run a country mile to avoid being trapped in a room with the desperate characters now inhabiting the Sydney Theater Company’s production of Chekhov’s “Uncle Vanya” at the Kennedy Center here.
The unrest was expected to deliver a serious blow to Egypt’s tourism industry.
They scoff at continuing President Obama ’s payroll tax cut, which is tilted toward low- and middle-income workers and expires in December.
Now, Mr. Obama is pitching We’re No.
“Saddling our children with the nation’s debt, that’s not fair.” Mr. Clegg emerged from the conference with what amounted to a reluctant assent from many of the delegates to remain in the coalition.
Page has showed newfound warmth on earnings conference calls that are obligatory for chief executives.
Two others, a local prosecutor and a deputy director of the city’s Communist Party, have lost their jobs, according to Agence France-Presse.
Wells Fargo, Mr. Horowitz estimated, could face losses reaching $4 billion, though that could be lower because of tighter underwriting standards.
MICHAEL G. SILVER New York, Aug. 15, 2011 To the Editor: Your article about Gov.
R. A. Dickey is also scheduled to start Monday, with Mike Pelfrey and Chris Capuano pitching on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Ms. Christensen said the agency would not release a draft of the policy because it had not yet been formally issued.
“Women’s concern about their own survival may lead them to worry about the care of the children living in their home, which in turn, may engender higher levels of depression,” she said.
But Ms. Karman did have one companion.
“Dolly Frazier, the mother of the champ,” she introduced herself.
A Allen H. Brill, a Manhattan co-op and condo lawyer, says it is permissible for settlement of a court action to contain a nondisclosure or confidentiality provision, to which the parties to that agreement must adhere.
It was a dangerous neighborhood.
“Everyone has that pile of clothes that they’re like, ‘Eventually I’ll do something with this.’” Door-to-door service might seem like a modern convenience, but the Seamster is in some sense a throwback.
She is connected to Leonid Kuchma, Ukraine’s controversial former president, through his daughter, Elena Pinchuk, who is the godmother of Moroz-Hunt’s son.
They allied in an effort, ultimately futile, to roll back the high fees that currency exchanges charge to cash checks, mostly those of people too poor to have a bank account.
The decision means that the case, Perry v. Brown, is now moving from a legal detour — the question of who has the right under California law to appear in court on behalf of a proposition under legal challenge — to the issue of merits: does a legal ban on same-sex marriage violate constitutional rights?
• Casey Stoner won his third-consecutive MotoGP race over the weekend at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, further cementing his lead in the series.
“What were you thinking?” has been the soundtrack of Thomas’s life since he quit playing.
Such laws are discriminatory and pointless.
They descend to depths of 100 to 120 feet, repeatedly diving and resurfacing, pushed by poverty to ignore all the safety rules.
He had been in the army a year, he said, but nowadays his unit was off-duty half the time.
Still, for about 10 of those 15 miles, I had a fine time.
The deficit-conscious freshman class, he said, “probably tips the scale” toward a willingness to curb the costly Medicare and Social Security entitlement programs that earlier lawmakers considered too politically risky.
But for others, the attempts to salvage the holiday are just adding to the seasonal sense of disorientation that began with Tropical Storm Irene and peaked with the area’s white Halloween.
Either redo your line and get back fishing, or sit there and pout.
(Followers of the church, a radical offshoot of mainstream Mormonism, believe polygamy will result in exaltation in heaven.)
As one onlooker wrote to the speaker of the House shortly after Sumner’s caning, “gentlemen” who took part in the debate over slavery should “scrupulously avoid the utterance of unnecessarily harsh language.” There was no other way to prevent the “almost murderous feeling” that could lead to “demonstrations upon the floor, which in the present state of excitement, would almost certainly lead to a general melee and perhaps a dozen deaths in the twinkling of an eye.” Unfortunately, such admonitions had little effect.
The actors in the Royal Shakespeare Company spoke the language with a clarity and incisive thrust that made every word tell.
The person identified in the report as Victim 1 told the grand jury that he was 11 or 12 years old when he met Mr. Sandusky in 2005 or 2006 through a charity for underprivileged children.
His health crusades, derided as “nanny statism,” have given New Yorkers more time to enjoy — and complain about — their city.
It’s both quaint and cutting edge: roofs are laden with solar panels; urinals use no water; air-conditioning is powered by geothermal energy; and there are hookups for electric cars.
Rick Perry said of Ben S. Bernanke, the Federal Reserve chairman, that “printing more money to play politics at this particular time in American history is almost treacherous — or treasonous in my opinion.” He added, “I don’t know what y’all would do to him in Iowa, but we would treat him pretty ugly down in Texas.” It’s one thing to have serious disagreements with political opponents.
Or a vintage 1950s Norman Norell, top, third from left.
Davis Orton Gallery, 114 Warren Street.
And so if you want someone who’s always nice and polite, you’ll be in for a shock.
Desperate times call for surprising measures, so the Rangers recalled Mats Zuccarello, the 5-foot-7 shootout specialist they demoted to Connecticut last week.
And his view is shared by others.
Egyptians earned their celebration in Tahrir Square on Friday.
So, for those arriving from overseas, or even the opposite side of the country, a guarantor will not always help.
Ms. Hiatt had been a nurse for 27 years and had often cared for the 8-month-old girl during the child’s stay in the pediatric intensive care unit of her hospital.
It’s a compassionate approach, and it’s in accord with the twin values that Navajos share with mainstream American culture — individual autonomy and personal dignity.” Ms. Begay and Ms. Nez visit Jimmy Begay (no relation), a bright-eyed man of 87 who lives with his wife in the little community of Sawmill.
In Lichuan, a city of about 850,000, around 2,000 protesters stormed government headquarters on Saturday to protest the death of a legislator, Ran Jianxin, a member of the local People’s Congress who had been investigating accusations of corruption in a city-backed land deal.
This didn’t happen, but evidently he found his métier in the process of demonstrating the possibilities.
Given the recession and the fact that many businesses had slashed their advertising budgets, we decided to conduct an analysis and shared it with the team.
As a result, Mr. Rajaratnam’s lawyers say, the government should not have been able to use wiretap evidence during the trial.
Some early results have been dramatic.
The ramen is pleasing, but not transcendent.
Until last month, Mrs. Drago, 25, was a guidance counselor intern at the Charter High School for Architecture & Design in Philadelphia.
South’s five-heart reply revealed two key cards (two aces, or one ace and the heart king) and denied the heart queen.
But the results can be illuminating.
Later, the whole operation could be stored.
The prime minister called it Japan’s worst crisis since World War II.
“He’s got a very good ability to read what a play needs.” The veteran safety Deon Grant added that Williams “has definitely shown he can play in this league.” In the Sept. 25 victory over the Philadelphia Eagles, Williams was frequently used as the so-called spy, tracking quarterback Michael Vick throughout each play.
“Luke, his level of consistency is incredible,” said Rose, who won twice last year and is trying to find the putting form he had at Muirfield Village last year, when he made 14 putts from beyond 10 feet.
He would joke about making Felicity a double agent or something.
And as he often laughingly added, "Or the blame."
Perhaps then the Chilean government, which supports the dam project, will come to understand what many Chileans already know: that sacrificing Patagonia for power would be an irreparable mistake.
Local people claim Saadi, a professional soccer player, was so terrible that his father must have purchased his position on a team.
(Schweitzer) Either / Or (Wednesday) This accomplished and reliably probing new-music ensemble performs selections from “Flow Cycle,” a rich, beguiling composition by one of its founders, Richard Carrick, as heard on a recently issued New World CD.
The United States has certainly had long ties with Mr. Suleiman, 74, who headed Egyptian intelligence from 1993 until he was named vice president last month.
Before the civil war, Libya each day exported 1.3 million barrels of the high-quality crude that many European refineries depend on.
She says she has sung “Respect” thousands of times and hasn’t tired of it, and she acknowledged that the song has become “a national anthem.” It has also become a party dance-floor cliché, but its significance over the years cannot be overestimated: the song was a cultural document of the civil rights era, with loud reverberations for African-Americans, for women, for gays, for anyone, really, who felt neglect or subjugation.
“The other phones will now look dumb if they don’t have an assistant, too,” said Mr. Entner.
Nearly a fifth of the entire company’s shares, worth $1.2 billion, changed hands on April 6.
And sometimes I wonder if the price is a piece of ourselves.
Maintenance is 70 euros a month.
— Jeff Gordinier Food Safety News: A former sous chef at a Morton’s Steakhouse in Boca Raton, Fla., is suing the chain for fostering an environment of “sexual harrassment and food impurity,” claiming that he was groped by another male chef.
In addition to lost taxes, the downturn in the financial sector will most likely hurt profits for businesses in the real estate, automobile and luxury good sectors, which rely on financiers spending their bonuses.
If the credit used from this fund, with its central bank backing, reaches — let’s say — 1 trillion euros, how will the Germans feel about the situation?
There wasn’t any Facebook,” he said.
Their daughter was born in September 2007.
I’ve never understood that.” Missouri officials sued unsuccessfully last week to try to block the corps from flooding the cropland, a federally mandated flood way that is home to about 200 people.
SIDNEY SHAPIRO Chevy Chase, Md., May 15, 2011
Mr. Reagan oozed an infectious optimism; he liked to tell the story of the boy who got a pile of manure for Christmas and declared, “There must be a pony in here somewhere.” Mr. Obama is more cautious, more cerebral by nature — “a little more head, a little less heart,” as Mr. Cannon said.
Comerica declined 8.3 percent to $38.74.
THE FIFTH WITNESS, by Michael Connelly.
We’ll compose a mix of reader suggestions.
“We exist!” The demonstration marked what opposition leaders hope will be a watershed moment, ending years of quiet acceptance of the political consolidation Mr. Putin introduced.
He based his gloomy prediction on his theory that erosion has made barren at least sixty-five per cent of the plains region, extending from Canada to Texas.
It was macabre and infuriating, a core of urban America discarded and forgotten.
In all, 17 of Afghanistan’s 34 provinces are now declared free of substantial poppy growth — a distinction that qualifies them for $1 million in funds from the American and Afghan governments.
Popular Arabic-language Web sites acknowledge the impact of the Digital Engagement Team.
Mr. Davis’s case not only offers a good narrative with strong characters people can relate to — his father was a law enforcement officer, his mother was a churchgoer, his sister is fighting both cancer and for her brother’s innocence — but has also benefited from an explosion in social media.
THE COMMUTE Subway service includes the B and C local trains, which stop at Central Park West and 72nd; also, the 1 local stops on Broadway at 72nd and 79th, and the 2 and 3 express trains stop at 72nd.
Cocktail hour was drawing to a close, so Mr. Plummer graciously excused himself, in his favorite, grandly winking way.
When George Mallory made a reconnaissance trip to the gargantuan glaciers at the foot of Mount Everest in Tibet before his ill-fated attempt to climb the mountain, he took photographs and noted the splendor: “Here is a pure beauty of form, a kind of ultimate harmony,” he wrote.
“How will that work out?
But whereas earlier Broadway evocations of the same period, including “42nd Street” (1980 and 2001) and “Never Gonna Dance” (2003), had a bottled, artificial quality, this “Anything Goes” exudes the effervescence of a freshly poured gin fizz.
You can’t do very much about it as you’re outside gardening.
Theseus survives but abandons Ariadne.
In his book “The Red Tree,” a girl toils through a series of tableaus of crushing anomie — including a particularly memorable one in which she trudges down the sidewalk in the shadow of a titanic gape-mouthed fish floating above her with dark gunk streaming from its eye — but returns home at the end of the day to find her little room transformed by the miraculous appearance of a bright red tree.
Instead, check out ‘‘The Physics of Grass, Clay, and Cement,’’ by Jonah Lehrer .
Facilities in the eastern and western border areas of Libya, like the fields of the Italian company ENI near the Algerian border and fields operated by Repsol of Spain and Total of France in the west, have reported no damage and continue to produce up to 600,000 barrels of oil per day in total, he said.
He agreed to do so after a meeting last spring with Mr. Medvedev, he said, and believed he had carte blanche to campaign as he saw fit.
Hulu’s advantage is its supply of TV shows from its owners and other partners.
Andy Warhol’s Death and Disaster series of images includes one of a man impaled on a utility pole after being thrown from a car in front of a suburban home where a housewife, glancing at it all, calmly continues to carry her groceries inside.
Most members of the committee intend to stay in town over the weekend and continue talking.
Mr. Jautz said Wednesday afternoon that CNN was in discussions with Mr. Spitzer about an “alternative role,” but a representative for Mr. Spitzer said that his work for CNN was finished, and that he would soon be allowed to have talks with other networks about jobs.
In the style of Taiwanese xue hua bing, Wooly’s flavors the water before freezing with condensed milk or green tea .
One host who exhibits some of the same open-mindedness and humor, along with a more genuinely modest and self-effacing attitude, is Zane Lamprey , who has done a series of alcohol-related shows on Fine Living, the Food Network and other cable channels.
Here’s the problem: Profiteers haunt America, and for everything we try to control, someone’s going to profit from it, more than you control it.
When Bartlett Sher handpicked Kate Whoriskey to succeed him as artistic director of Intiman Theater here in 2009, he appeared to be giving her a dream job.
“When I came here as a young Franciscan, they used to get a kick out of the fact that I’d make my opinions known,” recalled Brother Edward Coughlin, a Franciscan scholar who lived with them in the friary.
It helped that he knew where he had initially faltered.
Inside the plant, however, the three workers with radiation sickness were presumably exposed to much more radiation.
He said he would complete several unfinished construction projects, while cautioning that others would have to be postponed because of a lack of money.
True to its name, and unusual for Mr. O'Connor, the work is all male, danced by Michael Ingle, Niall Jones, Paul Monaghan and Matthew Rogers.
In Liping Zhang, it has a potent Cio-Cio-San; Robert Dean Smith portrays Pinkerton.
The mergers among airlines in recent years have also contributed to the cutbacks.
Pairings are being determined, but most will be geographically based, to minimize travel time.
And look at what this does to incentives: no matter how badly Republicans behave, they don’t draw condemnation from the Very Serious People.
But he gave way to Kenseth, who led 103 laps as the Roush Fords continued to show their mettle, particularly on the 1.5-mile ovals.
“At a time when new-home construction and home sales in rural America were struggling, we continued to make loans.” The audit estimated that more than 10 percent of the loans made possible through the program might have been to borrowers who were not eligible because they did not meet the minimum financial requirements and might not have had the means to pay them back.
Final audience figures were unavailable on Monday.
On several occasions, Nadal reminded reporters that Djokovic had long been an elite player.
To the Editor: Re “ Obama Will Speed Military Pullout From Afghan War ” (front page, June 23): Thank you, President Obama, for starting to bring our troops home from Afghanistan.
“I think this is an example of why people are sick of Washington and sick of politics,” Mr. Gingrich said.
He might just rent them to the new owner.
Now Gilt wants to make the site more welcoming to men.
In particular, Mr. Kan has come under intense public criticism for his government’s apparently clumsy handling of the nuclear crisis and delays in building temporary housing for the tens of thousands still homeless.
“It was a really fun night,” Mr. Chanda said.
Parnell looked more effective in 2010, despite starting the season in the minors.
“Well, you know,” Rockefeller told Nixon after the scope of the disastrous assault became clear, “this is one of those things.” One of those things.
“To a large degree, economic stimulus programs and policy initiatives aimed at bolstering family income succeeded in preventing a rise in poverty in New York City,” according to the report by the mayor’s Center for Economic Opportunity .
“He had a sense of humor about himself and never started to think it was about him — it was about the movies and the directors,” Ms. Pascal recalled in a telephone interview.
But if you want to see a prototype for an entry in this series, take a look at the new production of “How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying,” which opened on Sunday night at the Al Hirschfeld Theater.
He was compelled to flee Russia and went into hiding for several months after his work visa was revoked.
“In its first week, ‘AC 360’ at 8 p.m. proves to be stronger than the show it replaced during the prior four weeks,” the spokeswoman said, adding that “Anderson’s continued focus on global stories, political reporting, and investigative journalism distinguishes his program from the cable news competition.” Mr. Cooper anchored from east Africa for part of the week to bring attention to the humanitarian crisis that is occurring in that region.
This leads to our second observation: Understanding and confirming the warning is crucial to giving it credibility.
Wallace Cheung, an Internet analyst at Credit Suisse , said that the reorganization was good for Alibaba.com, which got a new executive, and Taobao, because it created units that were potentially more flexible.
For both families, the commuting options were a factor in choosing Oradell, which is 15 miles northwest of the city.
Researchers in Brazil have discovered a 260-million-year-old fossil species with a fearsome array of peculiar teeth: a set running down the middle of its mouth, and ferocious canines that were never used to eat flesh.
Even the prospect of the public votes, though, appears to have altered the relationship between investors and corporate executives on many discussions in recent months.
Both poetry and music are servants of the theater, he asserts.
Add to the bowl, and toss with the adobo mixture until coated.
Officials of his father’s government denied it the next day.
The house keys are peeled from a ring.
Mr. Spencer, who operates the Web site Jihad Watch, has said he opposes violence and condemns Mr. Breivik’s actions.
Only 100 percent juice can be served.
There have been hundreds of studies on corporate board composition, but there is no consensus on what works.
The auction earlier this year of costumes owned by Debbie Reynolds , for instance, increased the value of outfits worn by Marilyn Monroe , Audrey Hepburn , Grace Kelly and others.
The Dining staff is taking questions on cooking, drinking, entertaining or any other holiday hurdles.
Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.; Sundays, noon to 5 p.m. Galleryone at the Clayhouse, 666 Boston Post Road.
We still need Congress to rewrite the law.”
From that point, he expressed himself mostly through select interviews.
Instead, the technology uses something that is always with us, unless we live in the wilderness: ambient electromagnetic radiation emitted as a matter of course by the wiring in households, by the power lines above homes, and by those gas pumps at the service station.
Google has said that its products allow Internet users to find the information they are seeking as quickly as possible, and that it is working closely with the European Commission to explain its business.
The study involved 5,855 patients who had been discharged from a hospital after a heart attack.
The North Country won $103.2 million, to be spent on high-tech and traditional manufacturing and the revival of small towns.
Frightened residents who fled the town earlier in the day, with more than 1,000 crossing into Turkey , said those who remained behind— which they numbered at 5,000 from a population of more than 50,000, — were armed and prepared to fight, raising the prospect of an uneven battle.
''Snobs may sneer that the series could more accurately be called 'Remains of the Gosford/Upstairs/Brideshead Revisited Park,' '' Alessandra Stanley wrote in The New York Times.
When she co-sponsored Senate Bill 750, which would have raised the income tax, Mr. Daley’s aides wanted the bill to pass.
The events raised more than $55 million for charities and exposed international designers, many for the first time, to a largely African-American audience.
“All New People” is Mr. Braff’s first play, and his inexperience is often apparent.
“The more we study this, the more it raises a lot of questions.
For an explanation of our methodology, visit https://www.nytimes.com/best-sellers.
On the agenda were the basics: dribbling, passing, shooting, footwork, as well as less tangible goals for the actor-players, like developing inner confidence so they might radiate greater authenticity and cocky charisma to onlookers at the Walter Kerr Theater.
They make the peppermint patties that make the Peppermint Pattie.
Fortunately, they missed their target.
The concert was also recorded for broadcast on public television on Sunday night.
Observations became acute, not just my own but those of others I later spoke with.
The play, called “Happy Days in the Art World,” was written by Elmgreen & Dragset, as the duo is known, and will have its premiere at Skirball Center for the Performing Arts in Greenwich Village on Tuesday as Performa’s opening-night benefit , injecting an oddly traditional theatrical note into a biennial whose sympathies tend to fall on the performance-art side of performance.
That lasted a season before he left to run the Dolphins’ football operations, a job that essentially ended last October.
He was only 5 years old.” She sighed.
I don’t have to deal with turning the pages.
Continuum has an operating budget of about $2.5 billion, and NYU of about $2.7 billion.
SOUTHAMPTON Parrish Art Museum “Julião Sarmento: Artists and Writers/House and Home,” more than 40 paintings and works on paper by the Portuguese artist.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY FABRICE COFFRINI/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES) (CT11); RIDGEFIELD: Connecticut Ballet will perform ''The Sleeping Beauty'' at 2 and 4:30 p.m. on Oct. 30, at the Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Road.
I did a stint on Capitol Hill and then covered Mitt Romney on the trail, before moving over to covering the money and politics beat.
The mural, and about 1,400 pounds of prewar plaster to which it was attached, made its way in 2008 from Manhattan to a conservation studio, then to a wall inside the museum, where a thorough restoration took place.
She lived in Manhasset, NY for forty-three years, moving to Montclair, NJ in 2002.
The CW’s audience of viewers ages 18 to 34 prompted the companies to explore an online on-demand deal, since younger viewers often prefer to watch TV on laptops or iPads or via streaming.
That can take more than a year.
Even if the market’s fall has not been severe, it could easily become so.
A former pressman with the New York Times, passed away on Saturday, July 16, 2011.
The group, which is a part of the hacktivist collective Anonymous and includes members of the defunct group Lulz Security, also said it had defaced IRC Federal’s Web site.
At one gas station, a large tree fell on the roof, crushing the pumps beneath it.
My stepdad loves tennis and worried he’ll miss the U.S. Open matches on TV.
In 1970, Time magazine published a cover article on Kate Millett, who was about to accomplish the unlikely feat of turning her Columbia University dissertation into a patriarchy-bashing best seller, “Sexual Politics.” Neel was asked by Time to furnish the portrait.
The Great Hamster likes grass and crops like alfalfa, but these have largely been replaced by corn, which is not ripe in the spring when the hamster awakens from six months of hibernation, eager to eat and mate.
For bizarre items floating in the ocean, try topping this: The upper half of a set of false teeth, seen bobbing around in the South China Sea.
and other states last year to help protect its land border with Turkey, on of the main entry points for migrants from the Middle East and North Africa.
GREENWICH Greenwich High School The Greenwich Symphony Orchestra, featuring Stanley Drucker on clarinet.
Just as the Jets were peaking last year, his broken leg caused something of an emotional letdown.
“Oftentimes, male guests will order the pay-per-view adult movies, and then call for towels, perhaps hoping that a woman will be sent to bring them up,” said Peter M. Krauss, chief sales and marketing officer for Plasticard Locktech International of Asheville, N.C., which provides card keys to hotels.
The lure of a prize competition is that it can set off a race to achieve what is just beyond reach.
“It’s hard to trade a beautiful shot for one that has real truth but also a brightly lit zit,” she said.
These are the moments that get you through the long, hard periods where everybody but Ron Paul is competing to see who can promise to do the toughest things to Iran .
With few gay couples at the office — the city had said it was accepting license applications online only — Kevin Bain, a self-described marriage celebrant, migrated to the chapel area.
We wouldn’t get to anything resembling full employment until late in Sarah Palin ’s first presidential term.
agreed to pay £25.50 ($42.11) a share in cash through a tender offer.
He has not been as prominent in terms of national attention since he moved to the subscription radio service.
She and her husband, James S. Tisch, the chief executive of the Loews Corporation, have been clients of the public affairs firm BerlinRosen for several years.
I stirred the caldron of nearly boiling borax with the gall of a necromancer, invoking help for murder.
Multiply the alphanumeric value of each note (A=1, B=2, and so on) by the “time value” of each note in the common time key signature (eighth note = half a beat, quarter note = 1 beat, half note = 2, dotted half note = 3, whole note = 4).
Recent science, however, has discovered another side to the harrier that may not fit as well with the rather macho military image.
Miami Beach THE first public sighting of Eli Broad , the 78-year-old billionaire philanthropist and art collector, came at 10:30 a.m. Wednesday.
It cautioned that it may drop unlimited data plans at some point.
It was not clear how many client names would be covered under a summons, which would have to be issued by the Internal Revenue Service and enforced by the Justice Department.
The musical director, Justin S. Fischer, leads a lively orchestra, but the uneven sound system does a disservice to the actors, who convey spirit and warmth.
The amount includes about $60,000 for the office rental of his Iowa campaign headquarters and assorted travel and catering bills.
One member, Ethan Crenson, waved around a rotting oyster mushroom the size of a hand fan he had found in Prospect Park that afternoon.
At the same time Mr. Nelson is asking us to consider what role art — and particularly theater — plays in how we assimilate the fears of loss that are always, on some level, with us.
can solve the problem of the euro’s weakness, then they’re trying to convince themselves of something that won’t happen.” Germany has reason to be cautious.
Some supporters have been raising money on the Conservatives 4 Palin Web site in recent weeks to run the ad in Iowa.
In 2007, Chris Albrecht , then chairman of HBO , which is owned by Time Warner — yes, that Time Warner — was asked to resign after he was arrested and charged with assaulting a woman in a Las Vegas parking lot.
But these men — in the mine, on the Bering Sea, at Oil Rig 28 — end up as commodified as the natural resources that control their destinies.
• Double-check proper names and claims of distinction (first, best, oldest, tallest, etc.).
“The Constitution already tells us to do our jobs.” The president insisted that the public supports efforts to cut spending and raise taxes on wealthy individuals and corporate interests.
“The skitter is a fighter, sort of spiderlike and skittering, he said.
Physicians in Canada, where health care is administered mainly by the government, did spend a good deal of time and money communicating with their payers.
Finally, two tips on finding what you need in our blog: 1.
But there’s also a risk that Qaddafi’s forces sabotage infrastructure, taking capacity out of the market for the long term.
Mr. Bach, the dean of programs at the IE Business School, in Madrid, is an architect of a pioneering new collaboration between IE and Brown University that is offering a liberal arts and management executive M.B.A. “Certainly managers need technical skills,” said Mr. Bach, who worked for many years at the consulting firm McKinsey and teaches courses on strategy and the intersection between business and government.
Yet most visitors to Florence will probably know little about Vasari or Cosimo I de’ Medici, or that the Uffizi is the great monument to their remarkable collaboration.
But the investigations have clearly taken their toll on police morale, and the ticket case has hit the city hard financially amid a recession, with officers writing significantly fewer traffic and parking summonses, cutting what has traditionally been a reliable and substantial income stream for the city.
It only appears that way to the unenlightened.
The Marines increased their numbers by about 27,000 in 2006 and 2007 to meet the demands of fighting the war in Iraq and the increase in troops there.
OCEANSIDE Friedberg Jewish Community Center “Modzitz Melodies: Music From the Hasidic Masters,” lecture with Ira Epstein.
“It’s the same music,” he said.
“It can also all turn on a dime.”
One of the show’s rare self-portraits is a seductive study in creamy textures from 1817 that shows the young French painter Léon Cogniet, in his high-ceilinged room at the French Academy’s recently acquired Villa Medici in Rome, newly arrived and with his bags barely unpacked.
Every other week, we receive fresh pork and “hand-crafted” charcuterie from the Piggery, a farm in Trumansburg in the Finger Lakes region of New York.
15 BAYLOR AT KANSAS STATE 3:30 p.m. Eastern, ABC/ESPN (Regional) Baylor’s Robert Griffin III has thrown more touchdown passes (13) than incompletions (12).
Despite these threats, and suggestions from some members of European Parliament that the E.C.B.
“Senior folks are interested in employee stock option schemes but junior people don’t pay heed to it.” Kunal Bahl, a co-founder of SnapDeal, a deals site similar to Groupon, said Indian engineers and programmers have become somewhat more willing to work for start-ups in recent years, because of the success of firms like MakeMyTrip, which had an initial public offering on the Nasdaq stock exchange last year.
I feel really good after that.” Youkilis was more restrained in his reaction, saying that while it was nice to know Epstein cared, words alone hardly mattered.
Eighth-seeded Mardy Fish of the United States rolled into the third round of the U.S. Open with a convincing victory over Malek Jaziri of Tunisia, 6-2, 6-2, 6-4.
(Cotter) ★ Museum of Art and Design: ‘Crafting Modernism: Midcentury American Art and Design’ (through Jan. 15) This sweeping, stimulating exhibition is the fourth in a continuing series of shows on 20th-century craft known as ’‘The Centenary Project.” The emphasis here is on the craftsman-designer, a figure who acted as a conduit between the studio and the factory.
I shouldn’t be surprised when doctors object to laws telling them how to practice medicine, as does New York State’s new Palliative Care Information Act — not surprised, but in this instance, distressed.
On Wednesday the company reported that earnings rose 25 percent, to $578 million, spurred by strong showings in most of its divisions.
But the truth is no one knows even how Egypt will turn out.
The Southwest Power Pool, which covers parts of nine states, including Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma, New Mexico and part of Texas, with a population of 15.5 million, set records on Monday and Tuesday, and a major utility within the pool asked for customers’ help in limiting consumption during the hot afternoons.
“What happened in that era very heavily influenced what I wrote about.” Most of the wealth-gawking details in these books are spot on, with only a few missteps.
It occurred on Interstate 40 as Charles was driving a bus for Elite Coach.
Dennis Jones, who sold his company, Jones Pharma, in 2000 for $3.4 billion, said he had decided to bet on zero-coupon municipal bonds , which are bought at a discount and grow to their face value over a set time, usually decades.
“I had trouble with secondary pitches,” he said.
Or assuming -- as befits an artist of her age and stature -- that we view this piece through the richly refract- ing lens of her previous efforts?
David Hill, the chairman of the Fox Sports Media Group, sees no reason for the live approach to fail.
(PHOTOGRAPHS BY TONY CENICOLA/THE NEW YORK TIMES)
While the musical’s director, Harold Prince, said in a separate interview on Wednesday that he had wanted to keep the actor, Mr. Andrews said he eventually accepted the reasoning of one of the show’s lead producers, Cameron Mackintosh.
Moreover, voters’ evaluations of the economy are relatively forward-looking.
Climbing in his native Netherlands was limited to a wall at the gym, but now he’s a regular at Crazy Horse.
Lawmakers would have been wiser to listen to Senator Richard Shelby of Alabama, who in early 2009 proposed a bipartisan investigation by the banking committee.
The message, Mr. Plouffe said, is that the president is fighting for the middle class, and to restore the economy, against a Republican Party that he says is more intent on preserving tax breaks for millionaires, hedge fund owners and corporations.
(Cotter) 20110609 Jene Highstein: ‘New Sculpture: Towers and Elliptical Forms’ (Closes on Thursday.)
The bridegroom graduated from and also received a law degree from the University of Pennsylvania.
Don’t bother me about where I send mine.” But will such moments still seem like a breath of fresh air if they happen repeatedly on the campaign trail?
In the absence of direct evidence, Judge McMahon acknowledged, it was difficult to determine the leanings of the defendants, David Williams IV , Onta Williams , Laguerre Payen and Mr. Cromitie.
But his son, Steve Kelton, is alive and well and living in San Angelo.
Devoted wife of the late Leon Igel, loving mother to George (Ronnie) and Tony (Lynn) Igel.
The building needed repairs, and he sank deeper and deeper into debt, and then in October 2010, the bank foreclosed on all of it — more than $400,000 in total.
Less than 24 hours after Commissioner David Stern canceled the first two weeks of the regular season, Amar’e Stoudemire said that N.B.A.
A closer look at some games from Week 12, with the benefit of film analysis: Texans O vs. Jaguars D Jack Del Rio’s defense gave a stellar performance in what turned out to be his final game .
“How to explain it?” he mused in his still heavily Czech-accented English.
The fate of the water — whether it is recycled, pumped back into the earth or sent to a treatment facility — has become a contentious environmental issue.
Kerrigan, who had trampled over Giants tackle Kareem McKenzie, leaped up to tip the pass, then snatched it out of the air and returned it for a touchdown to give the Redskins a lead they would not relinquish.
Rams quarterback Sam Bradford finished with a completion percentage of less than 50 percent (22 of 46, 47.8%) and the Rams’ rushing game averaged only 3.1 yards per rush.
Three of those indicted last week in Miami are still in Pakistan.
But if people want to own a true bit of nostalgia or something that is unique, they must comb the antiques or flea markets themselves and have the experience of discovering a real treasure, one that holds or increases in value while it also graces their homes.
In the run-up to the vote on the expansion of the temporary European rescue fund, known as the European Financial Stability Facility, members of the Free Democrats were starkly critical of bailing out heavily indebted partners like Greece, Ireland and Portugal.
But it was considerably longer than the two hours Billie Austin Bryant spent on the list in 1969, when he was sought for the murder of two F.B.I.
France suffered a minor blow on Wednesday as two of its biggest banks, Société Générale and Crédit Agricole, were each downgraded a notch by Moody’s Investors Service — a move expected, but not as severe as some had predicted.
Well, my child, it doesn’t seem to be confusing for people on an iPad.
Health advocates said the move would have little effect because other unhealthful offerings would remain on the menu.
Berra is an iconic fixture at the Yankees’ training camp, observing workouts, offering catching tips or giving Manager Joe Girardi succinct impressions of pitchers’ bullpen sessions.
Yet immigration from Germany and central Europe to this part of the country in more recent years has left an abundance of blond hair and blue eyes.
BLOOMBERG Britain’s Fraud Squad Ends Investigation Into Fund | Britain’s Serious Fraud Office has closed a two-year investigation into Weavering Capital’s use of interest rate swaps, with a spokeswoman telling Reuters: “We have determined that after considering the evidence, there wasn’t a reasonable prospect of conviction.” REUTERS Funds Look to Upset Swiss Franc Cap | Hedge Funds are set to rally together to bet against the Swiss National Bank, after its surprise move to introduce a ceiling to cap the nation’s surging currency caught investors by surprise.
8:07 p.m. | Updated As the jury continued to deliberate in the trial of Raj Rajaratnam , the government notched another guilty plea in its investigation of insider trading at hedge funds.
In Taiwan, for example, foreigners hold $480 billion worth of stocks and bonds, eclipsing the country’s $400 billion in reserves.
(Scott) ‘The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn — Part 1’ (PG-13, 1:57) Little Bella is all grown up now, and while Edward is still more zomboid than juicily predatory, thanks to the franchise’s newest director, Bill Condon, not everything else on screen is dead, too.
''Now that they don't have it, do they become more aggressive trading up?
A top priority will be to hire some new staff members, including a curator to replace himself, though this will take time as, he said, there aren’t a lot of candidates around.
Parnell said he would have an angiogram Thursday to determine the cause of the numbness in his finger.
The Rangers trainer Jim Ramsey covered Dapuzzo’s face with a towel and led him off to be treated by the medical staffs of both teams.
Favorable/Unfavorable Tight End Matchups Favorable Evan Moore (CLE) vs. Miami — Moore has scored two touchdowns in as many games, and now he gets the best tight end matchup in fantasy for Week 3 (20 PPG).
Nonprofit groups like the Chinatown Community Development Center , which provides low-income housing, became important institutions in Chinatown alongside the traditional family associations.
After their visit, Byron and Shelley stayed at a guesthouse in Ouchy, the port below Lausanne, where Byron stayed up late into the night writing “The Prisoner of Chillon” while Shelley worked on his “Hymn to Intellectual Beauty.” Today, Lausanne is the most spectacular and vibrant city on Lake Geneva, whose steep hills, crowned by a Gothic cathedral, can be ascended without strain in high-tech funiculars.
Those students — scholars, in charter parlance — who fall out of line don’t last.
Maybe the designer should keep to her soft gentility, but re-explore the archives.
Gonzalez may have more of an upside, but John has a polished and versatile game, as this highlight reel showcases.
This offshoot of the tattoo parlor New York Adorned carries a varied selection, including vintage jewelry, dream catchers, capes made of Pendleton blankets, the blankets themselves, vintage Navajo rugs, balsam fir incense cones and textiles from around the world.
Days are filled with busy itineraries that may include visiting orphanages or speaking with musicians or community leaders.
The yield fell to 1.97 percent, from 2.0 percent late Wednesday.
Rather, we know that Puccini drove his librettists, Luigi Illica and Giuseppe Giacosa, to such frenzies that after 'Madama Butterfly' they refused to work for him any longer.''
Both sides waited for the courts to provide leverage — only a few hardliners wanted the antitrust lawsuit to be about anything more than that — and after the players won an injunction from a federal district court that briefly lifted the lockout, a federal appeals court stayed the injunction, keeping the lockout in place and giving the sides a clearer picture of their playing field.
The Argentine actress Elena Roger will reprise the title role, which she played to great acclaim in London in 2006.
Nutzy is buff enough to fight Superman to a 12-round judges’ decision.
And I clearly felt the tremors in far-away Moscow as the United States and China now made common cause against the Soviet Union; the tectonic balance of power was shifting beneath our feet.
The recently restored Old Franciscan Cloisters offer an attractive setting for “Mosaic Installations.” More than one of these make playful use of glass mosaic to mimic soft materials, like Nikos Tolis’s gold-tasseled “Soft Cushion” and Enzo Tinarelli’s “Baldacchino,” a marvelous illusionistic airy summer canopy.
“The king is still going to be the central political figure, and he continues to hold most powers,” said Lise Storm, a senior lecturer at the University of Exeter, in England, who specializes in Middle Eastern affairs.
But at the end of the first quarter, most yields equaled or exceeded those for taxable Treasuries of comparable maturity, a highly unusual situation.
ROUTH--Rylee Ann, died on November 17, of cancer, at age 60.
In particular, they say, investors would view Treasury debt as risky and Washington would be forced to pay higher interest rates.
“It’s time for us to look forward,” Mr. Fassnacht added.
Sarah Palin of Alaska enter the race.
“To be honest,” she said, “it’s the only kind of proper shop left ’round Sunnyside.” We started with sweets.
And he’s tacking against unbelievable headwinds, economic and political: no president is going to be popular with 9 percent unemployment.
And chances are they’re right.
The last time Jackson pitched in the postseason at Citizens Bank Park, in Game 4 of the 2008 World Series for Tampa Bay, he served up a homer to Phillies pitcher Joe Blanton.
“We’re providing such a clear benefit— handing them a caller who isn’t furious for waiting on hold.” FastCustomer aims to earn revenue by eventually selling premium services for a fee, or by selling analytical data to the companies it calls, so they can better evaluate their customer service.
Georgette Gagnon, the human rights director for the United Nations office here, said that two-thirds of the improvised explosive devices used in Afghanistan “are designed to be triggered by a weight of between 10 and 100 kilograms.” “This is the weight of a human and, in many instances, that of a child,” she said.
With Mr. Loughner, dozens of people apparently saw warning signs: the classmates who listened as his dogmatic language grew more detached from reality.
To be sure, a wide array of administration officials have acknowledged the limitations of drone strikes and emphasized the need for Pakistan to use ground troops to clear out militants who have used the refuge in North Waziristan to rest and rearm, a point Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. made to Pakistani civilian leaders and ranking generals on a visit to Pakistan last week.
“Nobody can give you a figure today as to whether that’s a correct figure.” Mr. Kobak adds: “A lot of people are saying push a button, send people money.
But according to Chris Stumpf, a National Weather Service meteorologist in Monterey, Calif., “It’s going to be a little bit harder to get it to sea level.” The very possibility that San Francisco could see snowfall led to all manner of mock dismay by online wiseacres, including Isitsnowinginsfyet.com , a Web site that offered a blunt assessment of the outcome at that time: “No.” Just before midnight, that assessment was updated: “Yes!” There were more serious responses.
Avid baseball fans who own an iPad, and who skip this app, are making a mistake.
When she gets sick herself, “I just pray,” she said.
After the partners announced that customers would get a free shirt for every four days an order was late, they received a standing ovation one day in a Dallas restaurant from customers who called them the “free-shirt guys.” They had fabric-buying problems as well; Italian mills were not accustomed to selling quantities as small as of 100 meters.
PORT JEFFERSON Village of Port Jefferson The 16th Annual Dickens Festival, holiday decorations, costumed characters, carriage rides.
Malhotra has been sidelined since March 16, when he was hit in the left eye by a puck.
Gonzalez had been standing behind home plate when Manny came up to bat that day.
Those panels were produced by BP Solar, which according to Pete Resler, a spokesman, “ceased all manufacturing in the United States last spring, primarily because of cost.” After posing for photos in front of the Chinese panels, Ms. Jackson said that employing local residents to install solar panels had environmental and economic benefits, regardless of where the panels were made.
“Some parents have a problem with him being a coach, but it’s not like he was caught stealing or did some bad things with children.
Es decir, es tan importante ese Código de Procedimientos Penales que si nosotros cometemos un error de diseño va a ser un daño terrible a la sociedad.
Promotional products are, some say, the oldest form of advertising.
A clear channel of dialogue involving the United States, China and South Korea is needed now more than ever.
The bulbous curves of the handcrafted objects, which predated the Industrial Revolution, are followed by the raw geometry of early mass-manufactured products.
“I memorized every line,” Mr. Martin said a statement on Monday, adding, “I kept waiting for the day when Wally would have a cold, stub his toe or blow a tire and the stage manager would pull me from the audience and whisper, ‘Wally can’t make it; can you go on?’ ” Wallace Vincent Boag was born in Portland, Ore., on Sept. 13, 1920, to Wallace and Evelyn Boag.
The law also violates World Trade Organization rules, and will need to be repealed if Russia becomes a member, something the United States government has advocated for years, to boost exports to Russia by companies like Procter & Gamble and Caterpillar.
Zach, I plan to stay energized today with copious amounts of food and periodic barefoot laps around the house (cold feet will always keep you awake).
Her successor, John Major, reinstated a system of local property taxes in 1993.
Beloved husband of Catherine Doyle Brauer and loving father of Brian.
Polls show that up to two-thirds of the French believe that “multiculturalism” and the integration of Muslims into society have failed, a main issue for the National Front.
In a few minutes we were at the house of a tall man just freed from 15 days of custody.
The Capitol became a halfway house.
In Egypt, aspiring Islamist politicians often try to sell themselves as “the Egyptian Erdogan.” Even before any diplomatic meetings in Cairo, he opened his visit with an appearance Monday night on a popular television talk show, where the host, Mona el-Shazly, introduced him with an Oprah Winfrey-style video biography as “a man who is admired not only by a large sector of Turkey but also by a large sector of Arabs and Muslims.” “The Turkish state is in its core a state of freedoms and secularism,” Mr. Erdogan said, explaining Turkey’s support for the Arab revolutions.
18 SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA AT NO.
But Century 21, reassuringly, marches on.
June 5 at 4 p.m. $20 to $50; $250 including a post-ceremony dinner.
Mr. Daniels, the popular governor who said on Sunday that he would not seek the Republican Party ’s nomination for president in 2012, once suggested a truce on social issues, saying the nation ought to concentrate on its fiscal problems.
Sadly, recent incidents once again raise the question: How many abuse scandals will be tolerated before the New York State Legislature gets serious about the issue and passes meaningful legislation?
In his cross-examination on Friday, Mr. Hernandez pointed out that Mr. Posada repudiated Ms. Bardach’s account of their interviews with other news organizations.
WORDS generally come easily to the violinist Daniel Hope .
“Lebanon has an obligation to protect anyone who is on its territory and protect their freedom of speech,” said Nadim Houry, director of Human Rights Watch’s Beirut office.
If I had a dinner party I could probably borrow some good silverware from a neighbor.
But he’s a little bit older, and you can’t play baseball forever.
The progression occurs in the course of years rather than months, and the primary nature of the aphasia is demonstrated by showing that memory for recent events, recognition of familiar faces and objects, reasoning, and basic aspects of comportment are relatively preserved at the initial stages.” Focus on What Remains With no therapy available to treat the underlying disease, treatment involves determining which aspects of language are strongest, then providing speech therapy that emphasizes those areas and avoids areas in which patients are weakest, Dr. Mesulam said.
Some organizations posted curriculum collections and resources, too, and we’ll include those in a resource collection on Friday.)
2 with 153,000 copies sold, and “Glee: The Music, Vol.
Instead the Democratic candidate, Kathy Hochul, won the race by 5 percentage points, a 19-point swing from expectations.
“And that’s just some of my stuff,” Mr. Schofield said.
American Apparel Gets by with a little help from friends at eBay and Bloomingdale’s.
As always, there were trade-offs.
As burgers and steaks are being flipped on backyard grills all across the United States this weekend, some of the world’s top chefs are finding sophisticated new ways of handling this ancient, elemental cooking method.
It’s about publishing opinion pieces in two concurrent publications and to a considerable extent having the Review duplicate content that belongs in the Magazine.
Think, for instance, of the overemoting flamenco diva, or the tango couple whose every lift seems designed as a candidate for the dance hall version of the Kama Sutra.
Diners using Savored pay $10 for the reservation and the coupon.
As part of their compensation, the brothers and other executives were allowed to bill the institute for the costs of their children’s college educations.
The businessmen I shadowed also looked harmless, to anyone but me.
It was Washington’s second-largest lead of the season.
In November, six border police officers were killed by a rogue Afghan Army officer.
I certainly knew to whom one man was referring when I overheard him say: “One of his nicknames was Slow Pay Frank.
Such a view had enormous consequences for the theory of motion.
If she were ever going to suffer from any mistakes again, they were going to be her mistakes and not her husband’s.
On Wednesday, officials in Blue Nile state, home to several thousand heavily armed southern-allied soldiers, said there had been no clashes.
The 32-year-old is clearly not rated highly by Louis van Gaal, Munich’s coach, who benches him while Mario Gómez piles up the goals for the club.
Since the trial began, the tale has grown only more twisted, with accusations of incest and adultery and depictions of a mother who was so depraved and indifferent that she went shopping and got tattooed while volunteers were searching for her daughter.
: Actually, it’s a bit contradictory, because I was very shy and yet I was able to do nude pictures, and to go out looking outrageous.
They owed more forints than they had borrowed.
The demonstrations, organized by independent Palestinian youth activists, called for national unity.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY PAUL SAKUMA/ASSOCIATED PRESS)
(Friday) Not everyone feels like celebrating the start of an academic year, but the Brooklyn Children’s Museum promises to make the transition fun with this party, intended especially for those who will be attending school for the first time.
The unspecified cuts won’t kick in for years, and the future presidents and Congresses who would have to live with the political fallout of those cuts are just as likely to cancel them before they’re ever enacted.
“And I will have another one soon, and take a nap, and then return to work and perhaps drink again with a friend later tonight.
Some local governments already have ordinances about changing out old-style fluorescents or changing out incandescent bulbs to the compact fluorescents .
The producers scouted Broadway houses with Mr. Moore and others and ended up with an interesting choice: the Eugene O’Neill Theater, which has the intimacy of a playhouse with just 1,066 seats, hundreds fewer than some musical houses.
So when their next-door neighbors moved out in 2004, they bought the adjacent building, for $950,000, and embarked on a $2 million renovation, completed in 2009.
If nobody is home, I have to determine where they are — at work, on vacation, in the Army, in jail, in a nursing home, dead or moved away.
Jazz Tour of Bedford-Stuyvesant (Friday) A walk through this historic brownstone neighborhood in Brooklyn will be followed by a jazz concert, with refreshments.
“Everybody thinks they’re going to be the next Marc Lasry,” Mr. Discolo said, referring to the manager of Avenue Capital, which oversees $13.7 billion.
American disengagement has already begun, but it must go further.
Archives: Look of the Moment >>
She had been a disc jockey and promoter, and was captivated by Mr. Tapia’s music and his story.
The increasingly convoluted dispute might be entertaining, in the cringe-inducing way that New Jersey politics often are, but legal scholars say the stakes are serious.
At the same time, he continues to defend the 2008 break he wrangled for the owners of thoroughbred racehorses.
Ilene Margolin, a spokeswoman for Emblem, said she could not comment on an individual case, but added: “We lost tens of millions on some of those products.
This May, when James Connolly, a slim New York City native with a slight stoop and a shock of white hair, started life anew, he took the downtown E train, carrying bags of his clothes and all the history books he could fit.
Perhaps it was the clarity of deployed life that he craved.
Beginning that decade, as awareness of the dangers increased and forecasting technologies were developed and improved, the death rate declined by an order of magnitude, reaching about 0.2 per million in the mid-1990s, or about 60 people per year.
That same analysis should apply to false statements about medals, he said.
He said he still considered the case to be simple.
We did have some postcards made up.
John lived just across the street; the two boys were inseparable.
When I sat down with the iPad, they clustered like fruit flies around a peach.
As states and cities struggle to resolve paralyzing budget shortfalls by sending workers on unpaid furloughs, freezing salaries and extracting larger contributions for health benefits and pensions, a growing number of public-sector workers are finding fewer reasons to stay.
He then attended Syracuse University, graduating in 1949 from the School of Journalism.
She also received some substantial church commissions, among them one for the large canvases for the Cathedral of Pozzuoli on show here.
There he was taken under the wing of Walter Sisulu, the father figure of the African National Congress, and set up a law firm with Oliver Tambo, a friend from Fort Hare who became head of the A.N.C.
Adding Italy and Austria to a Trip to Zermatt I'm considering an 8-to-10-day family trip with my wife and two high school boys to ski Zermatt/Cervinia around New Year's and would like to combine it with travel to historical cities or sites in the region, maybe Italy, Austria or Germany.
And was there ever a true opportunity for Lebanon to emerge stronger from the Hariri debacle, or did the crime simply exemplify the country’s fatal flaws?
They take a swab to detect nicotine .
Hughes pitched well in a win over the Rays on Saturday .
She enjoyed a full life with her husband Joseph, family and dear friends.
Although it had never indicated its capital plans, the bank stunned many investors when it said it expected to maintain its quarterly dividend at 5 cents, and unlike its peers, did not mention whether the Fed had granted it approval to return capital to shareholders in the future.
As if the thousands of bodies inside the huge sports hall that VW rented didn’t generate enough heat, there were the explosions and fireworks that preceded the announcement that Lamborghini, the VW subsidiary, would build a limited run of 20 Sesto Elemento supercars, the carbon-tubbed piece of unobtanium first shown at the 2010 Paris auto show, starting in 2013.
The ever-talkative Mr. Smith, who will be an executive producer of the show, said in a statement that he was “ecstatic, proud, and extremely lucky to be in bed with a network I watch religiously anyway,” adding: “If they’d pushed just a little harder in the negotiations, I’d have done this show for no payment beyond early access to every episode of ‘Mad Men,’ ‘Breaking Bad’ and ‘Walking Dead.’ ” The second show, “JJK Security,” chronicles a family-owned private security company in rural Georgia.
A pitcher and strainer work fine.
Now, we’ll know.” The teams will also be able to do a better job of preparing engines back in the shop.
Fascism and anarchy in 1930s Spain combine with romantic entanglement to provide the action in Jonathan Rabb’s novel, the final volume in a trilogy of historical thrillers.
Every day this week, reporters and editors for The New York Times will recall the people, teams and moments that made the past year memorable.
Dix Hills Performing Arts Center, 305 North Service Road.
Hubbard was particularly fierce against defecting members, especially if they put online the higher levels of enlightenment that were supposed to be revealed only to loyal trainees.
(“For me, unless the hand is present, humanity is absent from the piece,” he said.)
“How would you feel if your agent did that?” he asked.
“I’m really happy for him,” Mickelson said.
On Friday, there is some speculation that the couple could celebrate their union at the grandest meeting, but both smiled mysteriously when asked about a waled wedding.
Niagara Falls, N.Y., is a shell of a city: the stucco exteriors of low-rise motels wear the stains of neglect; paint peels on old bungalows, their porches sagging; and weeds poke through the cracks of downtown sidewalks.
A recent trip to New York, where she lived for much of her recovery period, gave her a chance to revisit some of the milestones that she chronicles in “Season to Taste” (Ecco, $24.99), and to bask in a city whose scents, both floral and foul, were wildly blooming in the spring sunshine.
Despite only losing two games in regulation out of the seven, the Rangers will have to play much better to contend for the Stanley Cup this season.
“It’s failed 51 straight times in 21 states,” said Brian Malte of the Brady Campaign.
Unlike shoes and bags, which can gouge a hole in one’s budget, scarves remain, for now at least, a relatively painless investment, selling, for the most part, from about $30 to $500.
First of all, there’s the total transparency of the bike itself, with every part on display.
“Throwing things away has to be done without her knowing about it,” Ms. Miller said, her voice dropping to a conspiratorial register.
Billups’s contract was removed from the cap through a one-time amnesty provision, which gave the Knicks the room to add Chandler, who played for the Dallas Mavericks last season.
It was just 100 years ago that Italy decided to join the exclusive club of American and European colonial powers by attacking Libya.
In the city of Ipswich, between Grantham and Brisbane, residents said many had forgotten the immediate threat of floods, which last struck the town on any comparably catastrophic scale in 1974.
Home to stone behemoths like the Metropolitan Opera House and Avery Fisher Hall, Lincoln Center has grown itself a parabola of green that opened last year as part of a campus redevelopment project.
The U.S. has kept the supply lines running while compromising little on its principles.
The breach is, in some ways, a twist of fate for the Chamber.
They managed to stabilize the weighty sculpture, which has a faint smile tugging at its cheeks, on a stone pedestal in the foyer at his house on West 141st Street and Hamilton Terrace in Manhattan.
The car then shot forward, Mr. Browne said, and three other officers found themselves in imminent danger.
Katie’s mother Beth (Rebecca Creskoff), who has recently started a career in real estate and has been distracted from her family duties, reacts with a variation on the same theme: “Your father would have a heart attack.” Ms. Forlenza exudes the kind of youthful glamour and self-confidence that makes you see why she’d be a high school star, even if she were a mere cheerleader.
If he draws inspiration from anywhere, he says, it is from the unorthodox antidualism of Blake and from Shitao, a charismatic 17th-century Buddhist painter-philosopher who wrote about an ecstatic union of artist and nature.
THESE are vital questions that rank among today’s deepest mysteries.
One thing in life leads to another.
On Oct. 27, 2010, for instance, a network of zombie computers called the Grum botnet delivered an e-mail with “Viagra Official Site” in the subject line.
I could hear the hearts and blood of my children.
He had blocked 76 shots before Chara let loose.
“New Yorkers have waited nearly 10 years for this news.
Understands that group and cultural influences contribute to human development, identity and behavior.
You can find hose clamps and that cheddar cheese, and Abdel added three more chairs for farmers to sit on.
Once they are told they have a state, the Arabs will feel they have been given the keys to the inn and that we are usurpers.
It’s not nearly as big a problem as the 40 percent of children who are born out of wedlock.
We’re just trying to focus.
In an internal memo, the bank said the unauthorized trading could drag down earnings in the third quarter to a loss, adding that “no client positions” were involved in the “unauthorized trading.” “It’s a shock, a real negative surprise,” said Panagiotis Spiliopoulos, head of research at the private bank Vontobel in Zurich.
Google is opening its social network, Google+, to companies, organizations and brands.
Now the researchers think they have identified a potential source for biodiesel that currently goes straight to landfills: alligator fat, about 15 million pounds of it every year.
The smallest and least expensive Jeep, and the lowest-priced compact sport utility on the market.
Survived by her children Lynn and John Davidson, and granddaughters, Jessica and Rachel Stults.
So we shared a moment of Yale bonding: I was an undergraduate there, played my first performance of “Carnival” as a junior in a recital at my residential college and then attended the Yale School of Music.
The production numbers at the Latin Grammys often drew on Las Vegas revues, and Pitbull got a bevy of showgirls posing on chairs in bikinis.
Loving and devoted father to Mark, Vicki and Wallis, and sons-in-law Kevin and Jason.
CulinAriane , the Montclair restaurant she has co-owned with her husband, Michael, since 2006, doubled in size after she left the show.
Wife of the late Sidney Smoler.
Yet the salad’s ingredients seemed haphazardly dumped on the plate — a tipoff that little heed would be paid to presentation.
It draws its inspiration, he said, from Phillips Exeter Academy, an elite boarding high school in New Hampshire where students in small classes work collaboratively and hold discussions around tables.
Although he appears to be in a mystical state, it wasn’t clear whether Bellini was capturing the moment of stigmatization.
Old age hasn’t diminished her.
Frank Thomas, meanwhile, will roll right in when he’s eligible in 2014, wearing a White Sox cap and, finally, a smile.
That kind of art does not help, and it just does not sell, he tells students.
The White House has tried to emphasize that Judge Vinson’s ruling will not affect the law’s implementation, at least in Washington, until appellate courts can clarify the confusion.
One prankster asked for a cool $20 million.
A brief 1937 prologue introduces us to the Spanish Civil War and the recruitment of an unwilling clown into the fight against General Franco’s rebel forces.
That was where several banks, including Citi, came in.
Fearing an imminent invasion, some frightened citizens fled to Houston, many not to return until the war’s end; in Austin, the governor considered burning the vibrant port city to the ground, just to keep it from falling into Union hands.
“There is insufficient evidence to decide whether to go to war,” said Ma’moun al-Husseini, a columnist for Al-Khaleej, a United Arab Emirates newspaper.
His caustic sense of humor lends many of his songs the same edge of sarcasm that runs through many of his father’s songs.
for what it called its generous executive compensation that “rewards executives even if the company performs poorly.” H.P.
In baseball, New York City performed well, with its Police and Fire Departments meeting in the finals — with the firefighters taking the gold.
They hope instead to put forth a credible candidate from the emerging world to reflect its growing economic clout.
This summer ArtsBeat is inviting members of the theater world to contribute to the weekly Theater Talkback column, alternating with the critics Ben Brantley and Charles Isherwood.
No, said a spokeswoman for the center, the two Elaine Kaufmans were not related.
Fighting on the other side is the milk industry, which runs a campaign describing chocolate milk as a “nutrient-rich beverage option for kids” and released its very own survey results earlier this year showing that 84 percent of parents want chocolate milk served in schools.
Shortly before his execution, Hill wrote supporters an emotional note, saying, “Don’t waste time mourning, organize,” which later became the union catchphrase, “Don’t Mourn, Organize.”
The immigrants will remain in a sort of legal limbo, not vulnerable to deportation but with no positive immigration status, which can be conferred only by Congress.
He has submitted a bill that creates the state’s first voluntary public campaign financing system, which would apply only to his office.
“The system has been around a long time.
Now, scientists say, humans are loving the chambered nautilus to death, throwing its very existence into danger.
Q: Did you see a lot of crossing routes without having Michael Boley in the game?
“He’s a real business man, I’m just pretending,” Mr. Buffett told DealBook, with a chuckle.
He puzzled another parent, Ms. Montanaro, by reading aloud a short story he had written, about angels and the end of the world, that she found strange and incomprehensible.
2 with its self-titled second album; released by the independent label Jagjaguwar, the album sold 104,000 copies, Bon Iver’s highest chart position and best sales week.
Mohamed Farouq stood at the entrance to the Kasr el-Nil Bridge, the passageway to Tahrir.
I’m wondering if this use of two-dimensional alter egos isn’t some sly comment on how virtual reality is replacing real reality and how we have all become mere ghosts of our technological avatars.
The firm countered in court filings that Mr. D’Ablemont’s billable hours had been falling precipitously, adding that he engaged in “objectionable behavior inconsistent with the expectations of a Kelley Drye partner.” Mr. D’Ablemont declined to comment, as did Kelley Drye, but legal experts say another victory by the E.E.O.C.
But both investigators remain wary.
First babies themselves are more likely to be stillborn.
ASTROS 7, CUBS 3 Carlos Marmol of host Chicago blew his third save of the season, allowing six runs to Houston in the ninth inning.
deal will also establish off-season testing for steroids for the first time.
Read full story here .
While she said publicly that her change of mind was a result of the nuclear disaster in Japan , many analysts saw it as a desperate attempt to recover political ground after a series of defeats in local elections.
“You do not need to be too clever to understand why.” One of a few residents here who is willing to speak openly in support of the uprising in Syria, Shefa Abu Jabal, 25, has been helping disseminate news of the protests and their brutal suppression, working through social networking sites where none of the commenters uses their real names.
“I felt very comfortable with this woman.
Around midnight, the campus police were said to be using mace on students and the protesters were reported to be turning over a van from a local TV station covering the scandal.
“One way or another, we will be trimming the deficit by a total of at least $2.2 trillion over the next 10 years.”
The protests block the evictions only temporarily.
Otherwise, it’s unreturned calls and empty in-boxes.
On Wednesday morning, commuters found roads blocked by mudslides.
Last week, the government passed a contentious tax-restructuring measure championed by the Northern League, the most powerful party in the center-right coalition, which had said it would bring down the government if the effort failed.
“We sat on the bow of the boat, just talking the night away, laughing and talking,” she said.
“Ethics and quality were the issues.
Written and directed by Mr. Masud and co-written, edited and produced by his wife, the film tells of a poor Muslim boy sent away by his rigid, conservative father to a madrasa, a religious school, despite the concerns of his mother.
All-Green Watercress Salad Use watercress, not dandelions; skip olive oil, lemon juice and feta.
Half an hour later, when he looked at his leg, he noticed a burst of fluorescent purple climbing from his foot, over his ankle and nearly to the knee.
After trying some longer passes, we shortened up with more combinations.” After Backe made a handful of substitutions to start the second half, including replacing Henry, United was right back to business.
“But tumbleweeds don’t melt and go away.
Senator John Whitmire, an Anglo Democrat first elected to the Legislature in 1972, represents a district where 26.7 percent of the residents are black and 46.5 percent are Hispanic.
A ground plan of the project seen from above resembles a huge A.
“There was this kind of depression,” he said.
Investigators said Mr. Laffer’s wife, Melinda Brady, who pleaded guilty to helping him plan the robbery, had also been a patient of Dr. Li’s.
“I think that’s the level that above which it appears to be associated with a substantially increased risk,” he said.
Charitable remainder trusts allow donors who need current income to receive it for life or a set period of up to 20 years.
The veterinarian hired by the Thoroughbred Retirement Foundation to evaluate the health of its herd says if the rescue group is to survive it must greatly reduce the number of horses it cares for, increase its financial support to the farms where they live and work with smaller organizations to retrain the horses for a second career in equestrian competitions or so they can be adopted.
On the back of the third quarter’s one-time accounting gains, Royal Bank of Scotland’s net profit in the three months through September was £1.2 billion, compared with a £1.1 billion loss in the same period last year.
For $200, is that enough to satisfy millions — maybe even Amazon chief executive Jeff Bezos’ predicted ‘many millions’?
225, dnadance.org ; $10, or $5 for advance tickets.
In other, similar cases, charities that received nonvoting stakes in privately held companies through gifts of stock used large losses they had incurred on unrelated businesses to offset taxes for other shareholders.
Reyes, who has been on the disabled list with a strained left hamstring since Aug. 8, sprinted several times from home to first base and ran along the contour of the outfield grass as a way to simulate turning movements.
“This was a great, classical game.
But that’s what makes what Maya has done so amazing.
Even if a 50-year-old has the telomere length more typical of a 70-year-old, she said, “This doesn’t mean your whole body is like a 70-year-old person’s body.” Still, she said, “We think it can be helpful to people who are especially keen on knowing how healthy they are.” Generally tests offered by a single laboratory do not have to be approved by the Food and Drug Administration.
The judging for the new prizes will happen in two stages, Mr. Kokot explained: a steering committee will solicit recommendations from a group of nominators, and the final selection will be made by a panel consisting of Mr. Kokot; Jeffrey Peabody, his co-executor; and two longtime friends of Mr. Windham, Robert A, Wilson, a rare-book dealer, and Bruce Kellner, a retired English professor.
Marcus expects that the Doors’ career is widely known from Oliver Stone’s movie “The Doors” — but that hypnotically evocative film is 20 years old.
“This is like a war; you don’t discuss your war plans in public,” Mr. Museveni said.
“For what?” he says now.
Sixty works from the National Museum were intact, while some were recovered but found to be damaged.
Rice, who did not attend the university, has been a part of the faculty and administration in different capacities over the years and describes the university as “a small town in many ways.” She said that one of the things she liked most was the feeling that “I’m part of this community, not apart from it.” Seeing Luck ride his bike through campus and eating lunch with fellow students at the student union area known as Tresidder gave Rice the feeling that he “belongs on a college campus.” Her favorite moment may have been when Luck declared he was coming back for this school year and mentioned how he would have missed his professors.
Personally, I would rather live in Denmark, where taxes are a confiscatory 49 percent of G.D.P., according to Heritage , but where the government works and people have considerably more business, trade, investment and financial freedom than in the United States, according to Heritage .
With all these nice guys, not to mention the adoring fans, a naïve moviegoer might think that Kelly would be happy.
“We always hated the one-false-start rule,” said Grace Jackson, the former runner and team leader for Jamaica in Daegu, “and now we hate it even more.”
It’s a new pain and an old pain.
But Ovechkin soon became her focus.
I don’t even know you.’ ” They tussled briefly, he said.
“I’m wrestling with the fact that I’ve got him playing first base, and when do I think that I’ve got to get him back in the outfield,” Collins said before the Mets’ game Monday night against the Padres .
Ballan lived for over half a century in Fair Lawn and was a member of the Fair Lawn Jewish Center, of which his father was a founding member.
In the afternoons we might visit a monastery or make a shopping trip to a nearby town.
It’s a tough thing to go through head injuries and concussions.
We’ve gotten into a zone right now and we want to keep it going.” He added: “Now that the Chase has come around, a lot of attention and hype can easily overshadow it — put you in the mode of being excited, being nervous, where you’re doing the job differently than you had in the past 8 or 10 weeks.
Yet as Sebastian Born, associate director at the National Theater in London, where the play had its premiere, says, it “has the elements of a Graham Greene thriller.” Mr. Rogers first conceived “Blood and Gifts” after producers at the Tricycle Theater in London asked him to assemble a short piece for what would become the 12-play cycle “The Great Game: Afghanistan.” But he withdrew his contribution before the cycle’s American tour , since he had already decided to expand it into a full-length work.
In reporting the book, did you ever have surprising feelings toward Osama?
This was the first such I.C.C.
Much of that money has been repaid by the banks — but the rescue of the mortgage giants Fannie and Freddie has already cost taxpayers $153 billion, and the federal government estimates the effort could cost $363 billion through 2013.
“This tragedy can’t help but curtail, at least for some time, Arizona’s role as a Wild West incubator.” Talk radio, which has a long tradition in Arizona, has been particularly heated as the state has struggled with immigration.
He duped the police into believing that Ms. Sumasar had impersonated a police officer who held up her victims with a semi-automatic handgun during crimes that were staged in Queens and Nassau County, prosecutors said.
“It was cheaper than actually buying the book,” said Rebecca Johnson, a senior at George Mason University, who bought her first electronic textbook during her junior year.
was bigger in terms of sales.
But those plans were reined in when Congress virtually dictated that NASA use existing technologies to build a new heavy-lift rocket and crew capsule needed for such voyages.
Mr. Kelly said that the police discovered a loaded pistol on Mr. Olmeda and a revolver with three expended shell casings in the van.
The third movement, with its circling melodies, lacked dancing grace.
Engineering, a construction company based in Hong Kong.
The most recent sting was developed in response to a recent surge in bike thefts in the East Village, the Police Department’s chief spokesman, Paul J. Browne, said.
During the show, he added, “there’s a lot of influences spinning around the room.” Mr. Bragg met Ms.
The police chief in Peshawar, Liaqat Khan, said there were “intelligence reports of a suicide bomber in the area of University Town, so people were well-advised to take extreme care and caution.” Security has been increased since the May 2 raid, Mr. Khan said.
U.S.A. needed to stem the tide, but on Board 15 lost 4 imps when Nunes made two clubs and Cheek went down one in three clubs.
Any government has to worry most about the abuse of power by those with whom power is placed — and in a republic, that is the people.
“In recent days some articles and comments appearing in the press with respect to the report of the United Nations (U.N.) fact-finding mission on the Gaza conflict of 2008-2009 have misrepresented facts in an attempt to delegitimize the findings of this report and to cast doubts on its credibility,” their joint statement began.
They know how to take risks, and how to either build on work that’s successful, or they are able to say that something doesn’t work, and let’s move on, let’s change that.
... Albert Pujols hit his 25th home run and finished a triple shy of the cycle as St. Louis won at Florida, 7-4.
I would point out that Germany has a universal health care system; thus German employers are not responsible for providing health insurance for their employees, as most American companies do.
The malicious software infected four million computers, including 500,000 in the United States, the prosecutors said.
The second approach concentrates on how Fanta “believes in a less serious attitude that can spread,” Mr. Mildenhall says, demonstrating “how infectious” that attitude can be.
It has more than 1,000 patents, and in 2010, it made an estimated $630 million from its licenses, according to Argus Research.
His influence will be long reaching, and his death is a great loss.
He felt that this organization didn’t see him as a priority.” Cromartie, who agreed to a four-year, $32 million deal, challenged that perception.
“It’s not that I’m such a nostalgic person.
I want to keep acting, but I also want to go to college.
For example, when he was in the minor leagues, Cervelli played against Nationals shortstop Ian Desmond, who is from Sarasota, Fla. “I love the way he played,” Cervelli said.
9 P.M. (MTV) 2011 MTV VIDEO MUSIC AWARDS The awards dare to go hostless at this annual ceremony, broadcast live from the Nokia Theater in Los Angeles.
“The speed with which I evolved from a liberal into a radical and from a tepid Communist sympathizer into an ardent anti-Stalinist still amazes me,” he wrote in the introduction to his 1957 collection, “Memoirs of a Revolutionist.” His political brawling helped temper his rhetorical steel.
Unlike a spelling bee or a dance tournament, though, the International Holy Koran Competition, held annually in Cairo, has consequences beyond triumph or tears.
Presented by Primary Stages, Casey Childs, executive producer; Andrew Leynse, artistic director; Elliot Fox, managing director, in association with Jamie deRoy, Barry Feirstein, Daniel Frishwasser and Ted Snowdon.
People fall down a lot, tackled by emotions beyond their control, in Karin Coonrod’s rowdy production of “Love’s Labor’s Lost,” which opened Monday night at the Public Theater .
This new immigrant community, just putting down roots, had very few places to worship; there were hardly any Hindu temples in America.
He finished with 32 points, none in overtime, and more frustration than fireworks.
Certain players have always done things that keep them on the winning side, even if they are not always recognized.
Also, Nirvana ’s “Nevermind” (Universal Music Enterprises), reissued last week for the album’s 20th anniversary, is No.
Not all hawkers were as cheerful, complaining that sales were not brisk enough, even as they still quoted prices as high as $1,790 an ounce on Wednesday morning.
While 15 of those were down days, what most people forget is that 12 of those were up days.
But Alleghany’s deal erected a number of high hurdles, including the support of Transatlantic’s biggest shareholder, Davis Selected Advisors, and a higher bid price.
Since the uprising began last week, the news media have had to rely heavily on witnesses via telephone and amateur video on the Internet.
The segment also benefited from volume growth for its Lamb Weston specialty potato products.
The problem is that nonworking parents do have the ability to pay, through their spouse’s income.
Usually, it is not the guys you trade that hurt you.
Philipsburg Manor, 381 North Broadway.
Ilene H. Lang, president and chief executive of Catalyst, says one factor can be traced to an “entrenched sexism” that is no less harmful for being largely unconscious.
He recently finished the Maneuver Captain’s Career Course at Fort Benning, Ga., and will report to the 10th Mountain Division at Fort Drum, N.Y., this month.
And Prince, he has always hit bombs, mammoth shots.” Santana, 31, who attended the Brewers’ 7-1 loss in Friday’s Game 5 of the N.L.C.S., recalled being with Fielder in 2003 when they learned the team had drafted a player from their hometown.
In 2009, Portugal eliminated Bosnia in a World Cup qualifying playoff.
The Darien Historical Society, 45 Old Kings Highway North.
That’s what we’ve been doing.
“The contest is often an organizing principle for a group of people to form a block association,” said Robin Simmen, director of GreenBridge, the botanic garden’s community horticulture program.
A federal judge ruled on Wednesday that Jared L. Loughner would undergo four more months of treatment in a federal psychiatric facility to see if he recovers enough to stand trial on charges that he killed six people and wounded 13 others, including Representative Gabrielle Giffords , on Jan. 8.
“Movies are living things,” he said.
So he is both a producer of power and a consumer.
And as I’m telling him about this, and I told him I would get back to them tomorrow.
The pilots sent an emergency message to air traffic controllers and then guided the aircraft to a safe landing at the Kahului airport on the island of Maui.
RAYS 4, WHITE SOX 1 Wade Davis pitched seven solid innings and host Tampa Bay won for the eighth time in nine games.
A hit on the radio gets my attention and doesn’t repay it; it adds up to little more than a dull thumping Eurodisco beat and a robo-tuned voice repeating an inane hook, something like the “Ay-oh, gotta let go,” in Taio Cruz’s “Dynamite,” or Justin Bieber piping, “Baby, baby, baby, oh” or the Black Eyed Peas chanting “Imma Be” more than 100 times (though at least that song goes through some rhythm changes).
Investors and the Internet video-consuming public have been paying close attention to Netflix as a leader in the growing over-the-top video industry, a reference to the fact that Netflix piggybacks on other companies’ Internet connections.
But the Pando study stung the collective psyche of officials here.
In one spot , after the pit crew of the Nascar driver Kyle Busch transforms his racecar into a 2012 Camry, he selects the Pandora application on the Entune system and drives off, singing along with Loverboy on “Working for the Weekend.” There are also plans for a Camry commercial during Super Bowl XLVI on Feb. 5.
The recent Dodd-Frank financial regulatory law amended the accounting rules to permit exchanging information with overseas regulators, paving the way for Monday’s agreement.
Now, like so many aspects of his life, even the details of his death are in dispute.
The article also described incorrectly the scene in the fourth inning after Diamondbacks pitcher Jason Marquis, who later learned he had fractured his fibula, hit Josh Thole with a pitch.
President Obama plunged into the heart of Republican primary land on Tuesday to deliver a direct challenge to Congress to act quickly to extend and expand the payroll tax cut when lawmakers return next week from the Thanksgiving holidays.
It says the conversation could bolster a defense contention that Mr. Emanuel, who has not been accused of any wrongdoing, was willing to help with a deal in which Mr. Blagojevich would have named Illinois’s attorney general to the seat in exchange for help in pushing a legislative package the governor favored.
Kroll found that before departing The Telegraph, Mr. Robinson reformatted his iPad , erasing all the data, and cut up the SIM card to his iPhone .
He just completed his fourth N.F.L.
The character and brand remain “highly, highly relevant,” Mr. Addicks said, because they are perceived by consumers as “authentic, relatable and helpful.” To underline that, he pointed to sales of Betty Crocker baking products.
If you default on a mortgage or home equity loan, the bank can take your home to pay off the debt.
“When the highway was here, I sat on my sofa and watched television all day,” she told me.
One member of the new priesthood was the Manhattan advertising executive Harry Treleaven, who wrote a memo that captured the evolving relationship between politics and entertainment.
Customers of Insurent must have a gross income of 27.5 times the monthly rent, not 27.5 percent of the monthly rent.
“That’s nice of you to say.” Spalding was fairly conspicuous in the Hyatt’s breakfast lounge, less so for her trademark hair, which was tied up in a blue-and-white print scarf, than for her smile, more Zen than a 26-year-old should be allowed.
In those days, her primary concerns included “not having back fat in a leotard.” She says she was “a social smoker, a drinker” and “a scarfer, a barfer.” “I basically lived on microwaveable diet food — the faster, the simpler, the faker, the better.
Judge Nancy Gertner of Federal District Court in Boston on Friday denied a request by Mr. Quattrone and his co-defendants to dismiss a decade-old lawsuit that charges his former bank, Credit Suisse First Boston, with issuing misleading stock research on AOL – Time Warner .
When I finally got it open and dumped out its contents, I counted more than a dozen bathing suits (several with their store tags intact), 12 bathing caps, 10 pairs of goggles and countless nose clips and earplugs.
Florent Malouda scored a goal in each half as Chelsea kept its title hopes alive by beating Birmingham City, 3-1.
At about 3 a.m., a uniformed officer with the Nassau County Police Department spotted the BMW pulled over on the side of the road, near Jericho Turnpike.
To the north, explore a brief moment of monasticism in the Cloisters or rest on a bench beside the ever-blooming gardens in Fort Tryon Park .
“But because of the earthquake, and the sentiment it has generated, all those barriers and hurdles have been able to be overcome for this special one-off occasion.” Sanzar chief executive Greg Peters is certainly in no rush to make matches like this a regular feature on the Super Rugby calendar.
In banking, the collaboration is even stronger, dating to the mid-1990s when banks were asked to regularly report suspicious activities to the Treasury Department , an effort that aimed at relieving regulators of some of their enforcement loads.
The official, Adm. Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said there were “irrevocable logistics and operational decisions” that had to be made by the United States before the withdrawal of forces was scheduled to accelerate.
“We’ve looked at opportunities across the states for repurposing coal plants,” said Gregory C. Staple, the foundation’s chief executive.
Primarily it impacted our lunch numbers because a lot of our business, probably 10 to 20 percent during the week, was business meetings from downtown.
His job is to hold the city accountable for its finances.
WOODSTOCK Bearsville Theater Shannon McNally, blues and rock.
Mr. Akhund said that he was not able to bring the message personally to Mr. Rabbani but that a trusted person would do so and bring messages and documents.
This is risk management at its most basic level.
Simultaneously, he showcased rigor toward rejected asylum-seekers, much as the Bush and Obama administrations highlighted record numbers of detainees and deportations while pursuing, albeit unsuccessfully, more lenient immigration laws.
A narrated graphic by Graham Roberts and Henry Fountain.
Ms. Curtis said she imagined him in a dream and drew him when she woke up, choosing as her canvas the glued-together bottoms of cardboard boxes used to pack food by a Chinese restaurant where she once worked.
This peculiar form of a statistical vanishing act occurred famously with tobacco smoking and lung cancer.
They often practice with a lid on the basket, when every shot is simply a rebound-in-waiting.
I think everyone should open their closet and show the skeletons.
And increasingly on television, there’s never enough time because men are lazy.
Tomlinson defended the play-calling, saying coordinators always seem to receive the most scrutiny when a team is not performing well.
At times I’m absolutely clear about what makes sense.
The suspects include the couple's teenage son and the son of their housekeeper.
“His overall approach to expanding the size of government, expanding the deficit, and giving more and more authority and power to the government over the private sector,” Mr. Cheney said in an interview with Jamie Gangel for NBC News.
This neighbor has also called the police five times to complain about the noise.
Prosecutors have said that people hired to remove asbestos from the building and tear it down had cut away a section of standpipe that could have delivered water to the firefighters and averted their deaths.
In 2007, she received a diagnosis of exercise-induced asthma , but the medication she was prescribed did not alleviate her distress.
In their recent book, “The Power of Pull,” they suggest that we’re in the early stages of a “Big Shift,” precipitated by the merging of globalization and the Information Technology Revolution.
Someone tell Maureen Dowd to leave Bob Dylan alone (“Blowin’ in the idiot wind,” Views, April 11).
“It doesn’t have an erotic clamor or a fast pace.” But, the series’s passionate viewers say, the very things that could be drawbacks — the slowness, the emotional unfolding of the story, the unflashiness of it all — are the things that make it so addictive.
“RIM gave me a free ticket and I was actually going to be in San Francisco anyway,” he said.
The town was back, at least for the moment, in rebel hands.
Jeffery Delviscio, Senior Producer, Foreign You said that your job is not so much as a reporter, but as a Web producer.
An unnamed “local political observer” in Tripoli told American diplomats that Muatassim’s “carousing and extravagance angered some locals, who viewed his activities as impious and embarrassing to the nation.” Another brother, Hannibal, meanwhile, had fled London after being accused of physically abusing his wife, Aline, and after the intervention of a Qaddafi daughter, Ayesha, who traveled to London despite being “many months pregnant,” the cable reported.
Yet the overwhelming strength of the Marines, and large numbers of Afghan Army and police forces brought in to increase security, eventually tipped the balance, residents and officials in the region said.
As a result, he said, the companies that provide Internet service have had little reason to expect a shutdown, and so did not prepare alternative communications channels or workarounds.
LONG BEACH Long Beach Public Library Richard Greenwald, a dean and professor of history and sociology at St. Joseph's College, will present a lecture on firefighters, police officers, emergency medical technicians and steamfitters and other construction workers who went to ground zero to aid in rescue and recovery work.
Some coal industry boosters saw that as a strong signal of support — coming less than two weeks after the Japanese earthquake, tsunami and nuclear crisis — for traditional energy as the backbone of the national supply.
(Chinen) ★ Gretchen Parlato (Saturday) Ms. Parlato is an intuitive jazz singer, drawn to a mellow, drifting sound informed at once by Brazilian pop, Wayne Shorter and organic R&B.
Jonathan Mahler A contributing writer for The New York Times Magazine, Jonathan Mahler is the author of ''Ladies and Gentlemen, the Bronx Is Burning,'' about the chaos of 1977, in New York and inside Yankee Stadium.
RANGERS 12, BLUE JAYS 2 Nelson Cruz broke out of an extended slump with a career-high eight runs batted in as Texas beat visiting Toronto.
In video said to have been recorded on Friday in the Syrian city of Aleppo, protesters picked up the chant heard across the Arab world this year: “The People Demand the Fall of the Regime!”
The arrests on Tuesday included three people accused of accepting payment to take tests and eight who the authorities say paid impersonators to take tests for them.
This itself could reignite a virtuous cycle — a broad-based prosperity that not only generates more demand for goods and services and therefore more jobs, but also a more inclusive and generous politics.
On March 8, the Huntington Town Board removed the last barrier by declining to hold a hearing on whether to designate the building a town landmark.
The most notable of these was undoubtedly the pizza roll, a combination single slice and egg roll.
“So many houses are shattered, I will feel good helping out,” he said.
Her bleached-blond hair was pulled back tightly, but a certain inner feistiness still shone through.
Instead of returning to college, Wilson worked construction for a year with his uncle.
And obviously we’re going to have to play it tight.
“I opened my first shop, La Maison, with $15,000 of my own money,” Ms. Keveza said, beaming proudly.
“At first, none of us reporters believed that the Germans had documented everything,” Burson recalls.
But networks are monitoring how shows do over a full week after they are broadcast to gauge the depth of audience interest and loyalty.
Saturday night, for example, I fed four people a dinner of nuts, a small frittata, fish, salad and watermelon for far less than two of us would have spent at Applebee’s.
He was a striking person, compact and strong, with hair braided nearly to his waist.
After workers at two plants in Chicago and one in Wayne, Mich., voted against the deal, it received overwhelming support from large locals in Dearborn, Mich.; Louisville, Ky.; and Kansas City, Mo.
“It is in no way challenging or provocative, but it is never dull or obvious.,” A. O. Scott wrote in The Times in March.
There is still plenty of time for Mr. Trichet to revise his view before the April 7 policy meeting.
The realization that Justin was among the most severely impaired in the classroom set aside for children with autism in their new Florida school district was a blow to his mother, already battling depression.
“Thunder Soul” had its premiere at the 2010 South by Southwest Film Festival, where it won an audience award.
Inside the ship, whose homey décor had not been updated in a couple of decades, about 100 families, couples and groups of friends mostly kept to themselves, snacking on sweets packed for the trip.
Headlines proclaimed Lowell’s predictions confirmed.
One is about the bazooka, and one is about the most important woman in the world.
The U2 camp said their other commitments had been well known, and that Ms. Taymor resisted efforts to bring in outside help to clarify the plot and streamline the storytelling.
But TPG is exploring making a minority investment in Yahoo, working with the company’s co-founder, Jerry Yang , these people said.
“We can win two ballgames at home,” Roenicke said.
Mainly, like many in China, the Wangs save because they worry about soaring food prices and the high cost of health care, which the People’s Republic no longer fully provides.
He never had a long-term relationship, though, and lived alone for years.
Irish racing pundits speak respectfully of his riding skills, citing a coolness that belies his age.
The prosecutor’s office said Mr. Ravi, who remains free on $25,000 bail, would be arraigned in coming days, but no date had been set.
The closest Burress came to expressing his feelings was when he was asked how he felt playing for the other team in New York, after helping the Giants win a Super Bowl .
As always, it seems, the Spoleto Festival USA here, in its 35th-anniversary season, finds itself in significant transition.
And the question becomes what, if anything, will get the president to say no.
From noon to 5 p.m., Brooklyn Historical Society, 128 Pierrepont Street, at Clinton Street, Brooklyn Heights , (718) 222-4111, brooklynhistory.org ; free.
The indictment turns on the finer points of the laws for financing campaigns, and many legal experts, while deploring Mr. Edwards’s personal conduct, believe he may well win the legal point.
While we mourn your passing we rejoice and celebrate the wonderful life you have lived and the legacy you have left behind.
In Asia, asbestos has many uses, from roofing to cement to power plants.
Also off the foyer is a spacious living room, with designs typical of the architect: floor-to-ceiling French windows decorated with curlicued metal railings by the sculptor Fritz Kuehn, built-in cabinets, and herringbone oak floors.
He’s an Italian literary scholar and the founder of the Stanford Literary Lab , which opened last year, published its maiden pamphlet in January and followed up with another last month.
Statistics for 2009, the most recent available, show that 67,759 people died on the road in China, a 7.8 percent decline over the previous year.
It struck at the heart of Afghanistan’s south just as the American-led NATO command is in the process of gradually handing over security responsibility to the Afghan government after nearly 10 years of war, and it raised new alarms about the government’s capabilities when the foreign forces eventually leave.
They argued that Facebook had deceived them about the original value of the settlement, and the court roundly rejected their claims.
“The committee has not taken these allegations lightly.” Only after Mr. Martin completes this review will the committee decide if it will continue to investigate Ms.
The two-sided bar, lighted by crimped paper lanterns, divides the dining room from the eat-in lounge.
“I can’t say I’m disappointed we haven’t seen any specters,” said Mr. Eisenstein, 63, who works in the governor’s Office of Employee Relations.
Like a Lamborghini Aventador’s top speed, a GMC Sierra HD’s maximum tow rating (21,700 pounds) is more of a chest-thumping point than a practical consideration.
As an assistant with the New England Patriots, he had helped Tom Brady become one of the N.F.L.’s top quarterbacks, and he molded Brady Quinn into a first-round draft pick while at Notre Dame.
Bjorn’s birdie on the par-5 No.
If it weren't for constrained will, I'd be starting a second career at first base for the Houston Astros, and I would flap my arms and fly to intercept would-be home runs.
It faces a number of obstacles: it has no working court system that will pass international standards; it has the death penalty, which the international court does not; and the killing of Colonel Qaddafi last month at the hands of his captors may not inspire the judges with confidence.
As a designer, you have moments in your career that are really outstanding.
But a lively underground after-hours scene is moving to fill the void with an ever-changing menu of unlicensed dance clubs and pop-up speak-easies.
So is there any evidence that they have built relationships that they sustained beyond a single business interaction?
“It shows the incredible lift of this day,” said Mr. Cobb.
The more, the merrier, too — at least for older parents.
It was incurred the night before in a swimming-pool accident.
We need to chart a new course.
The winning proposal in Rome, titled “WHATAMI,” was created by the local firm stART and opened in June.
Apparently Mr. Fingerhut never met a record seeker he didn’t like.
SCHEAR--Catherine Klaus, 69, passed away at her home in Berkeley, California, with her family by her side.
Hellestrae snapped for the great 1990s Cowboys teams that rarely punted or needed a clutch field goal to win the game.
“I knew that that man, sooner or later, he will run this country into trouble.
What explicit policies should there be, if any?
There’s no downside to this because I get to see such amazing things.
Riffing on Rem Koolhaas’s iconic 1990s book “S, M, L, XL,” the exhibition focuses on projects that range in size from the micro to the massive, in a mix of built and speculative work.
Microneedling, in which tiny needles are rolled over the face and neck, is her preferred technique for fighting acne and surgery scars.
Advisers studied how New Orleans had evacuated residents for Hurricane Katrina , to avoid making any of the same mistakes.
When I sit down to work, I keep a small bowl of garlic croutons on my desk.
Seven uniformed police officers were there, standing guard outside the building.
Since August 2008, the developer has paid $33,000 per year in rent while the sides attempted to determine a fair valuation of the property.
But when Alabama’s leading scorer and rebounder, JaMychal Green, sat out for eight minutes after committing his fourth foul with 11 minutes to go, the Crimson Tide lost firepower.
When did bread become so complicated?
Underneath the vibrancy of South Korea’s young democracy runs an unease about what many consider deepening inequality — a problem the government recognized last year when it listed “building a fair society” among its top policy goals.
Pick: Chargers Bears (2-2) at Lions (4-0) Monday, 8:30 p.m. Line: Lions by 5.5.
MICHAEL J. de la MERCED TAKING A STAKE The British hedge fund manager Chris Hohn recently bought an $833 million stake in News Corporation, even as police investigations about the media company's illegal phone-hacking practices continue.
That’s all you want, is to get a chance to go after it, to go after the championship ring.
Seattle and its surrounding area is filled with passionate basketball fans and regularly produces top N.B.A.
Against all odds, the independent firm survived through the darkest days of the 1970s, hanging on to the ultimate symbol of longevity: its original location.
Gary Garcia said the family felt no resentment toward the university because there was a firm agreement in place and Stephen Garcia, 23, broke the deal that led to his reinstatement to the team in August after a previous offense.
TINKER, TAILOR, SOLDIER, SPY Opens on Friday in New York and Los Angeles.
Directed by Nuri Bilge Ceylan, it is both a detective film, about the search for a missing corpse, and a meditation on certain Big Ideas.
Having returned from a driving and camping vacation with my younger children, a 10-year-old and 6-year-old twins, I was reminded of one powerful antidote to the poisons of our modern world.
“Do your job!” he said to applause.
The film, directed by Marc Forster, is a muddled exercise in moral vanity, convincing neither as an inspirational tale nor as a revenge-fueled action picture.
Still, Olympus maintains that Mr. Woodford was fired because his aggressive, Western style of management was not a good match for the 92-year-old maker of endoscopes and cameras.
President Obama wants to retain Medicare as an entitlement in which the federal government pays for a defined set of medical services.
... Branden Jacobs-Jenkins has been named the winner of the Paula Vogel playwriting award, the Vineyard Theater said.
It just didn't sell well.
Loving Aunt of Richard, Paul, Cindy and David.
Mellon, Tamara The co-founder and chief creative officer of Jimmy Choo is leaving the company!
But on a recent afternoon, as Mr. Khade’s chauffeur guided his shimmering silver BMW sedan onto that same street in a village in the southern state of Maharashtra, village leaders rushed to greet him.
In 1985, Mikhail S. Gorbachev restricted vodka sales to get Russian workers back to the assembly line; because vodka taxes provided a full quarter of the entire Soviet budget, the result was a substantial drop in government revenues.
But I still like Mississippi’s old style uniforms.
A Twitter account belonging to NBC News was hacked on Friday evening by an entity that claimed, falsely, that an airplane had crashed at the site of ground zero in New York.
He won, I won, he won, I won.
generates -- when new network contracts are negotiated later this decade.
Favorable/Unfavorable Defense/Special Teams Matchups Favorable Oakland vs. DEN, Houston vs. CLE, San Francisco vs. WAS, Philadelphia vs. CHI, Kansas City vs. MIA Unfavorable Chicago vs. PHI, Giants vs. NE, San Diego vs. GB, Tampa Bay vs. NO, Seattle vs. DAL Do you have a “start or sit” question?
Tender rings of squid, stir-fried with red and green bell pepper squares, onion, garlic and curry leaves, was good; it would have been delicious had the dish been less oily.
But a number of scientists are worried about highly caffeinated beverages like Red Bull, Rockstar, Monster and Full Throttle, which are popular among teenagers and young adults.
What is more difficult to accomplish is a verisimilar rendering of the white characters.
I have now survived into old age, which has given me the chance to look back on my long life and to see clearly and appreciate both my good accomplishments that helped others and my sad mistakes, mistakes that hurt others.
I decided to pack up my box and bring it in.
The government, he adds, is looking closely at safety and usability.
An article on Saturday about Verizon's quarterly earnings misidentified the company executive who predicted a robust fourth quarter.
“It’s just great to have him on our team, just the way he runs a ball club, his positive energy,” he said.
Jerry Brown has decried since he campaigned for office last year, and it remained uncertain whether he would sign it.
“I prefer I move to the apartment, too,” his father, Briant, a pharmaceutical company executive, replied on hard days.
They said that since assuming power they had undertaken an evenhanded review of the previous government’s policies and spending and were trying to ensure that corrupt officials were punished.
A young, taciturn kid from Newark, Private Merced was the loader in my tank crew.
Senator Charles E. Schumer will be on Univision’s “Al Punto” to talk about the debt as well as immigration reform.
“There’s a simple elegance and power to having the rising generation present in our government,” Mr. Turley said.
While cleaning out her desk, I came across the pen and tucked it away as a keepsake.
Chan’s quest to complete the quad under great pressure and fulfill his potential has been a two-pronged effort: part technical, part mental.
The places I had passed through year after year — the exam rooms in the clinic, the waiting rooms outside the operating room, the hospital floors where patients amble with IV poles — were transformed to places where we would soon sit in terror.
I’m going to say, “No, I don’t want to buy it.” And when it makes people uncomfortable and they freeze, I think it says something about not being able to adapt under pressure.
In other words, to reduce oil imports by nearly half to 1982 levels — they amounted to 28 percent of total consumption then — might enrage conservatives, liberals, environmentalists and climate-change skeptics alike.
“Twenty-five percent of China’s reserves are in euros,” he said.
Six percent of college-educated women reported oral sex with a same-sex partner, compared with 13 percent who did not complete high school.
Louis Armstrong House Museum: Outdoor Jazz (Saturday and Thursday) Two outdoor jazz shows celebrating the music of Louis Armstrong are planned this week.
“Despite this, I will go to the polling station to cast my vote.”
Some of the victims were taken from the site by helicopter, three of which had arrived.
At time the Fed was gathering the data, a rumor started in markets that the Fed was worried about two Spanish banks.
All the Deputies interrogated yesterday [July 8] by a Herald correspondent expressed themselves as clearly favorable to the scheme.
As the ninth-born child, she saw her father’s rising success on committees in Washington, but said he was especially proud of his work in his own district.
If lacking insider connections, try being polite and offering a Slovenian model or four.
June 18 at 8 p.m. $45 and $55.
Open shoes aren’t going to cut it, so I go with taupe beaten-up cowboy boots.
“If a Benghazi-style massacre is threatened, we would have to consider a humanitarian intervention under the same principle,” said Martin S. Indyk, Brookings Institution’s director of foreign policy.
For Haney, who continues to return to the farm to feed the animals every evening, the benzene and toluene levels remain higher.
As for duality, the drink had discernible layers: the top white one and, below it, a well of dark red.
Pending final approval by the European consortium, the billion-dollar telescope could begin operating early in the next decade.
drugs cost about $1 million per QALY, with Copaxone costing $2 million per QALY.
“Hello Sadness” (Arts & Crafts) The pleasure of Los Campesinos!
Krusoe deploys such bizarrerie as a means of psychological and moral inquiry, and as the strangenesses of “Toward You” develop, it becomes clear that Bob the Human is a character far deeper (and far worse) than the moral and mild-mannered failure we initially suspect him to be.
Mr. Cooper, who bought two more units, is now the board president of the 181-183 DeKalb Owners Corporation.
As part of the bankruptcy process, the archdiocese filed an account of its assets and liabilities.
He signed on as manager again about a month before Jackson died of an overdose of sedatives on June 25 that year; at the U.C.L.A.
Mr. Kadhum, the Sadrist lawmaker, said there was no warrant for the cleric’s arrest.
He said data on the causes of brain trauma was insufficient to warrant stiffer penalties for fighting.
But past that, there were churches, dental offices, fishing-tackle shops and even pet stores — as if you’d want to buy a dog at midnight , from a store that’s closed.
Perhaps they all went to Penn State’s school of failed public relations tactics.
Items for the calendar should be sent at least three weeks in advance to westweek@nytimes.com .
We may even try to prod them a little bit.
[laughs] It’s unforgiving, that suit.
In September, the governor called lawmakers back for the current special session.
Brian Burke of Advanced NFL Stats said Smith had played the percentages correctly based on Win Probability: ''The go-for-it option is worth, on net, a 0.47 W.P.
“I have one of the messiest stores in downtown, I don’t care,” he said.
Foundem was singled out by “The Gadget Show,” a popular program on Channel 5 in Britain, as “the U.K.’s best price comparison site” in 2008.
One resident who delights in the outdoor space is Kelli Singleton, who moved here in 2001, spending $230,000 on a four-bedroom Cape.
He spent more than a minute arguing with the chair umpire, who had instructed him to replay the point.
The love of our lives.
You shouldn’t be walking on a hot day like this.” Who knew cabdrivers were so attentive and caring?
He set the goal of 92 wins in 2010, and the club got to 90 wins.
Mr. Ullman’s colleagues at the Carlyle Group are also supportive of his melodious hobby.
And looming over all of this are the negotiations Condon will conduct for a new contract for Peyton Manning, which will make him the highest-paid player in the game.
But over all, Dr. Stein said, the risks have increased.
“Circles,” his first novel, about “sex, status, and professional aggressiveness in the Abstract Expressionist set in New York and East Hampton,” as The New Yorker described it, was published in early 1962, and the next year he left the real estate business to become a full-time writer.
She once lost 29 pounds in 40 hours of swimming.
West had a difficult lead.
“If the contact has anything to add to the investigation, we are certainly following up those investigative leads, and it really is the incidents that that are important to us, but we certainly don’t want to have any indication that we are not interested in hearing from people who do not have firsthand knowledge.” Al Baker, police bureau chief for The New York Times — and the son of a police lieutenant — brings you inside the nation’s largest police force every Thursday.
Gene Marks owns the Marks Group , a Bala Cynwyd, Pa., consulting firm that helps clients with customer relationship management.
Texas law gives districts broad authority in deciding what fees to charge students.
But the beating of the dean and similar episodes in recent months represent a growing problem that this weary nation has been forced to confront: rampant diploma fraud.
Political analysts suggested that Russia’s Syria resolution also was driven in part by fears that it is losing any ability to shape the outcomes of the Arab Spring uprisings.
($15, Walter Reade Theater, Lincoln Center; 212-721-6500, mostlymozart.org .)
If critics can fulfill this single function, if they can carry the mundane everyday business of literary criticism to the level of art, then they can be ambitious and brash; they can connect books to larger currents in the culture; they can identify movements and waves in fiction; they can provoke discussion; they can carry books back into the middle of conversations at dinner parties.
She also said that though high real estate prices make it clear there is a new bubble in Silicon Valley, no one can really predict how long it will take before it pops.
“It’s becoming a huge problem for them.
The indirect chilling effect on free speech, association rights and religious freedom was impossible to measure.
Though they take pride in their labor and the grit it requires — and though the company they work for is reputed to have good working conditions, compared with some of its local competitors — these men endure deprivations that will be shocking to some Western viewers.
Later, when her own daughters came of age, she passed along some interesting advice: “Protect your children and the benefits you have from my being half white,” she told them.
“I went into it not being impressed with Newt, but he surprised me,” he said of former Speaker Newt Gingrich.
“Modules” supported by the Fondation Pierre Bergé-Yves Saint Laurent regularly present newcomers.
That set off a round of e-mails from board members and publicists to party reporters stating that “Jill Zarin is not part of the program in any way.” Everyone had an agenda, not least of all Ms. de Lesseps’s publicist.
Mr. Abbasi was appointed to his current job in February, but before that he was well known to American, European and Israeli intelligence agencies.
It would be a waste for them to push back only against corporate enemies and put forward no political heroes.
Glenn Murray headed in the decisive goal after 98 minutes.
He’s their chief, their leader, everything to them.
Tension on money markets, which some analysts said was overblown, awoke unpleasant memories of the seizure in interbank lending that came after the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008.
For the first nine months of this year, 11 of the chairmen or ranking members were more likely than other members of their party to vote in an industry friendly way, while nine others were not, the study showed.
Cracker Barrel Old Country Store is the latest public company to come under siege by a one-man activist force.
How did a system that was once trumpeted as a huge victory for the owners become so burdensome?
In addition, Mr. Oreshkin said, “it is money that is emigrating,” as entrepreneurs hedge their bets on the future and take advantage of the transparency of business operations in the West.
DV.load('//www.documentcloud.org/documents/260190-tladlabs.js', { width: 500, height: 400, sidebar: false, pdf: false, container: "#DV-viewer-260190-tladlabs" }); The Office Visit: Three weeks after they spoke on the phone, the patient arrived in Dr. Podell’s office in Middlebury, Conn., with her mother and sister.
But Mr. Caro said he enjoyed himself nonetheless.
The City Room blog reports that the Metropolitan Transportation Authority released renderings Tuesday of the Apple store that is scheduled to open in Grand Central Terminal soon.
“I rather like it melting in.” Messel’s romantic disposition might well have been a handicap, at odds with the century’s intellectual and visual rigor, were it not for the fact that he had the good fortune to live and work during not one but two postwar eras, when the mood was escapist.
Wednesdays through Fridays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, noon to 4 p.m. Diane Birdsall Gallery, 10 Lyme Street.
If the police raid your hotel and find needles and injectable products, you’ll be in big, big trouble.” Riders now cannot inject substances like recovery-boosting vitamins, sugars, enzymes and amino acids.
Mr. Hayat was reportedly a member of Jamaah Ansharut Tauhid, a group founded by the radical cleric Abu Bakar Bashir .
Shredder wants to see you, kid, and bring your playbook.
But as the Jets begin to hold their first full practices this week, getting players to embrace the changes may take time.
There was altogether too much of him.
They view the commission as a largely token effort because those responsible for abuses committed during military rule remain shielded from prosecution by a 1979 amnesty law.
LOCATION About a mile south of downtown Palm Springs, the Desert Riviera may be on busy Palm Canyon Drive, but the quiet property is secluded behind tall hedges, the only indication of lodgings a small retro sign out front.
The Iran report said she was trying to enter Iran without a visa.
“The days of Turkey’s military calling the shots are over,” said Cengiz Candar, a prominent columnist.
The partnership will focus on aligning NBC’s African-American news site, TheGrio.com, and Interactive One’s news Web site, NewsOne.com.
''It's thrilling to feel the global reach of Newsweek, because there are very few brands left that have that kind of traction,'' Tina Brown tells The New York Times Magazine, which explores her ''queasy mystique'' in a profile.
“We got together to talk about Friday’s vote as we have many, many times and said, ‘Where are you on this?’ ” Mr. Duncan said.
But in the end, they’ll have a hard time clinching a spot.
It reported a 60 percent market for zinc, 50 percent for copper, 45 percent for lead, 38 percent for alumina and 24 percent each for coal and barley.
The chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, Fred Upton, Republican of Michigan , asked in an opening statement, “What did Secretary Chu know about the situation at Solyndra, and when did he know it, and how did he act on this information, if at all?” The form of the question mirrors what was asked 35 years ago about President Richard Nixon ’s involvement in the Watergate break-in.
At some point, officers tried for unknown reasons to stop the vehicle, but the driver refused, and an officer fired five shots at the car, striking one of its occupants in the shoulder, the authorities said.
This session, advocates say they have a big plus in their column: the state’s giant budget crunch.
Who wrote ''Battle Hymnof the Tiger Mother''?60.
He must fill out a ream of papers and answer many questions.
What does this decision mean for potential applicants, both female and male?
He sparred with them over their interpretation of the Koran.
The plain, almost austerely simple dial features just the word Reverso, without the usual Jaeger-LeCoultre logo, an elegant nod to the original design.
“But maybe nothing would be expected of this weirdo.” As a portrait of a young man doing his best to make a hash of his parents’ best-laid plans, “The Man in the Gray Flannel Skirt” is a story of relentless self-doubt and the endlessly sliding sideways through odd jobs, with the author losing himself in fleeting obsessions, like body building or collecting serial-killer cards.
“Were we doing a documentary?” Mr. Prupas said.
consultant whom Tyson met in jail, although Tyson is at pains to point out that Farid was never a criminal type, just a geek trying to make some extra money on the sly.
“Ten years have passed since the perfect blue sky turned into black of night,” he said.
Below the flight deck, where North Carolina and Michigan State kicked off their respective seasons Friday, lay bombs and missiles, lest anyone forget the carrier’s normal purpose.
Yet this humane, expansive inquiry founders in “1Q84.” The title alludes to George Orwell’s “1984” (and plays with words: the English “Q” and the Japanese “9” are homophones), and the Little People represent a modernized Big Brother.
Among the items seized when the police arrested six members of the group was a laptop containing video showing Mr. Syarif being trained for a terrorist attack, the police said.
He is associate director of the Maguire Energy Institute at Cox School of Business, Southern Methodist University.
Despite their wounds, he said, both were able to walk back into the Universal Resort banquet hall on Church Avenue, the site of the party.
They have a sphere within which they can make decisions as opposed to a committee-based or team-based approach where there’s a bunch of people who kind of share the decision.
Loops have been installed at the ticket windows of Yankee Stadium and Citi Field , at the Apple store in SoHo and at exhibits and information kiosks at Ellis Island, the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the American Museum of Natural History .
Renowned in his day — revered by Haydn and Mozart, and an influence on Beethoven — he has since been overshadowed by his father and his younger brother, Johann Christian, and even, for some listeners, by the fictional P. D. Q. Bach.
If a measure were able to win significant bipartisan endorsement in the Senate, the reception in the House could be different with the Treasury Department’s deadline for increasing the debt limit imminent.
And although his track record is not extraordinarily moderate overall, he is an old-fashioned deal-maker who sometimes makes exceptions on the most important votes.
The bird was discovered in the 1970s by Dr. Longrich’s co-author, Storrs L. Olson, a scientist at the Smithsonian Institution, who even then was puzzled by its strange wings.
They ended up in a filthy, dilapidated hotel in Herald Square.
Meanwhile, as readers of The Choice are well aware, tuition at all types of institutions has increased in recent years.
Mr. Crowley’s editor asked him to photograph the stately obelisk while engineers checked for problems resulting from the earthquake.
“We’ve been together for five years now and this came late to me,” Mr. Frank said, “but it’s all the more cherished.” His penchant for petulance was on display at times Monday; at his news conference, he dismissed what he called a “gotcha” question from a reporter about his personal investments and, upon learning she worked for Fox News, said, “Quelle surprise.” He also said he looked forward to leaving office so that “I don’t even have to pretend to try to be nice to people I don’t like,” leading another reporter to ask, “Have you ever?” “Some of you may not think I’ve been good at it,” Mr. Frank said.
To make up for the shortfall, power companies around Japan have increased their purchases of natural gas.
The Dave Keyes Band, blues.
This is not to suggest that abstract works were unsuccessful.
Tuesday at 7 p.m., Wednesday at 7:30 p.m., Thursday at 2 and 7:30 p.m., at City Center, 131 West 55th Street, Manhattan, (212) 581-1212, nycitycenter.org ; $25 to $135 (Roslyn Sulcas) ★ Nina Ananiashvili (Saturday) The great ballerina, who directs the State Ballet of Georgia, brings 13 dancers from that company on a small tour that includes a stop in Manhattan on Saturday.
It was very cold, but the view was worth it: the Kremlin looked amazing, the moon was beautiful and there were couples walking hand in hand.
Mark Mothersbaugh’s updating of the classic Vince Guaraldi music should please them, too.
Dec. 2, 3 and 4.
They were recognized by visitors and security agents, who took photographs, shook hands, asked for autographs.
Written and directed by Siddique; director of photography, Sejal Shah; edited by Sanjay Sankla; music by Sandeep Shirodkar; art direction by Shailesh Mahadik and Angelica Monica Bhowmick; costumes by Alvira Agnihotri, Ashley Rebello and Manish Malhotra; produced by Alvira Agnihotri and Atul Agnihotri; released by Reliance Big Pictures.
EDWIN SPEAKS UP By April Stevens.
At the rear of the downtown apartment that she shares with her daughter, Antonia, 11, is a cherished photograph of her late father, Prince Egon Von Furstenberg, flashing an engaging gap-toothed smile that is uncannily like Ms.
“We’re going to be going through some tough fiscal positions back home,” he added, reflecting awareness of some Asian nations’ concern that budget-cutting could reduce the United States’ ability to be a military counterweight to China.
Corporate lobbyists defeated this idea last time — because executives wanted federal money even if they were not hiring — but that’s just self-interest.
Because the landesbanks are typically owned by state governments and local thrift institutions, German taxpayers would ultimately bear much of the financial burden.
In February 2010 that painting was sold at Sotheby’s in London for $43.2 million.
After his comments about schools incensed several political leaders, the issue quickly and quietly died down, in part because Sheriff Dupnik did not repeat his remarks.
The protests across Iraq on Friday, which has lately become a day for protest as well as prayer across the Middle East, appeared to eclipse, at least in sheer size, the large demonstration last month that was billed as a “Day of Rage.” The protests in Iraq on Friday were largely peaceful.
In the speech, Mr. Perry sought to present himself as a consummate Washington outsider.
When China joined the World Trade Organization in 2002, however, many feared that Vietnam and indeed much of Southeast Asia's days as a favored destination for foreign manufacturing investment were over.
Chinese bidders sent the pair climbing to an incomprehensible $2.77 million.
There are also growing concerns that the Chinese banking system may be at risk because many local governments have amassed huge debts over the past three years by using undeveloped land as collateral.
She is the director of talent management at NERA Economic Consulting in New York.
Bradley has taken over, beginning the transition process Wednesday night after Rodney A. Erickson, the acting president, called to offer him the position on an interim basis.
KEENS STEAKHOUSE 72 West 36th Street, Manhattan; (212) 947-3636, keens.com .
Financial markets rallied on the news.
The mothers were also more likely to be overweight than other women their age, but researchers said that may have been because many had recently given birth.
Avery, as is his style, will not go quietly.
Many of these clubs charge not by the game but by the hour, which is usually far more expensive.
The Gators came back and won the national championship by beating the Seminoles, 52-20, in the Sugar Bowl.
Ms. Meiselas organized a show for the Asia Society, called Mined in China, that opened in Houston in 2008.
The weather is beautiful, the skiing is fantastic; it’s paradise, just unbelievable.” Snowbird has its large tram and two lifts operating, offering access to every run on the mountain.
“Colors overlap or forms overlap as a representation of that mixing of different cultures or different times.” The decision to devote shirts to specific boroughs, Mr. Wong said, followed a trend and fit the city’s mission to promote tourism beyond Manhattan.
About five years ago, they began hunting nearby for a bigger place to buy — maybe even a house.
“My mind-set has been that we’re not going to change the unions; their purpose is just to protect their members and that’s it,” Ms. Rhee said.
We also commend our British, French, and other allies, as well as our Arab partners, especially Qatar and the U.A.E., for their leadership in this conflict.
Crystals of fool’s gold, an iron-sulfur mineral, lie next to the microfossils and indicate that the organisms, in the absence of oxygen, fed off sulfur compounds, Dr. Brasier and his colleagues say.
Asked about the play at this year’s tournament of Serena Williams, who has lost 23 games en route to the semifinals, Graf said, “To me she is the clear favorite.
To have any prayer of playing for the national title next month, Stanford, ranked sixth in the B.C.S., needed Auburn to upset Alabama and Oregon State to upend Oregon, a result that would have propelled the Cardinal into the Pacific-12 title game as the North Division champion.
And consider this: How can Agudelo be deemed good enough to start of the U.S. national team, but not good enough to start for his club team.
But collaging them together doesn’t yield much that is evocative.
“But I think you’re good for another 100,000 miles,” a line he used countless times that day.
Some clients may not want to renew unless the team promises to be more appealing than it has been the last few years.
target, although average mileage would still improve significantly from today’s levels.” Naturally, the E.P.A.-haters hate the deal.
Haren (4-0) joined his teammate Jered Weaver as the only four-game winners in the majors.
For, despite the pleas of disappointed customers, Mussard has no plans to reproduce the rabbit, or indeed the other animals in the Petit h menagerie, which include a panda, a fawn and an enormous camel in crocodile.
The bloodless, Portuguese version is practiced there.
Resisting the temptation to get out during that period was the cost of earning the 8.35 percent.
That sounded like a great idea for a character, Shapiro thought, so he contacted his friend Evan Wiener about collaborating on a script.
That means several of the candidates will get a chance for questions before Mr. Romney or Mr. Perry, who will come near the end.
The 11th Circuit did rule against Florida and the other states on one of their other central arguments, rejecting a challenge to the law’s expansion of the Medicaid program.
Individual stories of injustice will always be affecting, but it may not be possible to capture the impersonal causes of today’s most severe and pervasive inequalities with a personal narrative.
The bravest, most fearless songwriter of them all is still alive and his name is John Prine .
At least the Redskins had the former Gen. Colin Powell as their honorary captain, as part of the pregame tribute to the Sept. 11 victims.
Her notebook of equations, along with newly exhumed letters and a book of poetry, become a matter of rapt speculation by Hannah and Bernard and by Valentine Coverly (Raúl Esparza), Thomasina’s latter-day relative and a mathematical whiz himself.
In Sergeant Shalit’s home village of Mitzpeh Hilla in northern Israel, the mood was ecstatic when his mother, Aviva, and father, Noam, arrived there from Jerusalem, where they had spent much of their time in a tent publicizing their son’s plight.
You win some, you lose some, it’s the circle of life, hakuna matata and so on.
''We know that paracetamol is used much more widely than that -- when a child is a bit irritable or teething or having an immunization.''
Still, he said, he understood the reasons, “because people were putting up bad things about Libya , like ‘Qaddafi kills people,’ and, on the other side, to cut the communication between these people.” By nightfall, the rumored rebel attack in the capital had failed to materialize.
It is tempting to say this is knowledge learned of experience.
“We invest in kids,” Mr. Rodriguez said.
First, if you repair to the bar, it might pay to ask for menus so you can get some idea of what you might want to order when you are seated.
Questions about repairs or redecorating done in preparation for putting a home on the market may be sent to marketready@nytimes.com .
THE JUNGLE, by Clive Cussler and Jack Du Brul.
Brokers: Susan E. Goldy; Prudential Douglas Elliman.
“I’ll get you a proper friend,” her brother declares, as he holds her “in the darkness, as defiant as granite.” The new friend Joe finds for his sister turns out to be a Belgian hare, a pet she names “God,” who sometimes talks to her.
The study provides some interesting insight into how cortical excitability may be related to conscious awareness.”
Say: “The flickering lights of your phone are bothering my eyes.
He sponsored a child through World Vision on a monthly basis for more than 10 years.
In 2008, a team of marine archeologists from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s Office of National Marine Sanctuaries set their sights on investigating several other wrecks, including a British whaling ship called the Gledstanes, which sank in the remote Kure Atoll in 1837, and the Churchill, which went down carrying a load of coconut meat in the French Frigate Shoals in 1917.
But you can find inauthentic Chinese cuisine everywhere in China.
The Onion Weighs In Not many American policymakers would disagree that the United States’ growing indebtedness to China, which has financed American spending through its purchases of Treasury bonds , is an issue of concern.
When the casket was opened upon arrival, the son was stricken and perished as well.
She should support an all-out effort by the European Central Bank to buy bonds and lower interest rates.
By age 14, she had risen to be an international player for American Samoa.
I wound up with 200 artifacts, more than twice as many as the Bullock typically allows for special exhibitions, including ancient leather helmets, the first University Interscholastic League state championship trophy, Marty Akins’s kicking shoe, and the Westlake Chaparrals jersey of Akins’s nephew Drew Brees, who reached the pinnacle of football achievement 14 years after taking Westlake to the state title when he led the New Orleans Saints to a Super Bowl championship and was named the game’s Most Valuable Player.
What we should do is act on a timely basis to pass Congressional authorization under the War Powers Act.” He said, however, that he would not support cutting off financing for the operations.
A tarot card reader once told me that my mother had done something she felt inexplicably compelled to do.
Newton is a much better athlete than Tebow, but the Panthers have constructed an offense to take advantage of his ability to run.
''Residue'' shows videos of past works, costumes and sets, and has as its centerpiece a tea house structure made from materials -- canvas, feathers, sweet rice, sea salt -- used in their recent ''Naked,'' a brilliant evocation of life and death, animal and human, the natural world and the artificial one that is art.
But if the referendum passes and the south breaks off from the north, the disputed border will become the next issue to resolve, and some fear that the specter of an all-out border war is rising.
But not Ms. Mengers, who was always urging her guests to stay put for one more cigarette, one more drink.
The National Enquirer couldn’t be found in the magazine rack near her, but there was Permaculture Activist .
That’s because the law repealing the ban that President Obama signed last December did not expressly order the Pentagon to allow openly gay or lesbian troops in the armed forces.
People cut their own deals, and it’s every man for himself.
“I think we all need to work together on this.” As well as going into unstable regions, the I.F.C.
Plainview-Old Bethpage John F. Kennedy High School, 50 Kennedy Drive.
The number of licensed city cabbies has risen by 10 percent since the stock market began its decline in late 2007, according to the Taxi and Limousine Commission .
But she didn’t want to end up like her sister, so she didn’t take out student loans.
But even as the disclosure of Mr. Chávez’s vulnerability obsessed the nation in recent days, here he was on Venezuelan soil again, gingerly descending the stairway of his Airbus, dressed athletically in a track suit, taking the reins of the political debate.
He wrote virtually all of the first season and the entire 11½ hours of the second.
Roy Spencer has posted a piece titled “ More Thoughts on the War Being Waged Against Us .”
She worked with him in his theatrical endeavors, was vice-president and art director of the advertising firm bearing his name and helped edit his several books and numerous publications.
Yahoo said Garza paid a third party the money for Seastrunk and his mother to make the trip in July 2009 using a MoneyGram, even providing the receipt.
Other self-identified Anonymous hackers say they will eventually undermine the country’s drug cartels by exposing corrupt officials, but that threats from the Zetas, along with the friend’s release, have pushed them to declare that the current project — OpCartel — is dead.
A black velvet dress that started out in 1957 with a bustier top, a columnar skirt and a crystal orchid at the hip had by 1988 acquired shoulder straps, a bias-cut skirt and a chandelier where the orchid had been.
She will be sorely missed for her love of ideas, humor, irreverence, and generosity.
But it’s a mess with panache, partly bestowed by Hanae Mori’s sometimes dazzling, sometimes gaudy costumes, partly by Petrika Ionesco’s literally larger-than-life décor, and partly by the sheer number of dancers constantly sweeping across the stage like those endless mirrored chorus lines in Hollywood musicals.
This means the time is ripe for talks, negotiations and hearsay regarding the off-season’s biggest moves.
The system was perfected by Colombian drug lords and later adopted by Mexican drug cartels: When drugs are sold in the United States, the proceeds, in American dollars, are smuggled back into Mexico or Colombia, where they are exchanged for pesos at a discounted rate.
It added that the Cloyne Report was “disheartening confirmation that even today, despite the church’s knowledge of the profound anguish of thousands of victims, its reform policies are public relations ploys, not true child protection programs.” Irish police officials said they would see whether further action could be taken against priests identified in the new report.
Nova and Fister and are broadly similar pitchers.
The discussion will field questions from callers as well as members of a live studio audience at SiriusXM’s studios in New York.
“I am obsessed with real estate,” she said.
Some fitness seekers have been trying an à la carte approach, taking specialized pay-as-you-go classes like those offered by the stationary-cycling competitors Flywheel Sports and SoulCycle , or Core Fusion at the Exhale Spa , rather than committing to a gym membership.
James Baldwin stayed with the family in Roxbury, Conn., while writing “Another Country.” Alexandra — called “Albert” by her father — remembers Frank Sinatra “lathering up” in the outdoor shower at their summer retreat on Martha’s Vineyard.
Since he began building his media empire in Britain 40 years ago, Mr. Murdoch, who was born in Australia, has been a figure of towering political importance, credited by many British politicians with the power to make and unmake governments as well as influence government policies that affect the fortunes of his newspaper and television interests.
The course had a catchy name, she recalled: “Jungle Gym Math.” “It had some geometry, some algebra,” Brandi said.
Training institutes like the Relay Graduate School of Education are a Band-Aid solution, and it is a horrible injustice to underserved children that their teachers will lack the gravitas that an educator deserves.
By mid-2012, it plans to buy about $116 billion worth of Treasury securities maturing in 20 to 30 years’ time.
People with Type 1 diabetes, on the other hand, may have difficulty keeping enough weight on their bones.
This process of learning and understanding the hard steps of decision-making is an experience that will continue throughout a lifetime.
That in itself is no surprise; each of us is home to some 100 trillion microbes.
I prayed on my knees every night that my parents would not get divorced.
In this light, here are three thoughts about constructive steps we might take now: SEAMLESS ENROLLMENT The first step is not really a substitute for mandates, but rather a supplement to whatever system we adopt, including the law as now written.
Still, “Balzac’s Omelette” is worth nibbling on, as prelude or accompaniment to the pièce de résistance, “The Human Comedy.”
He estimated that Dr. Dansgaard accelerated ice-core study by 10 years.
At 4:49 a.m., the Atlantis fired its maneuvering engines to slow down and begin its fall back into Earth’s atmosphere.
A telephone call to a toll-free number on the Web site for My School, My Choice was returned by Mark Weaver, a Columbus lawyer and political consultant with Republican ties dating back to the Reagan administration.
‘Celebrity Autobiography: The Next Chapter’ Celebrities read selections of the witless wisdom culled from the tell-all tomes of the rich and famous.
Nearly all are charged with emotion, as the soldiers work to express and control a complex sequence of feelings that run from joy to defiance.
Presidential elections are different: they tend to have a more equivocal turnout.
The correspondence was relentless till March 2, 1954, when it staggered to an end.
Fears of a global economic slowdown are also hurting trade, weighing on the Japanese economy.
The spokeswoman, Alisa Finelli, declined to say how many people the government had assigned to that task.
The MEK’s point of view on this was an essential, but missing, element in a story that so thoroughly reported on the ambassador’s perspective.
Since their legal woes, the Milken brothers have become prominent philanthropists, donating hundreds of millions of dollars to a variety of causes, most notably in the areas of medical research and education.
Oil at close to $100 a barrel is injecting inflation into the world economy.
French officials want to combine the Crédit Local de France unit, a major lender to French towns, with the French postal savings bank and a government-controlled lender, Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations.
Our new next-door neighbor asked him to do this on weekdays, during business hours, because the noise bothers him on Sundays.
The members of the National Academy of Sciences are not alone.
The mental part was positive tonight.
About 400 people have volunteered, including a singer, a cook and an 82-year-old man.
Using radioimmunoassay, she determined that people with Type 2 diabetes produced more insulin than non-diabetics, providing early evidence that an inability to use insulin caused diabetes.
He had planned to buy a laptop for his studies, but the purchase had to be postponed.
Although it is the leader in social networks for professionals and is attracting users at a healthy clip, it also faces competition from other online services, like Monster and CareerBuilder.
Today, Zillow estimates the home’s value at $505,000.
While seeding funds have been around for the better part of two decades, they are staging a recovery as more prospective fund managers spill into the market but struggle to attract investors.
We pay for the garbage dumpsters; the banks don’t.”
is sending feelers to A-10 members and others, a different college official said that the Atlantic 10 had expressed informal interest in adding C.A.A.
Hamas quickly called for its members to capture more Israeli soldiers in order to free the remaining 5,000 or so Palestinian prisoners in Israel.
“I can help in two ways, so I’m doing them both,” he said.
Why is this the most important issue to you?
He closed the program with a live-wire reading of Beethoven’s “Hammerklavier” Sonata (Op.
His daughter Joey Morgan confirmed his death.
But her landlord, John Boubaris, said that twice in the last year she had asked him to change the locks to keep Mr. Pierre out.
I had a number of theories about the emerging, Kate Middleton-triggered “new formality”; the rights and wrongs of Samantha Cameron’s bareheadedness in the Abbey; the Philip Treacy beige octopus on Princess Beatrice’s forehead; Pippa’s bottom; Carole Middleton’s hosiery standards; and (oh, the agony!)
During the 1950s and early 1960s, her mother traveled by ocean liner to Europe and often returned with dolls and makeup.
Evelyn was a dynamic and gracious woman and a visionary philanthropist.
Here are some ideas -- frequently discussed, but sadly not yet implemented -- that would make the growing, preparation and consumption of food healthier, saner, more productive, less damaging and more enduring.
Go-Go showed up, doing something disturbing, and Tim Sr. blew his top.
A taste for the contemporary has also seeped into the city’s hotels, most notably at the W ( wistanbul.com.tr ), which has furnishings by Derin, and in the House Hotel chainlet ( thehousehotel.com ), whose latest property on the Bosporus mixes pre-Republic architecture with Autoban’s midcentury-esque furnishings.
And now, superbly served by players who know what makes him tick, he can’t stop hitting hat tricks.
Mr. Seminerio pleaded guilty to fraud in an earlier case.
Last week, leaders of the 37-million-member group issued a vague half-denial after news accounts reported that they were prepared to accept cutbacks in Social Security benefits.
Now, with Mr. Mubarak gone, Copts fear that an elected Muslim majority is likely to prove far less tolerant than a military dictatorship.
Mr. Tantawi “is betting on the ‘silent majority,’ ” he added.
Even if they do, legal experts said, the league will point to the rule changes it made to outlaw spearing and other dangerous practices involving helmets, and the millions of dollars it has spent over the years to study head trauma.
The text is just the beginning, an anchor for pictures that glow and unfold, characters who talk and tumble, words that pronounce themselves and music that enlivens everything.
A seaside casino resort developed by a Hong Kong company chauffeurs Chinese officials and businesspeople from the nearby border in a red Humvee.
“This is just a polar bear, a special polar bear, but a polar bear all the same,” he said.
“Many people are not happy about this,” said Aida Gamolo, who helped organize the procession.
The only other sign of agriculture was a ragged scarecrow on a pole.
During his long rule, Colonel Qaddafi granted foreigners drilling rights on small patches of fields and made them sign agreements that gave the regime most of the profits and left them with most of the bills.
The first 10 farmers spent the night in line.
On the play in which he hurt his hand: “It was on the pass to (WR) Jeremy (Maclin).
That's where my focus is.''
The planes carried weapons destined for the group, the statement said, without specifying who had sent them.
The heady bacchanal is choreographed with erotic flair by Georgina Lamb, with the guests cavorting in gold death’s-head masks as the drums beat insistently.
They declined to provide further details.
But the relatively smaller aspects of the N.B.A.’s current offer should not go unnoticed.
Incorporating carefully rendered art postcards, children’s drawings and personal memorabilia; a formidable worktable laid out with printmaking tools and outdoor views; and the artist and his family, it synthesizes portrait, still life, interior and landscape and rummages through visual culture while sampling a dazzling range of textures and representational styles.
Snee said he had not enjoyed answering questions before the game about the Super Bowl rematch, because to him it was not a rematch.
Theater Steven McElroy A slew of first previews and opening nights on Broadway are coming this month, and more than a few of the shows are large, big-budget affairs.
They are making the drive to Altus — and they usually like what they see.
on Monday, beating Neftyanik Almetyevsk, 5-1.
case was one of 11 that the court accepted on Monday for its next term.
The more immediate concern is with D’Antoni’s assistants, all of whom have contracts that expire June 30.
He will be greatly missed by the many colleagues, friends in his personnel life and in the field of lead acid batteries, in which he is universally respected.
March 6 at 3 p.m. $5 to $25.
In other words, high costs do have consequences.
Gamekeeper Mellors tutors his lady: “But [the word I can’t use]’s a lot more than that.
“While available records do not provide the details of his work at Fort Totten, Beer’s rank and duty assignment indicate that he would have held a central position in the fort’s daily operations,” Mr. Thomsen added.
She posted a message on her Twitter account: “My 1st Congress on Your Corner starts now.” Ms. Giffords walked over to the sidewalk in front of the Safeway, where an American flag and an Arizona flag marked the area where she was to stand as she spoke one on one with constituents for the next 90 minutes.
Israeli leaders maintained a tense silence on Tuesday over reports that two Iranian Navy ships had passed through the Suez Canal and entered the Mediterranean en route to Syria, a move described by officials here as a provocation.
Now he’s smart enough to let others stay up late and carry on, “although these days all they have to do to shock people is light up a cigarette,” he said.
Mr. Mirvish, who brought blockbusters like “The Lion King” and “Les Misérables” to his Toronto theaters, said in a e-mailed statement on Friday: “Based on my experience, Ann Freedman has never sold a work of art that she did not believe to be authentic.
“We’re going to pay and we got no money, O.K.
The message, the official added, was more to tell the ratings agencies that there was “no ground to downgrade France, but if a downgrade does happen, there are other countries that should be in the same spot.” That did little to placate Britain’s political establishment.
Even without any access to reliable airspeed data, “the situation was salvageable,” Jean-Paul Troadec, the director of the Bureau of Investigations, told reporters on Friday.
On Wednesday, the top stock market indexes in Europe fell after three consecutive sessions of gains.
Insurers can’t arbitrarily raise rates” after a string of destructive storms, said Loretta Worters, a spokeswoman for the Insurance Information Institute.
Parliament Square became his home.
“You could have a play that sets a record, a play that decides a game.” Introduced on satellite by DirecTV in 2005, then added to cable via NFL Network in 2009, the red zone concept has built an army of fanatical viewers.
We want to sell you software.” And Mr. Hu indicated that he was happy to oblige.
It is assumed that all blacks are believers; therefore, blacks admitting to be atheist are almost nonexistent.
“What we found in the D.R.
They know that is how people see them.
But due to the programming error, employees will be responsible for paying the taxes for both years in 2011.
The bridegroom, 35, is a pilot at Nellis Air Force Base in Las Vegas, where he conducts tests for the A-10 Warthog.
Nadal won 13 of those points, but to come forward so few times displayed a major flaw in his strategy, especially since it provided him with his best winning percentage of any tactic for the match.
The human rights workers were told to lie on the floor and the chips were removed from the telephones, someone present in the building said, speaking on condition of anonymity for fear of retribution.
Consultants at McKinsey & Company floated the suggestion as part of their controversial report on employer views of health insurance.
“What the producers want is to see their milk contracts extended,” he said, adding that General Mills had satisfied that demand.
Strategy 2: TLC for PDFs You can limit contact with your printer by becoming more familiar with PDFs, the popular electronic-document format.
Protesters are seen caught up in the shelling, as billowing smoke envelops the city.
3., 6., 18. and 21.
Eight owed the Fed money on the day they failed, including Washington Mutual, the largest failed bank in American history.
With the largest share of the vote and a number of potential coalition partners, Mr. Tusk seemed assured of continuing as prime minister.
“We want the project to work and we have no intention of backing off,” Dr. Krebs said.
RACHEL KIRWIN and RYAN SMITH.
People shared Coca-Cola bottles, moistening their faces with soda to avoid the effects of tear gas.
Some are married, some have kids, some are single.
But his words carried the pain of a man who realized that allegations of inside dealing and bribe-making threatened everything his mayoral project stood for.
As recently as the year 2000, no drug company would possibly have thought about developing therapies for Down syndrome.
‘A MOLLY JOLLY CHRISTMAS’ Through Dec. 22, Laurie Beechman Theater, West Bank Cafe, 407 West 42nd Street, Clinton, (212) 352-3101, spincyclenyc.com ; $18 in advance; $20 at the door; with a $15 food or drink minimum.
When the bureau went out, they came up dry, could not interview people in those places and declared them vacant.
The most obvious, and closest to home, were the relentless Indian Wars fought in the American West.
Smith said there was no reason to believe Hurd had problems when the Bears signed him before the season.
Russian officials insisted that same-sex couples not be allowed to adopt Russian children.
Dainius Zubrus scored on a shot that deflected off an Ottawa defenseman with 5 minutes 43 seconds to play, and the Devils returned from the All-Star break with a 2-1 victory over the struggling Senators on Tuesday night.
Film Neil Genzlinger When “THE TILLMAN STORY,” Amir Bar-Lev’s examination of the death of Cpl.
Piero Weiss, a former concert pianist and recording artist who turned to musicology, becoming an author and co-author of books in the field, including a widely used textbook, and founding the music history department at the Peabody Conservatory, died on Oct. 2 in Baltimore.
Mike Hale: I think they give it to “The Amazing Race” every year because most of the voters have trouble telling the nominees apart.
Cherished grandfather of Rachel G. Hertz, Jonathan H. Hertz, Jeremy P. Kempner and Daniel J. Kempner.
RYAN ADAMS , Carnegie Hall, Dec. 6.
Before the performance, Peter Van Derick read “Draft of a Reparations Agreement,” a poem by Dan Pagis about the Holocaust that inspired Ms.
But the Alloy way is pretty much how it works in television, where one person’s singular vision is the exception and a writer-for-hire relationship is the norm.
He thinks a lot about himself and thinks of himself a lot.
MORRIS TOWNSHIP Bickford Theater “A Band Made Up of Leaders,” nine jazz musicians.
At first it’s irritating, then it’s boring.
“When the horse does an athletic event, it will automatically dump tons of red blood cells into the bloodstream,” she said.
So I’m now on the lookout for post-1990 music I like (hey, I’m serious about that baby-boomer stuff), often finding it by following recommendations from videos of other music I like.
It’s going to be a little hard to hold my head down tonight.”
The children fetch water from a well.
The three officials include Nobuaki Terasaka, the leader of the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency, the nation’s main nuclear regulatory body.
TETENBAUM--Irving, beloved husband of Vera.
Meanwhile more of our efforts to solve our own money problems — dare we suggest, with greater discipline than seen at the federal level — will become clear when the second-timer among us, Jerry Brown , unveils California’s budget this week.
Before launching Little Kids Rock in 2002, Wish spent 10 years as a first and second grade teacher in public schools in low-income communities in the San Francisco Bay Area.
The next day, four police cars were damaged.
Rodriguez went 0 for 3 in Game 4 as the Yankees were embarrassed by the Tigers in the final game of the series.
A half-hour guided tour is 12 euros (about $16); a full-hour tour is 17 euros.
One way to do that is to denounce the logic behind it.
Earnings from the company’s upstream business, which includes oil and gas production, rose to $7.48 billion in the quarter from $5.78 billion in the period a year earlier.
The contamination of the water in the basement of the turbine building poses a real challenge for efforts to bring crucial cooling pumps and other equipment back into use.
For more information, go to fringenyc.org .
Once the other deal collapsed, talks between Ms. Quinn and Mr. Mulgrew moved into overdrive.
Enter Kailua Beach Park at the corner of Kailua Road and South Kalaheo Avenue.
With little more than two weeks before the planned opening, he was still formulating the initial menu and pricing.
Some of the compositions were exciting and fresh; others did not particularly grab me.
At present, data roaming charges are regulated only at the wholesale level, tied to the prices that operators charge one another to carry the others' calls.
But it also has a dark side for workers displaced by foreign competition.
I left his after-party at Pier 40 around midnight, but I heard that Odd Future, the hip-hop group, was going to perform.
While Portuguese government bonds rose on Monday amid relief that the election had yielded a clear-cut outcome, yields on Portuguese sovereign debt have remained close to record highs since the bailout agreement, reflecting in part investors’ concerns about Greece.
To the Editor: Re “ Playing the New Bjork Album, and Playing Along, With Apps ,” by Seth Schiesel (Critic’s Notebook, front page, Oct. 25): It might be worth mentioning that since the invention of the phonograph, many people have done more than just listen passively and consume music.
Another Alibaba Group unit, Alibaba.com, was publicly listed in Hong Kong in 2007 and is now valued at $7.5 billion.
Each time I walked into the garden, I expected to be attacked by a swarm of locusts or find a blight.
Billups’s 3-pointer with 1 minute 1 second left gave the Knicks the lead for good, 85-84.
The lack of prosecutions — the Justice Department has brought three cases against employees at large financial companies and none against executives at large banks — has left private litigants, mainly investors and consumers, standing more or less alone in trying to hold financial parties accountable.
“Well if you don’t do it with us,” he said, “we’re going to look elsewhere.” With that, the G.M.
It is vital for the national security of the United States not to let another year go by fighting the same ghosts.
explain each situation in detail so fans can understand the logic?
Thoughtful, funny, immensely talented as a writer and communicator, and, above all, sincere, he reveled in sharing himself and his favorite things with the people he loved.
And among an army of sides are crispy crinkle-cut fries ($2 to $2.25) and house-made potato chips ($2.50).
Not one more shard of ice need melt to make this a reality.
Fighting had subsided, but the officials said they had not been able to visit all the areas where violence had been reported.
The Obama administration has expanded its role in Mexico ’s fight against organized crime by allowing the Mexican police to stage cross-border drug raids from inside the United States , according to senior administration and military officials.
I was pushing too hard and trying to be on the edge,” said Vettel.
proposed a $10.2 million penalty, later reduced to $7.5 million, for Southwest’s failure to do mandatory inspections for fuselage fatigue cracking on some of its Boeing 737s.
Masters runners and, in particular, those 60 and older are the fastest-growing group in the sport, according to most statistics.
General Casas was also a vice president of the Council of State, Cuba ’s highest governing body.
(CALL stands for Communication, Access, Literacy and Learning.)
Items may be submitted by mail to New Jersey Calendar, Metropolitan, The New York Times, 620 Eighth Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10018-1405; or by e-mail to njtowns@nytimes.com .
The obtrusive cinematography, by Newton Thomas Sigel, only makes matters worse.
One developer topped the competition by employing sensationally beautiful Romanian twins with bleached blond pixie cuts as his receptionists.
The average price to date for 2011 is $1.226 million, Mr. Cornell said.
By taking culinary trends further than other places manage or care to, Seattle and its environs put a pleasantly kooky spin on things — which brings me to Woodinville, an audacious exurb of Seattle that indulges Americans’ deepened romance with regional winemaking through the illusion of vineyards where they don’t really exist.
During the financial crisis, Bank of America received some $45 billion in federal aid, which it has since repaid.
The institute lures young players, with the university offering scholarships and excelling in college tournaments.
Let us in.” “You have to walk through a gantlet of officers,” said Andy Nicholson, 54, of Manhattan, who entered the park, stopped and was told by the police to move along.
“There wasn’t a whole lot of time for it,” Ms. Doukas said.
Fans of air racing are just as ardent as car racing fans, and see the danger as part of the sport.
Mr. Bouckaert of Human Rights Watch said he had learned from the documents that Sadiq was a nom de guerre for Abdel Hakim Belhaj, who is now a military leader for the rebels.
Nothing causes me more despair than seeing the condition of the tires on the trailers I already own — one for horses and a flatbed for everything else.
The disaster was that they let down so many Americans.
NYCB Theater at Westbury, 960 Brush Hollow Road.
“Don’t use a flower with a petal chewed off,” he said.
In this case, it took nearly a year after the claimed embezzlement began before Citigroup’s internal auditors uncovered that millions of dollars were missing.
She is expected to bring her high profile to the Sunday morning talk circuit and cable talk shows.
The team here at FiveThirtyEight is going to be making an effort to post reader comments faster, hopefully making for a livelier discussion with more back-and-forth.
The judge, who did not delve into the merits of the case, noted that Ms. Cooper had been given a copy of the book in 2009, but had not sued until 2011.
I went to bed around 9 p.m. to wake up energized for yoga sessions at dawn.
I once sprained my ankle getting on a treadmill.
Fervent in her opinions and always loving a good argument, Louise is remembered by her friends and family for her intellect, charm, and eminent hospitality.
A pilot cursed and shouted “Takeoff power!” but the engines did not resume takeoff power for six seconds, and the aircraft slowed down in the meanwhile.
To the Editor: Re “ Gilad Shalit’s Release ” (editorial, Oct. 19): Israel’s decision to release hundreds of prisoners to ensure the safe return of Sgt.
And if he passes teammates in the hallway, he might use it on them.
Mid-1970s songs like “Jungleland,” “Incident on 57th Street” and “Rosalita (Come Out Tonight)” stretched out like suites, and in their instrumental interludes Mr. Clemons’s saxophone parts testified to wordless yearning, to determined striving and to comical gumption.
At the center of a triptych more than 18 feet wide, a naked femme lolls on a wooden bench with her nether parts facing the viewer in an invitation to enter the archaic feminine, both literally and metaphorically.
In his address, he offered copious criticism for politicians in Washington, accusing Democrats of “pitting Americans against each other in a game of class warfare,” while saying that Republicans “have to stop protecting every tax break and loophole as though they were sacrosanct.” And he chided President Obama, saying he had failed to lead effectively on deficit reduction.
The Met has 20 Ohrs on display in its American Wing, all promised gifts from Robert A. Ellison Jr. One standout is a teapot (around 1897 to 1910) that seems to have started out close to spherical and then been gently batted or dented into a shape more resembling a gourd, an inverted pear or perhaps a deflating balloon.
The grandfather of this urban agriculture movement is the organization Abalimi Bezekhaya, which means “farmers of the home” in Xhosa.
Oct. 14 at 11 a.m. $50.
When EduCity is completed in three years, it should accommodate 15,000 students.
She theorizes that perhaps women are simply more clever about not getting caught.
This quarter, the firm has advised Kinder Morgan on its acquisition of the El Paso Corporation , as well as Kraft Foods ‘ plan to spin off its grocery business.
That bottle he's holding out toward the camera was some kind of incredibly potent cough syrup, and he was carrying that thing around like a flask.
In one facility, female detainees were limited to 12 sanitary napkins a month, humiliating them if they had to ask for more.
In May, tenants began moving in.
“This is where the truck broke down,” Ms. Flaherty said, smiling, though she quickly raved about her sophisticated clientele, who turn to her whenever they’re in the market for Peacock Alley towels, exclusive Arte Pura linens or handmade French candles.
A wide plate of baby spinach sits fluffy and green between guardian deviled eggs, their yolks enlivened with blue cheese from Point Reyes and bisected by thin discs of dried pancetta.
Hembrey calls it “satire with reverence,” insisting he is not savaging the art world so much as having fun with the notion of who and what deserve inclusion.
“What’s happening in Syria is accentuating the polarization of Lebanon and putting Lebanon on the line,” said Hilal Khashan, a professor of political science at the American University of Beirut.
Mr. Palmisano inherited a company that had returned to health, but he set about transforming it once again.
Like “Mad Men,” this new “X-Men” indulges in period nostalgia as it gazes into the future, using the backdrop of the cold war (and its turtlenecks) to explore how the past informs the present (while also blowing stuff up).
The Orangemen advanced, 77-60, at Quicken Loans Arena and will play fellow Big East Conference member Marquette in Sunday’s third round.
As he said in an interview with the newspaper The Forward: “I was driven particularly because I thought the outcome might, in a small way, assist the peace process.
“We were the model for the nation,” Mr. Cuomo said.
Matthew Hickman, an Army spokesman, said those two lots were recalled starting in 2008 and given more rigorous testing.
it's about time, NY Do not be distracted by the drum circle.
“It is clear that, at present, Iran has no power to launch wide offensive operations against Iraq or to defend on a large scale,” the report noted.
All they need do, the decision suggested, is use standard-form contracts that require two things: that disputes be raised only through the informal mechanism of arbitration and that claims be brought one by one.
Mr. Panetta, 72, was reluctant to leave the C.I.A., a senior administration official said.
Wales is a popular vacation destination for residents of cities like Manchester and Birmingham, as well as London, who often end up buying second homes there.
These accounts remind us that longstanding stereotypes doubting rape victims’ credibility continue to dominate popular opinion and prevent meaningful reform.
Understands economic, social, and cultural developments in the contemporary United States.
Its sleek white and beige décor, warm blond-wood surfaces and clean lines lend a vaguely Nordic feel to the surroundings.
Sept. 7 at 6:30 p.m. Free.
(Last week, the Republicans showed their disregard for the presidency by fighting over the timing of the address.)
Her mother is the assistant vice president for academic student services and a professor of psychology at Felician College in Lodi, N.J. Mr. Oravetz, 37, is an account manager specializing in client services at the Wright Insurance Agency, an insurance and financial services firm in Stamford, Conn.
The producers are John Gore and Beth Williams of Broadway Across America and Craig Zadan and Neil Meron – the foursome behind two recent popular musical revivals on Broadway, the currently running “How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying” and the 2010 “Promises, Promises.” A spokesman for the producers declined to comment on Thursday about the coming meeting.
Cut the bacon into ¾-1-inch pieces.
Summer love can be so cruel.
But three months later, prompted by the detention of Mr. Ai, he broke his silence with a torrent of Twitter comments that have become increasingly impassioned and frequent.
The increased demand has caused the banks to issue urgent appeals for donors.
“I can’t tell you what we’ve found, but we’re very satisfied,” said Mr. Renzi, a media-savvy rising star in Italian politics.
Initially, Ms. Diallo said she had included the gang rape in her asylum application, and wanted to stick with her story.
Each was hit by a small group of Chinese-speaking men with firearms — in one case, an assault rifle.
But where the Feelies can turn jittery, Real Estate stays airy and meditative, suspended in wistful contemplation throughout its second album, “Days.” Oct. 18.
He then jetted with the Wanamaker Trophy to his adopted home of Jupiter, Fla., and sent a photo of the cup sitting on the patio of his waterfront condo on Twitter.
The president believes that pushing for more job-creating infrastructure projects is also a political winner.
But in a ruling made public last week, the appeals court said the trial judge, David R. Tobin, should have asked jurors if they had read the article, which was published in The New York Times after the jury was impaneled but before it began hearing evidence.
“That was certainly one of the crazier moments of this wild ride,” she said in her signature sweet way.
Gaël Monfils, the unpredictable Frenchman seeded ninth, was soon celebrating in the same place after prevailing over David Ferrer of Spain, 6-4, 2-6, 7-5, 1-6, 8-6 , in the fourth round in an often spectacular match that stretched over two days.
But Newton has surpassed any reasonable expectations.
For example, Sakura, the cherry blossom festival, is celebrated now, and the flowers decorate the place setting and infuse a light broth served at the start of dinner.
Anyone walking across Queens Boulevard may beg to differ.
From the other side of the apartment, I get a peek at the lights of Manhattan.
But Lowenstein’s argument feels more relevant than ever.
“They’re rereleasing it in 3-D!” Davis gave him a look.
is popularly seen as providing a more complete picture of what you are actually paying each month, it often omits some costs.
guys and universities.” FNZ, a company that develops Web-based financial service applications, opened a Czech development center in Brno last summer.
Salah Bardawil, a Hamas official in Gaza , said Hamas “cannot support a party against another party in an Arab country,” adding, “The Syrian leadership and other leaderships should understand Hamas’s strategic principle not to intervene in the internal affairs of the states.” Hamas considers itself a populist movement, and although it owes a great deal to the government of President Bashar al-Assad , it does not wish to be associated with its current policies of suppression.
Catalano usually packed Galea’s medical bag for each visit with an athlete in the United States, and scheduled the appointments.
“They were destroying the look of the neighborhood, and they had contempt for the local rules,” said Mr. Vairo, who claimed at one point that the Sheridans were putting the most garishly colored items facing his house, to taunt him.
Jane Keltner de Valle, the fashion news director of Teen Vogue, views it as a positive sign that teenagers are taking advantage of online resources to get an early start in their careers.
Only if the dog seems comfortable should the pressure be increased.
It might also come in handy to confer some added legitimacy to future military missions.
But I do question that form of money-saving “creativity.” When I read the descriptions of some of the online course work (“up to half of each school day in computer labs playing math and literacy games that adjust to their ability level”), I begin to suspect that we are talking about two very, very different things here: virtual schools that supplement active students and families learning at home, and virtual schools that substitute for active students learning with teachers in schools.
Maybe the idea was to keep celebrity-hounds from storming the open houses.
It should be enough to build a Habitat for Humanity house.
The Arctic will be one of the critical factors in determining how much oil Russia is producing in 15 years and exporting to the rest of the world.” Following the template of the BP deal, Rosneft is negotiating joint venture agreements with other major oil companies shut out of North America and intent on exploring the Arctic continental shelf off Russia’s northern coast.
Groups divide to form other groups much less often than organisms reproduce to form other organisms, so group selection for altruism would be unlikely to override the tendency of each group to quickly lose its altruists through natural selection favoring cheaters.
That has been especially an issue against teams like Villanova that are just a train ride away.
Now, city and county officials say that such projects have sharply improved once-sagging neighborhoods, but critics say they are simply a gift to private developers.
As Iraq’s commander in chief, he sometimes micromanages the forces under his control.
“Now, instead of one house, you need two.”) Still, his answer to potential buyers is always the same: no thanks.
“We are interested in allies,” he said, “not in religious obscurantism, not in the idealization of the church as such, not in the use of force to bring a person to church.
In Coney Island, mechanics at Deno’s Wonder Wheel Park began reattaching eight cars to the giant Ferris wheel after taking them off to reduce its wind resistance.
The rest is held by Mr. Hernandez, 33, and Mr. McCollough, 32, as well as Proenza’s chief executive officer, Shirley Cook.
Joshua P. Hill New London, Conn. To the Editor: I am Premier Executive on United Airlines and greatly value the access to lounges when I’m traveling internationally, and the assistance when a flight is delayed or canceled.
Monica Kim, 35, a textile designer; Meaghan Lorenz, 30, an artist; and Masako Takagi, 36, the birthday girl, and the artistic director for the jewelry designer Jill Platner, met when all three worked at Ms. Platner’s Crosby Street studio.
It’s absolutely critical that Pakistan stay focused on rooting out militants in North Waziristan.” The C.I.A.
Thankfully, the Terman study participants showed us that struggling with lists of specific health rules is unnecessary.
The cycle was beginning anew.
Asleep at last, Aaron thought.
Ultimately, Young dispatched Wawrinka, 7-6 (7), 3-6, 2-6, 6-3, 7-6 (1), a victory he called the “biggest” of his career.
If you need a proper distraction from all of this, feel free to join in the celebration of a Canadian national holiday, the opening of the N.H.L.
Local officials who want to cut pensions do not, as a rule, want to shortchange their bondholders for fear of not being able to borrow in the future — yet bankruptcy law requires that both types of creditors be treated equitably.
“It’s not just about finding a job, it’s about helping people be great at the job they are in – they want to provide intelligence, participate in professional groups and share knowledge, share their expertise.”
But chronic absenteeism by hospital workers, as well as overcrowding, force repeat visits that parents are reluctant to make because of the distances involved.
Mr. Harman sold his company to avoid conflicts of interest during his government service, and bought it back a few years later at a profit.
1 post and lost all chance.
And it’s all right for them to say that.
In up-tempo Latin-flavored jazz numbers like “Straighten Up and Fly Right” and “I’m Beginning to See the Light,” Ms. Henry maintained a solid rhythmic footing through some tricky, fast-paced phrases.
But the reform process has not moved quickly, and pro-democracy forces have grown impatient.
Along with the swath of destruction it cut through Tuscaloosa, the tornado smashed up the town’s capacity to recover.
APP Immaculate Infatuation PLATFORM iPhone PRICE Free APP Chefs Feed PLATFORM iPhone PRICE Free APP Tweat.it PLATFORM iPhone PRICE Free If you like to eat out in New York and own a smartphone, you probably know the feeling of standing on a street corner and sifting through dozens of restaurant listings to find a good place nearby.
All this has happened even though Japan is arguably better prepared than any other country when it comes to earthquakes and other natural disasters.
“That’s why you’re getting more explicit, or more explicitly inferential, use of language.” It is not incidental that most of the efforts to break through the language boundaries are coming from female writers, and that the words are frequently put in the mouths of female characters.
She was born Joyce Catherine Hoyt in New Haven on Sept. 12, 1935, one of four daughters of Raymond Hoyt, an ironworker, and his wife, Helen.
Rick Perry and Michele Bachmann had an opportunity for their first face-to-face encounter of the 2012 presidential campaign just a day after Mr. Perry entered the race and Mrs. Bachmann won its first high-profile contest, the Ames straw poll.
But then years and albums go by.
For Sprout: Andrew Beecham, executive producer; Lisa O’Brien, executive in charge of production.
Joseph Strasburg, the president of the Rent Stabilization Association , a trade group representing landlords, said that it might make sense to modify the tenant data that is sold so that it notes whether the tenant won the case.
We must move quickly to put these effective and inexpensive medical advances into place, like the widespread use of household vinegar as a diagnostic tool.
And, because personhood amendments were not explicitly mentioned in either exchange, it’s unclear if Mr. Romney was actually supporting a personhood initiative, or simply restating his view that life begins at conception.
He wants to make you better, and he can berate you.
I hate “the wave.” I cannot stand it; it’s for places like Citi Field.
Bard College, Annandale-on-Hudson, N.Y.; (845) 758-7598, bard.edu/ccs .
The board of the Texas Department of Motor Vehicles has been deadlocked, 4-to-4, on whether to grant a request to issue specialty license plates that show a likeness of the Dixie flag.
Might we add all the misinformed diets promoting proteins while vilifying grains and carbohydrates?
I don’t have anything personal against real estate.
The warning Wednesday applied to Tokyo’s 23 wards, as well as to the towns of Mitaka, Tama, Musashino, Machida and Inagi to the west.
By comparison, Quantcast estimates that each month about 20 million people visit CNN.com and about 15 million visit NYTimes.com .
First, I’d take issue with the title.
Score one for the Barcalounger.
The family of Estelle Appel Pellman announce her passing in Stanford, CT. A past resident of Harrison, NY and Tucson, AZ, she was the beloved wife of Herbert Pellman for 59 years.
A multibillion-dollar aid plan that the Obama administration hoped would win over Pakistanis and buttress the weak civilian government is foundering because Washington’s fears of Pakistani corruption and incompetence has slowed disbursal of the money, undermining a fundamental goal of the United States in Pakistan , officials from both nations say.
To be fair, Assad has not relied only on repression and cronies.
Video Netflix Backtracks Netflix changed course and decided not to split up its online streaming and DVD services.
In another development, Channel 4 reported on Tuesday that Ms. Brooks met with the police in 2002 over accusations that the tabloid had placed a senior Metropolitan police detective under surveillance.
A separate report showed that a gauge of future economic activity rose more than expected in May, but high gasoline prices and a weak housing market are expected to keep growth moderate.
There are few introduced bird species, and these are present in only a couple of areas.
Betterment’s chief executive, Jon Stein, says the company will fix both of these problems this year.
He doesn’t know how long the tornado lasted.
“How are you?” “I’m in love,” she said, with an extra syllable in “love.” She didn’t tell me his name.
But this time the accent is on luxury and high-performance sports cars.
Last year, the national team imploded at the soccer World Cup in South Africa when players boycotted a training session after the expulsion of Nicolas Anelka from the squad for verbally abusing manager Raymond Domenech.
You can find abandoned sections of the 1862 canal and even fragments of the original 1825 canal, if you look for them.
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair discusses whether, in his role as Middle East envoy, he can avert a confrontation at the United Nations as Palestinians push for statehood.
And his rivals have pounced.
A big winner was Mr. Malloy, whose attempt to provide a national model of cooperation was almost killed by the June vote.
“You call; you make a reservation; you know you’re going to get a car,” he said.
The musicians who run the Tanglewood Music Center’s Festival of Contemporary Music tend to be less concerned with unifying themes, musical or extramusical, than with offering an overview of the composition world’s many competing styles.
But the county attorney cautioned that the move was unlikely to bring in significant revenue, because many inmates were destitute and because convicts would be expected to pay restitution and other fines first.
First, we asked everyone to vote again, this time for one book that a colleague cited but they had not.
Ms. Meguid and Mr. Bichara wanted to work as programmers, but the two realized that there were no companies in Egypt to develop programs for the Windows platform.
The Nets, according to the report, would be willing to take on the pricey contract of Hedo Turkoglu to make the deal more enticing.
As floodwaters rose on the morning of Aug. 28, Mr. Fink interrupted the regular Sunday programming on WRIP-FM (97.9) ; instead of a classic Casey Kasem countdown, listeners found Mr. Fink — beginning what would be a 13-hour on-air marathon.
Neither Fisher nor Kessler would entertain that possibility early Sunday morning, but the union has always held out decertification as a measure of last resort.
It’s unusual for a director to scale down again as dramatically as Mr. Weitz has with “A Better Life” (that polymath Steven Soderbergh makes it a habit), but it’s done him good.
Named for its wing covers, which look so much like emeralds that people in some countries string them into jewelry, the borer is thought to have come to North America in wooden pallets from China.
SMITH--Elise Whitney, departed this life on April 5, 2011.
Huge bunches of roses and Casablanca lilies were laid out on newsprint on the dining room table.
Drake, the rapper and singer , who acted in the teenage television show “Degrassi: The Next Generation,” sailed to No.
“It doesn’t matter what size a player is,” Richard said.
Last Christmas Eve, the Uzbek government denied me accreditation to work in the country, and now it has forced us to close our office there, the first time in Human Rights Watch’s 33-years of operation that a government has shut down one of our offices.
When it was dark, we went into the dining car for our first train meal.
coaches are known for their conservative nature, but each touchdown pass ordered up this season by the game’s most aggressive thinkers — Bill Belichick, Sean Payton, Haley, Manning — has carried a message.
“Hopefully, I might be able to enjoy it the next few days.” The Cleveland series ended with Jeter needing three hits for 3,000, and the Yankees headed back to the Bronx.
He was attempting a double cork, a difficult inverted maneuver that only a handful of riders had started landing in advance of the Vancouver Olympics.
Osama bin Laden’s death suggests the defeat of Al Qaeda.
They inspired me to start doing those songs again in my church.”
Dwayne Bowe vs. Buffalo — With his quarterback Matt Cassel nursing bad ribs and the weak Buffalo run defense on deck, the Chiefs could opt to run the ball all day.
They’re very sure they’re not going where their parents went.
All of which leaves Washington in a quandary, trying to balance national security concerns and its moral responsibility to stand with those who have the courage to oppose authoritarian rulers.
He now joins Mabel, his beloved wife of 59 years, who predeceased him by six months.
Citing the definition of infertility as the inability to conceive after trying for 12 months, Gary Cherr, the study’s senior author, said, “Our data suggests a likelihood or probability that couples are unable to conceive in the 12-months window will increase significantly if men lack the normal gene.” Still, for most couples, it is unlikely that two defective genes for the protein, called DEFB126, are enough to prevent pregnancy by themselves.
“Nor is anyone else,” replied the PBS host Charlie Rose , one of the debate moderators.
The fact is, I don’t cheat because I’m scared of getting caught, and I will be caught, because my fear will give me away.
He won only once in his career, and never at a major.
In any case he has become connected with organizations on the East and West Coasts that need someone exactly like him: in Los Angeles, the music and film production house Mochilla and the record label Brainfeeder; and in New York, the concert producer Revive Da Live, which organized Saturday’s concert through Harlem Stage.
Concerns that the government was being too generous reached all the way to President Obama .
All three musicians played with commitment, deftly illuminating the work’s impressionistic hues.
For Israelis, the organization is simply an enemy.
Many of the comments expressed frustration about using American cards — particularly when traveling in Europe — which rely on magnetic-strip technology rather than embedded microprocessor chips used in cards that are becoming common outside the United States .
“For the defense to rest without calling any witnesses, it is basically saying the government’s proof isn’t strong enough to make its case,” said Rory Little, a professor at the University of California Hastings College of Law in San Francisco and a former federal prosecutor.
“The furniture was constantly shaking from aftershocks, and we were constantly afraid of another explosion at the nuclear plant.” Mr. Sakurai and other city employees described the video as a final call for help by a city that felt abandoned by the rest of Japan.
“A lot of things they said about me was not true.” Before being introduced by the Rev.
To populate its lists, Wantful has teamed up with a variety of vendors and merchants, including charcuterie companies, a boutique fragrance maker in Brooklyn and a few charities.
But there was a problem: I had flunked two classes and had literally never studied outside of school, except once, when I made a cassette of the answers to a biology quiz and went to sleep with the tape on, hoping to learn by aural osmosis.
That projection would be unchanged by Mr. Obama’s proposal to extend and expand the payroll tax relief that he and Congressional Republicans agreed to a year ago to spur the economy, because they also agreed to transfer general revenues to Social Security to make up the difference.
Hampton Theater Company, Quogue Community Hall, 126 Jessup Avenue.
Once in place, the network no longer needed Bin Laden and, in fact, has been proceeding with minimal direction from him for several years.
The letters were signed by Senators Baucus, a Montana Democrat; Charles E. Grassley , an Iowa Republican; and Herb Kohl , the Wisconsin Democrat who is chairman of the Special Committee on Aging.
He has a slight mustache from under which a gentle and bemused smile usually pokes out.
The dead of winter is deadly.
It has been the focus of an age-old foreign policy debate between realism and idealism, prompted a deluge of finger-pointing, and proved a catalyst to the U.N. -endorsed notion of a responsibility to protect.
The center’s performance tonight is a tango tour de force perfectly suited to its distinctive Moorish-style auditorium on West 55th Street.
To which Vader responds with arguably the most powerful gotcha in the history of film: “ I am your father.” This is, for most of us, a deeply familiar moment: one that has been microstitched into our DNA right next to George Washington’s cherry tree and Fonzie’s “Heyyyy!” and the first 12 words of the Pledge of Allegiance.
It’s a testament to downtown’s revival that the intersection of Main and Fifth (hence “Nickel”) is now home to a place where people line up for tables.
Scott Sharp, a meteorologist for the National Weather Service office in Raleigh, said the devastation was due to “a family of tornadoes” that were part of the same thunderstorm system, with one rotating updraft cropping up after another had dissipated.
Doris C. Freedman Plaza, Central Park, 60th Street and Fifth Avenue, Public Art Fund , (212) 223-7800, publicartfund.org .
Page C3 Science FINDINGS ON COLON CANCER A genomics researcher, Dr. Robert A. Holt, has discovered that one particular species of bacterium seems to have a disturbing affinity for colon cancers.
He earned a bachelor’s degree in philosophy from Harvard College in 1972, and spent several years traveling in the Far East on a Michael Clark Rockefeller Memorial Fellowship and developing literacy programs in China.
Seventeenth-century Anabaptists believed that nonresistance was purifying in a corrupted world.
It opened in winter 2009 as part of a vast marina, golf and condominium complex that is still in development.
Mr. Walker, right, joins a club of other successful tech entrepreneurs whose recovery strategy after running fast-growing companies is to start labs where they can quickly crank out new products without any bureaucratic roadblocks.
I sat next to her on the bed and opened the book.
Now, again, you divine god's will for the armies, bruit it about, as fact, why the deadly Archer multiplies our pains: because I, I refused that glittering price for the young girl Chryseis.
Banister begins his first full season as the team’s bench coach under the new manager, Clint Hurdle, preaching pride in the battered black and gold.
“I always felt like a bullfighter in many ways,” Mr. Gamboa said in a recent interview over lunch with Mr. Herrón at the Los Angeles County Museum, only a hundred yards from the spot where they once spray-painted their names.
Maloney, who is enormously personable, was hired.
When Marvel created its Ultimate Universe series in 2000, it was with a blank slate, effectively telling readers to forget everything they thought they knew about the characters.
Outstanding loan balances on each have fallen more than 3 percent since last year, with residential mortgages dropping over 13 percent since the crisis, according to Trepp data.
“All investors and companies these days are clinging to this Chinese demand story,” said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at Harris Private Bank.
Put another way, a dandelion is unmoved by foreclosure.
1109 Fifth Avenue, at 92nd Street, (212) 423-3337, thejewishmuseum.org .
The Portuguese gazed in covetous admiration at the trappings of the Muslim courts they visited, and Muslims showed no interest whatsoever in European culture (which they considered pitifully inferior to their own).
Fuel-economy estimates for the V-6 are 21 m.p.g.
A Leaf, for example, will be priced at about $33,600, Mr. Jaffe said, compared with Nissan’s Versa model with roughly the same frame at about $15,000.
Six performers on swings in the woods were ''pregnant'' with big bubbles.
As eighth-seeded Butler pulled away in the final five minutes against No.
At Sherman Junior/Senior High School in Moro, wind money paid for new computers, musical instruments, robotics equipment, portions of a greenhouse and a new teacher to instruct the most gifted of its 124 students last year.
Mr. Galecki called from Los Angeles to discuss funny formulas and “Taxi,” the show he watched to prepare for his role.
But even so, Redfin is going beyond what has generally been available to consumers online, Mr. Kelman said.
It read, “Fear is a down payment on a debt you may not owe.” Exactly.
Funeral services Friday, June 3 at 9:30am at Riverside-Nassau North Chapels, 55 North Station Plaza (opposite LIRR) Great Neck, NY.
Investors are waiting for Verizon Wireless’s revenues to pop once the iPhone built for that carrier goes on sale.
Whatever it was, we knew that after living through four terrorist attacks in seven years we could be resilient no more.
I’m not revealing so very much, when I write, that isn’t in all of us.
Mazza does not earn a salary, but neither does he face the enormous pressure of his European brethren.
The stakes to sign a player of his caliber grow higher each year, with colleges, scouting services and companies investing millions to showcase and evaluate top prospects.
The senior Afghan government official who views local police as “poison” in the long term, for example, also told me: “Look at our history, especially the mujahedeen, and you see that the A.L.P.
And of course there were stars then, trained for the stage, who made you believe that such dialogue came as naturally as breathing.
Terry Collins told Rodriguez that after he came out and explained that might happen in the future and he should not be upset if it did.
But her question lingers for us today in modified form.
WIDE-ANGLE These are called “the story-telling lens.” Less wide than fisheyes, they still capture a lot of territory and because of the short focal length, they can keep the foreground and background in focus at the same time.
Since then, the scientific understanding of human memory has been transformed.
But Mrs. Bachmann did not arrive until after Mr. Perry was finished speaking.
Ingersoll-Rand, which makes products like Club Car golf carts and Schlage locks, forecast third-quarter earnings to be no more than 80 cents a share, below an earlier prediction of at least 85 cents and missing the average analyst estimate of 92 cents.
Mr. Erdogan’s veiled threats to take action against joint efforts by Israel and Cyprus over gas exploration in the eastern Mediterranean did elicit a response from Demetris Christofias, the president of Cyprus, divided into hostile Turkish and Greek halves.
You might almost say that greatness shows itself precisely in the discrepancy between the performance and the material.
recently briefed several privacy advocates about the coming changes.
There’s everything from “Daddy’s in Iraq but I Want Him Back!” to “Military Widow: a Survival Guide.” A favorite among the youngest, checked out 24 times this year, is “The Fathers Are Coming Home,” published 60 years ago by Margaret Wise Brown, author of “Goodnight Moon.” In the book, a fish father, a bug father, a rabbit father and a spider father all return home, along with “the boy’s father, who is a sailor, come home from the sea!
They were interesting for personal and professional reasons.
All he meant, he continued, was that the amyloid plaque characteristic of Alzheimer’s can start forming years before it leads to dementia.
A senior NATO ambassador asked for patience.
He was less optimistic about employment, noting that the job market had “improved only modestly at best.” And he added a cautionary forecast: “It could take four to five more years for the job market to normalize fully.” Mr. Bernanke noted that housing, an enormous potential driver of middle- and working-class jobs, continued to edge downward.
“Their op-sec is good,” the American official said, referring to operational security, “plus they’re not in this country.”
We’re not looking to sell or merge it or anything else.” White also said a sale would result in substantial tax payments.
I researched adoption in China but discovered that the criteria excluded us.
He has a plan to persuade a couple of local gangsters (Ron Perlman and Albert Brooks) to invest in a car that will be both Shannon’s and the driver’s ticket out of their marginal, sun-baked, film noir existence.
THE last four years have been difficult for American workers.
They are “eBay people,” sniffed Mrs. Sorrow, whose nickname among the Windies is Southern Spice.
Two appetizer specials — escarole and beans, and grilled eggplant antipasto with mozzarella — could have been light meals.
“We’re seeing a flowering of print,” she said.
Sure, tailgate party menus can be as simple as a disposable grill and a package of hot dogs.
It’s not easy to have a team in Utah.
The new filing by the trustee cleared up one of the mysteries in the redacted lawsuit: the executive who told a senior executive in June 2007 that Mr. Madoff’s returns “are speculated to be part of a Ponzi scheme” was Mr. Zames, a member of the bank’s executive committee who is often cited as a young star who could snag the bank’s top job someday.
I love the intensity surrounding youth sports.
The black leather jackets and capes evoked the shape of a Stockman dress form, and yet they were completely contemporary in the way that Mr. Watanabe showed them, with soft black skirts and black jodhpur boots.
GORDON--Annette Newman, age 93, formerly of Lawrence and Southold, NY, died November 29 in Santa Cruz, CA.
In midlife I took up ‘cello and played for 35 years, but never well; this because I was never willing to put in the practice time to become that good.
“The Jets made him feel wanted,” said Mason’s agent, Lamont Smith.
He justly berates himself for spending too much time on the road and not enough with his wife, Tara Bishop, and their children, Amira and Khyber .
In a crumbling ’70s hotel in Sorrento, I switched on the BBC , which said my newspaper was closing down after 168 years.
Some iTunes reviewers who say they are professional D.J.’s say the app isn’t quite up to their standards, but hobbyists and amateurs give it high marks.
“The structural forces driving inequality remain very much in place,” he said.
Try buying a newspaper every day between now and Thanksgiving.
Seeing Wikipedia as The Man, in so many words, is so 2011.
Elsewhere an accountant (Kyle Howard) is fired and returns home early to find his fianc?
“We didn’t try,” said Ms. Clem, who shot her video on a Flip camera and had never posted on YouTube.
Wayne Rooney’s hat trick kept Manchester United on track to win the English Premier League with a 4-2 comeback victory at West Ham, while Chelsea’s hopes of retaining the title were deflated after a 1-1 draw at Stoke City on Saturday.
But Mr. Friedman contended that after the arrest, Eichmann was heard telling the Israeli agents, “Where’s Friedman?” Whether Mr. Friedman’s promise of a reward, unauthorized by Israel, had truly motivated Mr. Hermann remains unknown.
Ms. Carroll said school officials had held more than 40 meetings with community groups and elected officials, in addition to two public meetings required by the law.
“I’m mixed with two things,” she said politely.
Carnegie Hall’s JapanNYC festival has offered samples of each style.
In Gardner’s case, one of the five executioners was given blanks to fire, without any of the squad members knowing which of them this was.
(Chinen) ★ Ravi Coltrane Quartet (Friday and Saturday) Ravi Coltrane was recently brought into the Blue Note Records roster, a sensible move for all involved — and one more reason, if any were required, to pay attention to him and his working band.
Despite the urgent need, they added, promised financing has been slow to materialize, much of the necessary work has yet to begin and, once it does, it is likely to take decades to bear results.
“It’s impossible to remove Qaddafi, he controls the West.
Woodson is the only assistant with head-coaching experience, which could put him in line to take over if management decides to make a change within the next season.
Unfortunately, the study is based on four practices — hardly enough to base any sort of national estimate on.
It’s infuriating,” said Mr. Scott, the training consultant.
Fuel costs are to blame, and so is a shift in how the rest of the world eats.
It is never right for any boss, especially the president of the United States, to mess with an intern, even if she’s the aggressor.
Instead, it specializes in the less flashy market of data storage, helping individuals and businesses store and share their files remotely in the cloud.
That said, the Dodges noted that they have never had to use either while guiding clients.
“CU Activists were planning a teach-in outside the Barnard gates to explain why he is not a responsible citizen nor a role model,” Yoni Golijov, a Columbia student, told The Spectator.
“We have great players, and many are the best I have ever seen.” Germán Mesa , a Cuban national team star in the 1980s and ’90s, was “the best shortstop I ever saw here,” he said, including his former Senators teammate Willy Miranda.
But they surely must have swayed a few voters with the way they manhandled the Sooners in the first half en route to a 24-3 lead.
A number of academic papers have studied the impact of computer-based trading, and “it’s very hard to find compelling evidence of them dragging prices up or down away from fundamentals and causing excess volatility,” Mr. Irwin added.
“I’ve gotten to know her well,” he added.
In an interview last week, she said the support Ms. Gillibrand provided had been a turning point for her.
During the last few days of Ramadan, there is a power failure (but no moonlight, since the end of the fast will usher in the new moon), which leads Attlee to a fascinating discussion of darkness and Islamic societies, in which “The night becomes a creative space and a source of inspiration, rather than something to be feared, as it so often has been in Western cultures.” Attlee poses provocative questions about art and civilization; yet many go unanswered, perhaps because their appeal lies in their ineffability.
A graduate of the University of Pennsylvania and Columbia Law School, he was in private practice in New Jersey for more than forty-five years, specializing in commercial real estate law.
Both the mayor and the governor claimed to support legalizing street hails of livery cabs — and a measure to do just that was approved by the Legislature in June.
Discreet U.S. military assistance with France and Britain doing the trumpeting was sensible.
“We are following the developments in Germany with great interest,” Christoph Dichand told the German business newspaper Handelsblatt.
“Our goal is an even smaller file size; readers should see a big improvement within the next couple of months,” said Pamela McCarthy, deputy editor for The New Yorker.
In contrast, the chart showed violence decreasing with “adherence by pious and devout” to the Bible or to the Torah.
The Police Review Board in Berkeley criticized university officials for their handling of the protest and called for better training of the university police.
Brown’s solid support for organized labor, community groups and those who have been most hurt by the continuing economic crisis — positions that resonate with the millions of Ohio voters who overturned Senate Bill 5 — may help Obama more than anything Obama has done will help Brown.
Try and improve my game and get stronger.” He added: “It’s a very tough era I think in tennis.
Best case: Dunn and Rios bounce back, Gordon Beckham rediscovers himself and they make a surprise run.
“The only thing I’ve ever told anyone is my program didn’t cheat,” Calhoun told The New York Times recently.
Britain has not once been voted down by other E.U.
Faces painted, my twins searched the toy table.
To the Editor: Re “ Separate and Unequal ,” by Bob Herbert (column, March 22): In spite of the 1954 Brown v. Board of Education decision by the Supreme Court, sadly the struggle goes on.
Tradition holds that, before the French Revolution, the country’s all-powerful kings took advantage of their right to sleep with female servants.
The zero lower bound: you can always raise interest rates, but you can’t cut them below zero, so deflation means significantly positive real rates even in the depths of a slump, making monetary stabilization much harder if not impossible.
rebuked Calhoun, a Basketball Hall of Fame coach, for failure to monitor and promote an atmosphere for compliance and stated that he got away with it because the university “failed to monitor the conduct and administration of the men’s basketball program.” UConn must also forfeit three men’s scholarships — one each through the 2012-13 season — and serve a three-year probation with restrictions on calls and contacts with recruits.
For many years, yoga teachers and enthusiasts have touted the benefits to the body of this ancient practice, but it is the rare physician who both endorses it and documents its value in clinical tests.
We were able to convince 1,700 people to do that, and they created thousands of videos and blog posts explaining how they were playing the game and coming up with creative solutions to the problem.
Other administration officials hastened to clarify that that deal did not extend to the question of how that agreement might be approved.
She picked up one stroke by the turn before recording birdies at Nos.
Any overlapping is ground away by sanding and polishing.
Meanwhile, manufacturing costs are lower for a single 85-kilowatt-hour pack than for three 24-kilowatt-hour packs.
The crisis in the Netherlands is another setback for the Roman Catholic Church, which has been roiled by sexual abuse allegations from Ireland and Belgium to the United States.
Reviews of shows from the New York International Fringe Festival will appear on ArtsBeat from now to the festival’s close on Aug. 28.
New subscriptions for the third and fourth rings are not being offered, and current third- and fourth-ring subscribers are being encouraged to move to lower sections, the spokesman said.
I found the unannounced drizzle of balsamic reduction intrusive, however.
In a speech on Thursday, the homeland security secretary, Janet Napolitano, said the United States government would now identify threats as either “imminent” or “elevated,” explain the threat as fully as possible and suggest specific responses.
(The pickle, however, doesn’t cut it, and it’s a given that there is no good rye bread left in New York.
A solid afternoon’s worth of efforts to elicit tidbits about his golf game elicited nothing.
One example of this might be swipe capabilities for your cellphone.
“His revised complaint is simply his latest scam — supported by a doctored contract and fake e-mails.” Still, the details laid out in the new complaint, as well as Mr. Ceglia’s new legal team, which also includes a former attorney general of New York, are giving skeptics pause.
For example, without using explicit racial classifications, we can devise districts and situate homes in ways that are more likely to produce integrated schools and neighborhoods.
agreed to lower the requirement for those with an associated health condition to 30.
Dempsey faked with his right foot and pulled the ball over to his left before curling a shot past goalkeeper Donis Escobar.
Pretty much all of August.
Richard Brehaut has done a nice job at quarterback; after sharing snaps with Kevin Prince earlier in the game, Brehaut has taken over for good — and perhaps for the foreseeable future — here in the second half.
NEW HAVEN Whitney Humanities Center “James Prosek’s Expeditionary Art: Paintings, Records and Objects From Suriname.” Through June 24.
“I won’t let anything like that affect my game.” Hossler, who has dark hair, dark eyes and an easy smile, did not make the cut for the final rounds this weekend.
To find out, we checked with Chase and Bank of America.
“Gbagbo no longer has any options.
It was an alarming admission.
SKALAK--Anna Allison, 86, passed away peacefully on April 24, Easter morning.
The island has a population of 100,000.
“It’s not free, but it’s also not the full price of $50,000 or more.
Pitchers initiate the action in baseball.
He lives in Harlem with his wife, Maya Haile, a model.
clemency in 1999, a decision that stirred an emotional debate.
Prosecutors have called that assertion a lie.
Sitting up in the gallery with the first lady, Michelle Obama, was Daniel Hernandez, an intern to Ms. Giffords whose administering of first aid is credited with helping to save her life; members of the family of the youngest victim, 9-year-old Christina- Taylor Green; and Dr. Peter Rhee, the director of the trauma center at the University of Arizona Medical Center in Tucson, where Ms. Giffords and others were treated.
Pledging to “rebuild this government,” Mr. Cuomo listed decorum among many things he said needed to be restored, including professionalism, respect and collegiality.
Marissa Felice Certilman and David Ari Zackowitz are to be married Sunday evening at the Park Avenue Synagogue in New York.
Authorities have warned of a nonspecific bomb threat possibly tied to the 10th anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.
JON CARAMANICA XYLOS (1000x) Xylos, a five-piece band from Brooklyn, makes self-consciously stylish electro-pop, gesturing toward sensuality but also holding it at arm’s length for appraisal.
He suggested a whole new crop of writers might emerge from the ranks of people who visit the Creem Web site.
His reputation for honesty, integrity and good management has taken a beating as critics have faulted him for failing to stop the graft and corruption in his administration — even if he has not personally been accused of any wrongdoing.
Fox was a distant fourth, earning 5.5 million for an encore showing of “The Simpsons Movie.”
“Say, ‘No, because I don’t have the room, the money, the time?’ ” “No excuse,” he recalled.
But Internet service providers argued that this would be impossible, given that they had been unable to identify the host of the site or its creators.
The central bank has invested more than $2 trillion in buying mortgage and Treasury securities since the start of the financial crisis in 2008.
University officials had imposed a two-year probationary period, which begins Wednesday, and have placed additional recruiting restrictions on the current basketball coach, Cuonzo Martin, and the football coach, Derek Dooley; neither has been accused of wrongdoing.
The novel opens in 1950 with 17-year-old Kit Corrigan, one of the famous Corrigan triplets from Providence, R.I., dancing in a third-rate Broadway show, “That Girl From Scranton!,” and living in a bedbug-infested rooming house.
“That’s inexcusable.” The admission came as committee members questioned Mr. Prendergast and other officials on what the transportation agency has done to avoid the kinds of errors it made during the storm.
Here and there, a house had been spared, a dubious mercy: the good news is, you still have a house.
She was the daughter of the owner, David Widule, whose own father, Louis Widule, bought the building with a handshake in 1955.
Bani Walid is the home of the country’s largest tribe, the Warfallah, which had previously been a strong supporter of Colonel Qaddafi’s.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended down 519.83 points, or 4.6 percent, at 10,719.94.
Mr. Shishido's willingness to go along with his director's sideshow approach makes him perhaps cinema's lone exponent of a singular mood: dada macho.
Dan Knechtges directs and choreographs the young, “Glee”-like ensemble (2:10).
When the restaurateur Elaine Kaufman died last year , the manager who inherited her legendary restaurant on the Upper East Side said, “We’re going to try to run it as usual.” On Tuesday, less than six months later, the manager, Diane Becker, announced she was giving up because Elaine’s “was not a viable business” anymore.
Despite the sharp drop in the stock market, it notched gains in core divisions like equity sales and wealth management In its results, Morgan Stanley moved to clarify its exposure to five countries at the center of the European debt crisis.
The feature is not new for 2011; it had been offered in the 2010 model.
Mr. Buffett said he first met Mr. Obama roughly six years ago, at a lunch arranged by the billionaire’s daughter, Susie.
But Iran is a different kind of case.
The children ranged in age from 18 months to 3 years old.
When intending to study movement, Degas actually took to molding clay figures, as if he had been a sculptor.
Rosenhaus said Burress would begin workouts at home in Florida.
Finra has started a social networking task force and the S.E.C.
Like every other lip gloss enthusiast out there, I have no tolerance for a sticky, smelly, gloppy, badly-colored mess on a stick.
Some regional analysts suggested that it might also push Mr. Assad to continue with his crackdown.
Many mayors have already raised taxes, cut services and laid off workers, even police and firefighters.
A senior American official here said Mr. Davis was a “security official,” and as such was allowed to carry a gun.
SLEEPY HOLLOW Philipsburg Manor “Horseman’s Hollow,” haunted house and trail set in the late 1700s with costumed characters.
Merchant strode out on his own this autumn and is just finishing playing to sold-out crowds in a 42-city, 80-date “Hello Ladies” stand-up tour across Britain.
The monthly rent for two-bedroom two-bath apartments was in the low to high $3,000s.
If the Mets survive that stretch of games with a playoff spot still realistic, then the next 10 games leading up to the July 31 nonwaiver trade deadline will be even more critical, he said.
Instead, that Web site installed malicious software that began filling their news feeds with violent and pornographic images without their knowledge.
–Bimmer, New Haven, Conn. Asomugha was also used differently in Oakland – where he played man to man coverage and could take the opponent’s best receiver out of the game — than he is being used in the Eagles’ defense, which plays more zone.
Maybe he would have recast his involuntary surrender of $250 as a charitable gift to a needy member of a minority group.
“Many policy makers are seriously scared of making fundamental decisions,” Mr. Snower said.
West took the third diamond, cashed his club ace, club queen and heart queen, then played a club to East’s jack for down one.
In September, under the flags of North Korea and China , North Korean workers began digging at Haesan, a hilly town near the Chinese border, kicking off one of several joint mining ventures.
Two police cars came screeching to a stop, and officers dashed into a low-rise building as panicked children came running out.
He put it to good use.” Rodgers, though, does not see his path as a blueprint for quarterback development.
Once, on holiday, a friend and I descended a narrow iron ladder into a floodlit cavern and followed a guide into a small boat.
“Foray Forêt” (1990) and “For M. G.” (1991) were the beginnings of a new phase in Ms. Brown’s work after several years of creating muscular, virtuosic pieces.
On Wednesday night, President Obama announced that American troops will soon begin to withdraw, but at a size and pace unlikely to satisfy many Americans.
Yet it is so tough to stop Oregon that Stanford’s best bet may be to just try and keep up.
Duane R. Motley, a Baptist minister, stood in a marble hallway in the Capitol on Thursday, frustrated.
Elimination from three tournaments could, he insists, help clarify matters.
Ms. Wu brought about changes in her own son’s preschool lunches by asking the school to survey other parents.
In the late 1940s, it was rare to find a woman in senior management at an advertising agency.
International THOUSANDS CHIP IN FOR DISSIDENT ARTIST'S FINE In the days since the Chinese government delivered a punitive $2.4 million tax bill to the artist Ai Weiwei, thousands of people have responded by donating money in a gesture that is at once benevolent and subversive.
American intelligence officials say that pressure from the airstrikes has forced small numbers of Haqqani fighters and other militants to slip into other tribal areas, including Kurram and South Waziristan.
David Greising writes a column for the Chicago News Cooperative.
“Tonight, anytime the creases were there, I tried to take advantage of it.” This was not the greatest performance in James’s postseason catalog, just a timely one.
We also had to sponsor a project and run the project, in an entrepreneurial capacity.
“Frankly, we love this tournament, and I’m the first to say it,” Biarritz coach Patrick Lagisquet told the French sports daily L’Équipe this week.
Still, he never made it to the place where his brother died, even though he came frustratingly close in April, when a Colombian Army plane flew him over the jungle where the DC-3 crashed.
Policies here are also important for world oil supplies, as Russia now pumps more oil than Saudi Arabia .
Staying Alive The struggles of a business trying to survive.
“Ara was always singing while washing her paint brushes,” Jarre says.
She had chosen a pair of stilettos for the ceremony but wanted me to find her some comfortable shoes to wear for the dancing afterward.
Ocean Township High School, 550 West Park Avenue.
That, along with a sharply lower reading on a key manufacturing index, sent the Dow Jones industrial average down 280 points, the steepest fall since June 4 of last year.
“He was an intelligent crook.” HealthSouth was founded by Mr. Scrushy and a few friends, going on to become the nation’s largest provider of inpatient rehabilitative services.
This occasions bellows from the construction trades, although I could not help noticing that construction crews in the South Bronx also feature more black and Latino workers than those on many union work sites.
They did help us with the plan for this revolution.” But he added: “The general plan, I should say.
“Anything you can enjoy at home you can enjoy here,” she said.
This weekend, I am attending a lacrosse tournament in Maryland with Sylvia.
Clients of John A. Paulson , the billionaire hedge fund manager, have had a brutal year, absorbing losses of as much as 50 percent.
They are right, and high touch medicine and bundled payments are the best ways to catalyze that change.
Mr. de Mistura, returning from a visit to Mazar-i-Sharif, said there was abundant evidence that agitators deliberately killed the United Nations workers.
“The High Cost of Living,” a somber morality tale set in Quebec, bears all the hallmarks of an uncompromising indie drama: a downbeat scenario, flawed protagonists, a strongly regional inflection.
Several — like Mr. Zaimoglu — still move between the two.
Workers are making do without air-conditioning in the desert and jury-rigging control rooms as best they can under armed protection from militias.
As George Boole put it, “The respective interpretation of the symbols 0 and 1 in the system of logic are Nothing and Universe.” We are so enamored, today, with our information abundance that we want presence all the time.
Robin Perl, stretching in the ninth lane on a clear November afternoon, remembers the old days, when children in swimsuits would spill onto the track and the area was a hot spot for flirting and showing off.
INDIA AND PAKISTAN Continued Conflict or Cooperation?
rules, most all-metal hips don’t have to undergo clinical trials before sale.
Any show whose original writing staff included Al Franken could not be described as fair and balanced, but Bill Clinton and Al Gore (both of whom were played best by the masterly Darrell Hammond) have received as harsh treatment as Republicans have.
Seven locations will open in California and three in the Detroit area; other centers will be unveiled in St. Louis, Newark, Philadelphia and Tucson, among other cities.
Speaking of the person who now holds that civilian position, Richard Daddario , a former federal prosecutor, one wonders if he was not especially fond of the monikers left over from the days of his predecessor, Richard A. Falkenrath , a Harvard lecturer, author and former National Security Council staff member.
At 1 a.m. on Tuesday, the mayor spoke at a hospital where two officers were being treated for bullet wounds, and railed against what he called lax federal laws regulating gun shows.
He gave me that contemptuous look that border guards all seemed to have: “That is the keyboard.
JAMES CAMNER Princeton, N.J., Sept. 12, 2011 To the Editor: The Egyptian government appreciated that universally recognized obligations were insufficient to guarantee the security of the Israeli Embassy and last month built a wall in an effort to provide protection.
Forward Kevin Garnett was out with a strained right calf, an injury sustained Wednesday against Detroit.
She said she also had a cold.
Trivia : Since 1960, 16 receivers have topped 600 yards over a four-game span, most recently Chad Ochocinco in 2006.
Over the past few weeks, the financing requests have been coming in to federal agencies from lawmakers in both parties, according to interviews and Congressional records.
She later co-launched a juvenile bedding company called BananaFish and also served on the board of the Juvenile Products Manufacturing Association.
And it was not the wages we’re paying today.
Mr. Carges said eBay was not yet done building out technologies and buying start-ups.
He is meant to suggest the sort of writer who existed on the periphery of Evelyn Waugh and Graham Greene: Cyril Connolly, Lawrence Durrell and, most explicitly, Mr. Boyd has said, William Gerhardie , a highly acclaimed novelist of the 1920s who greatly influenced better-known peers before dying in utter obscurity a half-century later.
“But unlike the norms in offices, every house I’ve worked in has had different ideas of what I should be paid, how much time off I can have, how much sugar I can put in my tea.
Forever missed and eternally loved.
They come in three varieties and can morph from one form to another as they travel along, an effect Dr. Autiero and his colleagues were trying to observe.
A prominent Sunni leader in Anbar Province, Sheik Ahmed Abu Risha, the leader of the Awakening movement , said in an interview last week that he and other Sunni officials were recently the intended targets of improvised explosive devices on the same road in Abu Ghraib, and he suggested that the Shiite-led police force was complicit.
THE stock market may be closing in on a three-year high but the scars of what happened since early 2008 are still fresh.
The comment was tabloid news, and somehow it got translated back to Manny that his high school coach was telling everyone he was stupid.
If he were running Amnesty International or the Red Cross, I’d be all for him.
Ms. Sohn, a multimedia producer for The Associated Press, followed a friend to an open house at Warehouse 11, a development on Roebling and North 11th Streets.
The first pair of Beats was released in the fall of 2008, about the time the slowing economy went into a tailspin.
“The city punts to the county, the county punts to the state, and the State Legislature has punted.
The body’s screaming neon green paint is offset by matte gray.
Here is the rub: her mother does not have warm feelings for either my husband or me.
There was also fresh tortilla española, piping hot, with thinly sliced potatoes, and a table red wine labeled Gonzalo.
Later that year he married Patricia Elizabeth Tuckwell, with whom he had fathered a son in 1964.
How could the ratings agencies?
A still image can seem fairly commonplace; that is how the world has been portrayed for millenniums.
The Xintang protest apparently sprang from a dispute Saturday night between security officers and two migrant street vendors in an industrial area filled with garment factories, The Associated Press reported.
It thrives in concert spaces that make a point of informality.
Race to the Top is the most meaningful reform of our public schools in a generation.
The typical Zipcar rental costs $8 to $9 an hour.
The end of 2010 was greeted with relief by many media companies.
He sang tenor in the choir at the First Hyde Park Missionary Baptist Church and was so good “he’d have you falling out,” Mr. Bradfield, 44, said.
“A number of proposals have been advanced, and we have to take a close look at what makes the most sense to ensure a fair, open and truly nonpartisan process.” Mr. Koch, who had set a deadline of March 1 for lawmakers to follow through on their pledges, urged legislators to “move quickly” in passing the governor’s bill.
The piece references a Southern black vernacular phrase, “selling wolf tickets,” which refers to someone who makes grand proclamations that do not come to fruition.
“We’re focused on building a new form of entertainment that’s connecting the world through games.” For Zynga, it is a critical step forward as the company considers filing for a public offering, which could come as early as the first quarter of 2012, according to the two people close to the matter.
Not long afterward, Mr. Pell became the director of the BioDesign Studio at Duke.
On Oct. 6, 1981, President Anwar Sadat of Egypt was shot to death by Islamic militants during a military parade.
I’m pretty sure I say this every week, but even though I’m three years removed from college and therefore older than everyone playing college football, I still want to call these kids sir.
; MILESTONE HITS; COMPARING TEAMMATES: Alex Rodriguez has had a different path toward 3,000 hits (he needs 238 more).
A tabloid tidal wave washed over Italy on Tuesday as newspapers published eye-popping wiretapped conversations from a nightclub dancer who said she had dallied with Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi as a minor, but whether it would sweep the wily prime minister out to sea was still anyone’s guess.
In 10 years, no one has been able to replace what Earnhardt brought to the sport.
If Djokovic can beat Federer, he will assure himself of rising to No.
director, previously served as director of the White House budget office and the House budget committee, and was once a moderate Republican.
(I’ll be posting other reports from farmers in New York and Vermont — ( here’s another , from the Intervale Center in Burlington, VT) — as they come in; submissions welcome via mark@markbittman.com .)
It has done wonders for big companies like Calvin Klein, Ralph Lauren and American Apparel and small players like Jean Shop and Save Khaki, all of which have created items that have, in turn, created repeat customers.
WITH: Lubna Azabal (Nawal Marwan), Mélissa Désormeaux-Poulin (Jeanne Marwan), Maxim Gaudette (Simon Marwan), Rémy Girard (Notary Jean Lebel), Abdelghafour Elaaziz (Abou Tarek), Allen Altman (Notary Maddad), Mohamed Majd (Chamseddine), Nabil Sawalha (Fahim) and Baya Belal (Maïka).
He was especially impressive when he led the Philharmonic in a series of School Day concerts in February.
Company executives also looked to address the large marketing budget, which has swelled in the last year, and competitive threats to the business model, including the hundreds of Groupon clones.
She also describes periods of “crippling, unreasoning gloom.” During them, “You experience anxiety at the notion of being face-to-face with your loved ones, because they will read from your dull eyes that which you can no longer hide — that you don’t love them, never will again.” Alan Lightman writes in “ The Accidental Universe ” in Harper’s that the existence of life is so incredibly improbable that there can be only two realistic explanations: Either there is a God who designed all this, or there exist many, many different universes, a vast majority of which are lifeless.
“I’m excited,” said Christensen, who skated in practice with Zuccarello and Sean Avery.
Those original three Billys (as they were called in admiring press coverage) – David Alvarez, Trent Kowalik, and Kiril Kulish – went on to share the Tony Award for best actor in a musical; the production also won for best musical and best director for Stephen Daldry, among other awards.
Her will to move forward was herculean, but her tiny body wasn’t.
Tax increases have been needed to keep the Massachusetts plan afloat.
Jean-Claude Trichet, the president of the European Central Bank, warned earlier this week that the sovereign debt crisis posed a serious threat to the financial stability of Europe.
“I’m very proud of myself because I’ve accomplished something that nobody else has been able to accomplish,” Mr. Trump said.
This parallel is an extremely flawed one: the concept of closure, of letting even ghastly bygones be bygones, runs counter to Aeschylus’s cycle of retribution.
There would be no “touching, feeding, offering drink or disrespecting the centerpiece.” The average crowd at a benefit for the Museum of Contemporary Art here is not necessarily one accustomed to taking direction.
But what struck me is the extent to which the suffering didn’t begin with the slump — many measures of pain were rising right through the “Bush boom”, and have merely continued that rise.
“You can also look at it as a kind of gallows,” she added, “especially in light of the fact that he’s ending his career.” One of the biggest logistical challenges for the show was simply persuading Mr. Cattelan’s collectors, a wealthy and rather powerful group, to lend their expensive prizes to be strung up perilously in the air for almost three months.
But he also pulls off the lead single, “Woo,” a testimonial of the so-bad-but-feels-so-good variety, written with and mainly produced by Kenneth Edmonds, a k a Babyface.
You can bet that at some point on Sunday night, Cam Cameron was watching highlights when he turned to his wife and said: “Like I’ve told you a million times, the Miami fans who booed us back on Draft Day were idiots.
Preferred medium: Oil and bedsheets Current projects: Bleaching drawings/patterns into bedsheets, collage-based paintings Motto: More Color Best thing you’ve seen lately — not your own: Per Kirkeby at Michael Werner Hidden talents: Sometimes not so hidden — playing keys and singing!
One of the oldest and simplest solutions involves a tennis ball, which is taped or sewn into the back of the pajamas to prevent a snorer from rolling onto his or her back at night.
He manages to avoid appearing especially concerned about African-Americans.
To the world — indeed, even to Mr. Zuravel — Ms. Toumei, 46, was Lady Catarina.
Part of it involves Ms. Ricks, the one-time prostituted child, who is now a social worker in San Francisco.
Not only did Joanne subsequently adopt CCC as her own, but she served as a generational bridge for the Rosenwald family and CCC, as Joanne's stepdaughter, Chris Stern Hyman, serves as CCC President today.
Sadly, many politicians, especially in Washington, seem to relish the opportunity to trash government workers.
Let others fret about an understaffed bullpen, a wobbly third baseman or an unsteady rotation.
It added that the risks were rising for implementing borrowing programs from Europe and the International Monetary Fund , given the country’s financing needs and political disagreements over the conditions that Greece’s partners are demanding.
The order to detain him was almost certainly approved by someone at the top level of the government.
And when the game was distilled to the ruthless determination of penalty kicks, Japan remained steadfast while the Americans demonstrated a rare loss of equanimity.
The state’s letter also comes almost a month after a lengthy conference call among E.P.A.
In Los Angeles, Paul Sevigny and André Saraiva opened up a temporary bar called Paul & André in the recently shuttered Cinespace nightclub, just off Hollywood Boulevard.
In Sudan, he said, the rulers “live with the people.” Many Sudanese would disagree with that claim.
As Zerlina and Masetto, Anna Prohaska and Stefan Kocan make an attractive pair of newlyweds, Mr. Kocan’s deep tones reminding one that Mozart wrote Masetto and the Commendatore for the same singer.
Mutual of America will fondly remember Governor Carey for his generous contributions to our Company, through which he provided vital legal, regulatory and administrative expertise while serving as a consultant from 1996 to 2007.
She said she was troubled to hear that courts around the city had not been open and said she planned a review.
Rebel leaders worked over the weekend to quiet the squabbles that had flared up in their ranks after the killing of Gen. Abdul Fattah Younes, who had defected from Colonel Qaddafi’s army in February and become the rebels’ senior military leader.
I DON'T CARE THAT EVERYONE HATES ME.
“This time Rio’s residents are supporting the government, and this didn’t happen in the past,” said Amaury de Souza, a political analyst in Rio.
And in January, Kirin announced a deal to establish a joint venture with China Resources Enterprise, the biggest beer maker in the country, to produce and distribute nonalcoholic beverages in China.
It can be like discerning a single-color Pollock painting.
While Ken Rosenthal writes on Foxsports.com that Riggleman’s frustrations are understandable, he still chose the wrong route.
My phone doubles as my alarm clock so I often sleep with it near my head — often times, it ends up snuggled under the covers with me.
“That’s not why I went into business.” Some of her employees share Ms. Levee’s passion.
However, you may realize you care about them more than you thought you did, and you may also discover how much they care about you.
The debate has been most intense over the share that German taxpayer should pay for others.
Paul’s approach offers conservatives all of that plus a heaping helping of less-government-in-your-life.
Some people plan to develop these projects themselves; others settle into existing developments and try to recruit friends and neighbors to join them.
While the overall lengths of the sedan and hatchback have not changed, the wheelbase is one inch longer.
He said he had never been to São Paulo or Rio de Janeiro, Brazil’s two megacities, but knew he wouldn’t like them from everything he had seen and heard.
Xavi Hernández, the Barça playmaker, expects a hard contest on his 600th match for the club.
Are there thresholds of responsibility, for instance, that can be determined by studying neural circuits?
Of course, what they want this politician to deliver might be a social conservative agenda, but even then, private behavior doesn’t make as much difference as you might think.
The sponsors of the legislation had filed a motion to intervene in the case in order to provide “assistance” to the state in defending the law.
Use our questions for test prep or just for fun.
Earbuds sit somewhat in your ear, but not all the way in.
Any time one claims that a certain speech attempt is not an attempt to assert the truth, but rather an attempt to undermine trust in another party, one is undermining trust.
Only the Fates could compel your local station to deliver “Fresh Is the Word” or “Sucker DJs.” This was before the lords of FM took to bragging “All hip-hop, all the time,” when, outside of the five boroughs, rap was midnight music for the urban avant-garde.
But House Republicans, he added, had voted “to cut the agency’s budget.” Well, yes, in a nutshell, that is the sad story of the food safety law — the first major change in how the government regulates food safety in over 70 years.
“The equipment has become smaller, cheaper, more fungible, more democratic,” Mr. Storyk said.
“They were avoiding us,” he said.
In the video Jay-Z and Mr. West goof around in white T-shirts and jeans and drive around in a filleted Maybach, an inversion of 1990s hip-hop excess.
Some versions of tougher standards have already been abandoned.
Then there’s Boise State, which could be a member of the Big East by the end of this week.
The closings are expected to generate up to $170 million as the company sells inventory.
Alba, Jessica Sues the weight-loss garment, Belly Bandit , for listing her under the “Celebrity Testimonials” section of its Web site.
After a brief appearance before United States Magistrate Judge Robert M. Levy, Ms. Hermon was released on a $100,000 personal recognizance bond.
“It’s always been true – they write on their sneakers and T-shirts.
Justinian I, the Eastern Roman emperor, recaptured territory in northern Africa lost to the Vandals’ invasion, defeating the Vandals in 533 A.D. at the Battle of Tricamarum, near Carthage, and eventually paving the way for Byzantium to win back lost western territories of the Roman Empire.
Consider the Federal Reserve’s experience with the much smaller collection of bad assets it bought from the American International Group.
Running time: 1 hour 30 minutes.
His defection made room for the addition of Isn’t He Perfect in what is expected to be a full field of 14 horses.
Just before the meeting, the company’s chief financial officer, Pete Bocian, resigned.
All medications, particularly those containing controlled substances, should be required to meet the rigorous criteria of the Food and Drug Administration approval process .
The airstrikes, aimed at militant bases, focused on the mountainous Qandil, Hakurk, Avasin-Basyan, Zap and Metina regions, the statement posted on the military headquarters’ Web site said.
7 OKLAHOMA STATE AT NO.
In the case of the house facing Ms. Huey’s apartment, which was in preforeclosure as of September, city officers struggled for months to locate the owner.
“We love the governor here,” Mr. Rabideau said the other day as his deputy mayor, Jeff Branch, piloted a pontoon boat up Lake Flower, the first in a series of interlinking lakes in the area that are bordered by dense foliage and hidden-away lake houses, or camps as they are known in upstate parlance.
The dream of prevention is also at play in “Person of Interest,” a series set in the very real world of present-day New York, where a remnant device of a post-9/11 counterintelligence effort is being deployed to stop murders from happening as they are being planned.
Mr. Bloomberg has said he has no regrets about his having sought a third term.
The sweet serenity of that pristine lace dress is a far cry from the work shown in the exhibition, which celebrates McQueen’s wild, unfettered and dark imagination: gothic Victoriana, dresses tufted with blood-red feathers, decorated with dying flowers or rattling with clamshells.
PHOTOS: FOR ROCHAS: Marco Zanini and a spring look.
“The politicians in Madrid who consider my views on youngsters occasionally dealing drugs to be those of a caveman either don’t understand or don’t care about how much people are struggling here.” Responding by e-mail to questions about the mayor’s views, the Spanish Labor Ministry said it was deeply concerned about the level of youth unemployment, but that “we cannot start to give value to individual opinions that do not add anything constructive.” Mr. Quirós said that the drug activity had revived in the area since the start of the crisis, although it remained below what it was a decade ago.
Reporting a story on the drug trade between North Korea and China, I spoke with dozens of sources: defectors, academics, policemen and even one North Korean crystal meth dealer, and I heard estimates that anywhere from zero to 50 percent of the population have tried the drug.
Yet Schwitzgebel argues that brain differences, even if they exist, are probably beside the point.
“The Austrian Embassy is helping us,” said Danny Washington, 25, from Mannheim, Germany, whose commercial flight had been canceled the day before.
MARGARET KOWALSKY Bryn Mawr, Pa., July 11, 2011 To the Editor: Most of us would like to control the timing and circumstances of our deaths.
Since then, some Misuratans have made a mission of revenge as Tawergans have sought safety in other cities.
Only bold and genuine change can do that.
They are from her second marriage, not her first.
3: X-Watch, described by the maker as “initially inspired from a concrete mixer,” shows its mechanism in reverse and has an articulated X-shaped “bonnet,” activated by four push-pieces, that partly covers its face.
Have we seen large, joint, sophisticated exercises?
Cornell officials revealed in 2007 that he had given some $600 million to the university over the years, yet nothing on its Ithaca campus — where he graduated from the School of Hotel Management in 1956 — bears Mr. Feeney’s name.
“I didn’t write it after all.” The book tells the story of a fictional presidential campaign, with the requisite elements of spin rooms, campaign buses, negative advertisements and swing states.
Strickland said he enjoyed playing near home.
“Bomb these American Federal Buildings and American INFRASTRUCTURE BUILDINGS and KILL as many FBI, CIA, DNI and NSA PSYCHOPATHS as possible,” the messages say.
Mr. Raoufi no longer wears socks.
There were also more clashes between security forces and protesters on Sunday and Monday in the city of Taiz.
I’m sure they are thinking this will lead to other invitations and travel, if things go well.” Events in which Cuban artists are involved are contingent on their getting approval to leave their country and visas to travel to the United States.
“When I was a legislator, I once put in a bill 13 years before I got it passed,” said Daniel L. Feldman, an associate professor of public management at John Jay College of Criminal Justice and a former New York State assemblyman, who supports tighter gun laws.
“I didn’t like Sanullim’s unique amateurism,” Mr. Go said, “but I was impressed by their attempts at different genres, especially psychedelic rock.” It was an interest shared by several BGBG bands, such as Broccoli You Too?, Nine and the Numbers — who were co-founders of the label and fellow Seoul National students — and Chang Kiha.
She arrived at lunch early, seemingly without makeup, and immediately started talking about her dog, Paco, a rescued cross-breed that has appeared in Old Navy commercials.
As the slugger tried for a tag, Betemit ran into his glove hand, and Pujols went to the ground in pain.
Most of the professors would be regular N.Y.U.
“He was saying, ‘Oh, you might regret it.
Mr. Simon said: “We have quite a few American examiners already.
So I tell kids: “You know, I think you’re pretty cool.
You want us, a bunch of risk-averse studio executives who love nothing more than a sequel, to bet on a movie that starts out as a political drama, turns into a five-alarm romance and is suffused with science fiction?
Two other men were given 19-year prison terms.
So when Mr. Perry presents himself as the candidate who knows how to create jobs, don’t believe him.
4:12 p.m. | Updated It was rejected by History and several other television networks, but now the mini-series “The Kennedys” has a new television backer, the ReelzChannel.
Citi and Wells Fargo recently began testing credit cards with the security chip, while JPMorgan Chase will begin issuing the cards in the United States in June, initially to frequent overseas travelers.
On May 9, 1862, Hunter, now in command of the Department of the South, issued General Order No.
Son of Casimir de Rham and Lucy (Patterson) de Rham, of Tuxedo Park, "Casie" descended from Henri Casimir de Rham, first Swiss Consul (1822) to the United States, and John Motley Morehead, Governor of North Carolina, 1841-1845.
The Season 3 debut episode, in which Nicole Polizzi (alias Snooki), Mike Sorrentino (aka the Situation) and their catchphrase-coining pals returned to their abode in Seaside Heights, N.J., saw a ratings increase of 63 percent over the Season 2 premiere in July (when the orange-skinned cast traveled to Miami) and 36 percent over that season’s finale in October.
Tony La Russa said before the game that the Cards’ defense was much improved from earlier this year, and we just saw a little bit of that.
Mr. White cited shareholder value in making the announcement.
The city’s Conflicts of Interest Board fined the Brooklyn borough president, Marty Markowitz, $20,000 on Monday for accepting free travel expenses for his wife on three overseas business trips.
Washing up in Angela’s loft in East Los Angeles, Bill is seduced by her devotion to the poor and dislike of clothing.
My hot dog is halal.
NASA said on Tuesday that it was abandoning efforts to get back in touch with Spirit, one of the two rovers on Mars.
The magazine had a somewhat strait-laced view of grammatical rules (and other things — for years the two women addressed each other as Miss Bishop and Mrs. White).
I got a job at a major bank in the city as a secretary.
“I think he wants to go into a good situation,” McCabe said in a telephone interview.
A third said, “That is one face I will never forget.” A fourth allowed for a glimmer of doubt: “This is the man, or it is his twin brother.” In November, the Supreme Court will return to the question of what the Constitution has to say about the use of eyewitness evidence.
I sublet my spare bedroom for a few days each a month on a vacation rental Web site to help me pay my rent.
The S.E.C.’s agreement to dismiss its administrative case and instead pursue the matter only in a civil proceeding before Judge Jed S. Rakoff of the United States District Court in Manhattan will make the admissibility of that wiretap evidence crucial, if it decides to move forward.
Devoted mother of Barbara Bergstein (Orin) and Bruce and Mary Rabiner.
On one of the sharpest exchanges of the night, on the Middle East, Mr. Gingrich stood his ground and said he was describing the Palestinian liberation movement as a historian, and that as a “Reaganite,” he was proud to speak his mind.
He won the Santa Anita Derby on Saturday with Midnight Interlude, a colt that stepped up to win a $1 million Grade I race after breaking his maiden last month.
Now the size of the work force is leveling off.
This experience and the completion of it has pushed me.
All told, bank stocks have fallen more than 30 percent since the beginning of the year — and have swung wildly up and down over the last week — as the weakening economy is expected to take a toll on business and reduce earnings.
But while a takeover seemed unthinkable during previous debates, the prospects for a RIM deal may be less distant in the current environment.
One hundred years ago, during the last great American conniption over immigration, the United States government went to unheard-of effort and expense to peer deep into the bubbling melting pot to find out, as this paper put it, “just what is being melted.” A commission led by Senator William Dillingham, a Republican of Vermont, spent four years and $1 million on the project.
The bridegroom’s mother, who is retired, was an art teacher and also taught kindergarten at Cumming Elementary School.
The loss of a spouse often is crushing for men physically as well as psychologically.
Republican legislators pressed the Obama administration on Wednesday to remove an Iranian opposition group known as the M.E.K.
There was great pressure on Mr. Giannoulias, then the state treasurer.
This has also become the approach of many national parks .
Ms. Hewlett learned Monday that her son’s assessment, which appeared in the district’s electronic records system, showed that the meeting had taken place.
The column did not mention the damage that the rule would do to homeownership for the masses.
In one — titled “Do Women Have to be Naked to Get into the Met.
Mr. Obama said Wednesday that he would reject such efforts, though he stopped short of an explicit veto threat.
Activists also said that at least eight soldiers were killed in al-Kiswah and Zabadani, two suburbs of Damascus, the capital, for refusing to fire at protesters.
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy, meeting with one of the Libyan rebel officials, joined other leaders in offering to aid the nascent government, promising to unfreeze roughly $500 million.
“Yes, I was shaken and nervous — all of those feelings go through you,” Al Jones said.
The note attached read: ''Stop feeling like a mule and pick CSFB.''
Staalstraat 7b; 011-31-20-523-5059; droog.com .
“This is the way I garden,” she said with a laugh.
All but two senators running in competitive races — Ben Nelson, Democrat of Nebraska, and Dean Heller, Republican of Nevada — voted for the bill.
“We’ve got to rebuild our credibility,” he told The Sunday Telegraph in an interview.
There have been no known specific or credible threats received since American troops killed Osama bin Laden this week, but on Tuesday security at public spaces — including mosques, synagogues, train stations and basketball arenas — remained at elevated levels.
Kodak offers home wireless capabilities in four of its five printers, starting at $130.
I’m not saying that I went out and acted on it right away, but there were certainly strong ideas in my head.
Donna Karan recently issued a weighty jersey “infinity dress,” which transforms from a cap-sleeve sheath to a halter dress or one-shoulder gown.
He was a truly good man, but at home he was part bully and I hated that in him.
He spoke in an optimistic tone and even briefly translated the college’s traditional Gamecock chant — “Go, fight, win!” — into Mandarin Chinese.
Meanwhile, Norma Kamali presented her collection as a 3-D film, with all the guests wearing those little cardboard glasses.
As regulators try to untangle the books, customers, whose accounts were frozen on Monday, are waiting to get their money back.
Services are being handled by The Goldstein Funeral Chapel, Inc., Edison, NJ.
When I was appointed, there was a selection process, a competition.
His turf, Maricopa County, with 3.8 million residents, is one of the country’s largest counties in terms of both area and population.
In July, Zynga lost a bid for PopCap, a mobile game company.
By then, Mr. Cordray was already known for his aggressive streak.
She spends part of her vacation contemplating God, imagining a benevolent female being who, if Alice were in charge, would live in the ocean and be named Junonia.
Mr. Mills insisted that the hotel was not a charity, which would insult the independence of the guests.
“Instead, they direct their resources, which include lieutenants, sergeants and police officers, to effectively address crime and quality-of-life conditions.” But one commander who has spent time at the protests said there were moments when commanders must act: “Any lieutenant or above can say, ‘Officer, arrest those three right there,’ but in the meantime, if you are standing near someone and they should be arrested, grab them.
Innovations can be technological, as in the design of cheap water filters or cleaner, more efficient cook stoves.
Plan to spend some time along the island’s southern end, where four of Mr. di Suvero’s best sculptures engage the waterfront and one another in invigorating ways.
“You guys had a nice run,” V.C.U.’s Ed Nixon quoted Marcus or Markieff Morris — the twins are practically identical , so no one was quite sure — saying.
Mr. Akiyama, who attended the advanced senior management program at Insead, a business school in Fontainebleau, France, this past July, said he was eager to apply what he learned back in Tokyo.
In 2009, the number of registered foreigners here fell for the first time since the government started to track annual records almost a half-century ago, shrinking 1.4 percent from a year earlier to 2.19 million people — or just 1.71 percent of Japan’s overall population of 127.5 million.
I’ve noted that Tyler Cowen and others seem, mysteriously, to believe that any uptick in Irish GDP somehow refutes Keynesian analysis; I’ve been seeing a lot of similar stuff about the Baltic nations, whose experience is supposed to prove that austerity works.
Friday, Saturday, Tuesday and Wednesday from noon to 6 p.m. and Monday and Thursday from noon to 8 p.m., New York Public Library for the Performing Arts, 111 Amsterdam Avenue, at 65th Street, Lincoln Center, (917) 275-6975, nypl.org/lpa ; free.
MOST married couples will tell you that the things they hold in common helped cement their relationships.
This case is really going to test whether the chapter can hold up to hard-ball modern finance.
“Gnomeo and Juliet“ (Walt Disney Studios), with Elton John songs, was third with about $25.5 million, benefiting from a lack of animated competition in the marketplace and a hefty marketing campaign.
You know, write what you know.” There is, of course, an alternate ending for Mr. Desiato’s career-building attempts, and Alternate Realities figures into it: “The big joke with the guys at the shop is that I’ll graduate from law school and then I can buy the comic book store.”
Bookie's legacy as a champion for social justice and Jewish values is a blessing to our nation.
It also helps explain why her fashion designs, now sold in 100 stores around the world, have been so successful.
Economists are not the only ones who can read the UBS research — business people do, too.
DON CELL, CEDAR RAPIDS, IOWA Suffering a loss like that, then getting a bill you could not anticipate, is adding insult to injury in an uncommonly literal way.
“In this life it’s not hard to do wrong,” he said.
“The Art of Shirley Winthrope Rivo,” exhibition of photography and paintings.
“He’s not the perfect fit for the D’Antoni style in a lot of ways.” Gallinari was an energetic defender and Chandler was the Knicks’ best post defender, a role that is now unfilled.
“When you think about the fact that we have 7 million Facebook fans already and we’re debuting on the biggest social network, we think the result is going to be an incredibly successful experience,” Mr. Buchanan said.
“Let’s put it this way,” said John Dennis, a host of a popular morning sports talk-radio show on WEEI in Boston.
",height:320},{credit:"Piotr Redlinski for The New York Times",width:481,url:"https://static01.nyt.com/images/2011/03/11/nyregion/20110311Nocturnalist/20110311Nocturnalist-custom6.jpg",caption:"The stage of the Howard Gilman Opera House was filled with tables for the party.
The commanders emphatically reasserted the goal of independence, and at the end of the video joined in traditional ETA rallying cries delivered with clenched-fist salutes.
Malaria parasites inevitably become resistant to every new drug, so the foundation is interested in new ways to kill them.
Navy gained 46 yards on its first four plays after the return before quarterback Kriss Proctor spun into the end zone from 2 yards, giving Navy back the lead at 21-14 only 2:17 into the second half.
Now it’s the algorithms running the E.T.F.’s.”
But somebody at Apple took them seriously enough to write a complete, elegant and thoughtful feature that takes down most of the barriers to using an app phone.
A number of them have been previously made public.
And unlike its approach with Buzz, which was tested only by Google employees before its broad introduction to the public, Google is calling Google+ a project, as a way to emphasize that it is not a final product.
Waiting for the Maison Martin Margiela show this afternoon, I was horrified, and slightly entertained, to hear the tale of Drew Elliott’s amazing adventure ride into Paris from the airport that morning.
BEN BRANTLEY PHOTO: Kevin Spacey in ''Richard III'' at the Old Vic in London.
To do any of this effectively, the Pentagon will also need a major change in culture and procedure.
He has made geometric patterns with it.
As a result, the smartphone is going to be the hub for our information sharing and gathering.
(J.C.) CMJ MUSIC MARATHON For five frantic days and nights of showcases, including plenty of free ones, clubs and halls and pop-up performing spaces in Manhattan and Brooklyn will hold hopefuls, up-and-comers, serious contenders, regroupers and rebounders, all eager to be noticed.
And each has a distinctive visual and aural stamp.
In the Reader view, you can zoom in and out of the page, e-mail it or print it in its simplified form using controls that appear on screen when you move the cursor over the page.
Abdel Aziz al-Hilu, a rebel leader, said this week that his forces, which have been on the defensive against the Sudanese Army, were gaining recruits, preparing to go on the offensive and would “continue until we reach Khartoum,” the Sudanese capital.
Climate change, or global warming, has become a hot topic on the presidential campaign trail.
Professor Rhodes argues that this sort of information will deserve the same protection as information about our own genes.
Many of the new buildings, hobbled by slow sales in 2008 and 2009, had to reduce prices drastically.
Nancy Morawetz, of the Immigrant Rights Clinic at the New York University School of Law, which represents Mr. Azam, said, “This just lifts an enormous burden.” The Manhattan borough president, Scott M. Stringer, who took up Mr. Azam’s cause, said work still remained.
ELEVEN MADISON PARK 11 Madison Avenue, at 24th Street, Chelsea; (212) 889-0905, elevenmadisonpark.com .
But after Sept. 11, that changed.” Indeed, members of both the older and the young generation in Little Egypt said that anti-Muslim sentiment after Sept. 11, even in its generally muted and subtle state in New York, had made them cleave more strongly to their ethnic identities, even as they felt deeply American.
And I liked the disorienting aspects, like a scene where characters are screaming in Arabic and the American soldiers, like the audience, is submerged into the chaos over there.” So far Mr. Williams appears to be paying off as a draw.
In these scenarios, Andrew Whitworth , who overachieved as a stellar left tackle, moved to the right tight end position.
(Opens Thursday): 194 Avenue A (12th Street); (212) 533-5436 .
That was done to create a level playing field with General Motors, which sold off its captive car-finance company.
The Federal Reserve can open its discount window to European banks or, as it has already done, it can use foreign exchange lines.
“From here on, you are shooting with real bullets.”
The 85-year-old New Yorker had cryosurgery and continues to follow Dr. Katz’s recommendations, so far with no evidence of cancer recurrence or spread.
“These are really not much more than educated guesses and yet the marketplace puts enormous weight on them because financial markets are high-frequency trading places based on immediate data,” said Madeline Schnapp, director of macroeconomic research at TrimTabs Investment Research.
The officials said that a low number would be 3,000 to 5,000 troops departing in July.
A SINGULAR WOMAN: The Untold Story of Barack Obama’s Mother , by Janny Scott (Riverhead, $26.95.)
Mahzu Japanese Restaurant , where the all-you-can-eat special is offered on Sundays for $19.99, is an exception.
It has been a sign of status, he said, that Europeans had to go to New York to shop at Abercrombie or Tommy Hilfiger.
But will it happen in concert with the major cable and satellite distributors, or in spite of them?
They insisted on looking through his library, in his bedroom; Saleh woke his wife and asked her to leave the room.
A force in advertising's creative revolution, Phyllis was an unabashed champion of creative freedom and room to breathe.
In 2007, a special team was formed to combat fraud in Medicare, the federal program that helps provide health care for older people.
“I am not going to change a word, because the only way it will get evaluated is if people hear it as it is,” he said.
The mayor cannot renegotiate current pension deals, but he wants to stop paying holiday bonuses of $12,000 each year to police and fire retirees at a cost of $200 million per year.
I was here at our offices until after midnight getting all the calls and things sorted out for today’s practice.” But according to Kreutz, Tice makes the work in practice seem less like drudgery.
For starters, Europe is hard to avoid — stocks there account for around a quarter of the world’s total market capitalization.
It can be a little unsettling for some callers to have a robot greet them.
''They both have advantages and disadvantages.''
It is also a horror movie, with disaster lurking like an unseen demon outside the skyscraper windows and behind the computer screens.
In 2001, Major League Baseball issued figures suggesting that it had incurred losses of $232 million before interest and taxes; Forbes’s independent estimates instead suggested that the league had made a profit of $127 million.
This homely man seemed graced with none of the rustic frontier charm they had hoped for, the sort that had so endeared Monsieur Franklin to his Parisian hosts almost a century earlier.
To keep the operating budget balanced and to deal with a $9 billion gap in the capital plan over the next three years, the authority plans to borrow heavily.
But the bank did not buy bonds of Italy and Spain, two countries with huge bond markets and now seen as most vulnerable in the region.
The bridegroom’s father is a senior partner in Foley Hoag, the Boston law firm.
The first time he tried to talk to his three children about their estate it was awkward.
A Duncan trademark in this high period is the presence of something a little off, something unconventional — like the Alfalfa look — but with no apparent intent of being unconventional.
Rooney wore stretch pants beneath his shorts, often worn by players coming into a game with a groin or hamstring strain.
The concert opened with “Die Laterne,” which Ursula Mamlok wrote in 1988 to one of the Albert Giraud “Pierrot” poems not set by Schoenberg.
Often, such investors simply want the perks of ownership, like access to suites and the team’s players.
"I’ve been a little surprised that they’re willing to pay so much for it,” Mr. Ryan said, “but it’s good quality.” In Northern California, a new brand called Flasq has been selling chardonnays and merlots in aluminum bottles.
“Nobody is left for President Karzai, nobody is left supporting him,” said Mir Wali, a candidate from Helmand Province who was disqualified at the last minute and is a prominent figure in the province.
Three other fairs are on a Thursday-through-Sunday schedule.
“The effect has been to tie the Senate in knots and it creates a spectacle,” said Senator Mark Udall, the Colorado Democrat who sought to end the practice.
Go with it and know that because you care about it, the colleges will too, whether they term it “political action” or “community service” or something else entirely.
The new rule also bars firms from using client money so that one arm of the company can lend to another, a transaction known as an in-house repurchase agreement.
“But for the Irish people, it’s not paying off.” There are signs of improvement.
Rick Dreiling, the chief executive of Dollar General, the largest chain, with more than 9,500 stores, calls this idea the New Consumerism.
Ms. Tymoshenko, who was convicted in October of overstepping her authority while negotiating a gas contract, had boycotted the appeal, which her lawyers called a farce.
“You can put those idiot Suede comparisons away now,” the music magazine NME wrote.
who is based in Milwaukee.
Most of Mr. Forstmann’s philanthropy centered on children.
I haven’t been able to find anything remotely like it here, but I’d like to try!
Mitt Romney said Thursday on a radio program that “if I were president today, I wouldn’t be looking to go spend 10 days on Martha’s Vineyard.” Mr. Romney added: “Now, Martha’s Vineyard is in my home state of Massachusetts, so I don’t want to say anything negative about people vacationing there.
With Vick ailing, Young had taken all the snaps in practice.
It’s among the skills that employers now covet the most, along with experience in mobile apps, the Android operating system and Twitter, according to Indeed.com data.
You can also set that song as your ringtone, or, if you’re feeling psychedelic, watch a dynamic graphical interpretation of the song.
The center’s peer-reviewed findings of C.T.E.
Wars are messy business, and the international effort to keep Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi’s forces from slaughtering Libyan rebels and civilians is proving no exception.
Blake, 37, was injured Saturday while bunting.
Mr. Worley remained at his law firm in Boston.
posted edited video of the scene from the evening until after dusk as the police moved in and crowds thinned: The crowds dispersed after the first round of tear gas but soon returned in similar numbers, according to protesters on the scene.
Doctors may prescribe intravenous fluid or supplements if the patient has become dehydrated.
Damaris Solis Padilla, whose daughter is in the ninth grade, said that she thought Dr. Maldonado-Rivera’s firing had been unfair, but that she was ready to move on.
He’s the author of a new book called “ Epic Win for Anonymous: How 4chan’s Army Conquered the Web .” He discussed with me what it’s like exploring the seedy underbelly of the Internet, the rise of Anonymous , and why it and 4chan, widely considered one of the darkest and most subversive corners of the Internet , may be one of the most important and influential creations to emerge from the modern Web.
At a certain point, they need to do their job.
He sums up his fellow pinup boys.
“So I have several young people trained to do this work that’s not even realistic.” Even when there are job opportunities, many employers are more eager to hire women than men.
Almost $300 million was withdrawn from China-focused funds in the last week, according to Citi.
It will raise the water level between one and two feet above normal high tides for many areas on the Atlantic coast.
Mr. Kaplan has set up a functioning mesh network in Vienna and says related systems have operated in Venezuela, Indonesia and elsewhere.
Additionally, Mr. Shelor and the Lonesome River Band will perform with Mr. Martin on “Late Show With David Letterman” on Nov. 3.
Rafael Nadal’s Uncle Toni sometimes appears to be signaling like a third-base coach.
Now it’s all coming to an end.
In addition to his son Stephen, of Manhattan, the founder and artistic director of the Mendelssohn Project, Mr. Somary is survived by his wife, Anne; another son, Geoffrey, of Arlington Heights, Ill.; a daughter, Karen Somary Healy of Hastings-on-Hudson, N.Y.; a brother, Wolfgang, of Zurich; a sister, Maria Twaalfhoven of Hilversum, the Netherlands; and seven grandchildren.
WHERE else have there been recent cheating scandals?
I walk into the garden expecting to see the White Rabbit nibbling the cilantro and screaming “Off with his head!” I might like that.
Mr. Lichtman’s prediction is based on his 1984 book “The Keys to the White House” .
“I’ve just been fired.” With those four words, Yahoo ’s chief executive, Carol A. Bartz , did something Tuesday afternoon that dismissed managers almost never do: She told the truth.
The liquor store guy came bearing a bottle of wine.
Students: Tell us how far you think responsibility extends for leaders like Joe Paterno.
It’s expensive and time-consuming, but it is the sort of evidence-gathering that is almost always done to see if a new drug is effective, Dr. Hayes noted.
Security measures at airports, and local police efforts like those of the New York Police Department’s counterterrorism unit, have made it a lot harder for Al ­Qaeda to wage attacks on American soil.
“On the economic side, there are businesspeople who think they will gain from Myanmar opening up to the rest of the world in terms of a better business environment,” she said.
A two-time winner of the Group 1 Cox Plate in Australia, So You Think came to Ireland for the 2011 season, where he most recently won the Irish Champion Stakes on Sept. 3.
This year’s lineup includes directors like Takashi Miike, Tsui Hark and Na Hong-jin that any highfalutin festival would be happy to recruit.
He will miss at least a month and a half of the season to recover from the injury, which occurred in an off-ice training session in Winnipeg.
That's what I told her.
Prince was, in essence, proposing to replace the spy agency’s own in-house paramilitary force, the Special Activities Division.
It’s finer than human hair.
Even conservatives — an “awful lot of them” — listen to NPR, said Senator Saxby Chambliss, a Republican of Georgia, in a recent interview .
And one can only imagine the degree to which Sherman dismayed others serving under him.
Forget what the “experts” are saying about this spring being a bunk one for bluebonnets due to a lack of rain.
And Union Square Cafe went on to critical and popular acclaim.
Beyond a commitment to continue talking, the meeting between Mr. Gates and General Liang on Monday appeared to produce little of substance, said Huang Jing, a visiting professor and expert on China’s military and leadership at the National University of Singapore.
Barbara Pinsak, the superintendent, said that while some parents supported the school closings, others questioned why it was taking so long to reopen.
Foreign Minister Hector Timerman said Argentina would file an official protest in Washington and ask for a joint investigation into why the Air Force attempted to violate Argentine law by sending “material camouflaged inside an official shipment from the United States,” the ministry said in a news release.
Or what about the all-American Iowa farm girl of Grant Woods’s “American Gothic”?
Here the figures provided by the U.N. do not show any reverse trend.
When he got out of high school, he once told The Times, he hustled essentially worthless rings he bought from a friend who worked at a jewelry store.
(Scott) ★ ‘The Future’ (R, 1:31) Miranda July, a surrealist for a drab, literal age, combines piquant observations of the emotional lives of the not-quite-young with imaginative inventions that are at once whimsical and perfectly serious.
The club’s reggaetón blares day and night.
Major dance companies have already begun to express interest in performing on the Koch Theater’s storied stage — once the province of the choreographer George Balanchine — particularly since the hall was recently renovated.
“These people live here,” Ms. Lauria said.
The Shabab are often referred to as the Somali Taliban, sawing off thieves’ hands, stoning adulterers and even yanking out people’s teeth, saying gold fillings are un-Islamic.
If the first was about politics, this was theological.
(Yes, they are named after who you think.)
Katherine Baicker — one of the authors and a Harvard economist who served in President George W. Bush’s administration — wrote the following to me, via e-mail: There has been a great deal of uncertainty about how much of a difference Medicaid makes to enrollees.
She had no idea who he was, so she said nothing to acknowledge him.
“In each company that I’ve gone to run, that’s always been the same question,” Mr. Morris said.
$300,000 305 East 40th Street, The Hamilton 450-sq.-ft. studio co-op in a postwar building; 24-hr.
She questioned whether her re-election would be complicated if the convention were held in St. Louis.
In this context, the defense lawyers argued that the officers on trial should be looked upon as heroes.
Wind your way down the steep wooden staircases to Diaz Beach, a partly hidden cove on the sea.
Ruth Lande Shuman, Founder and President
Even five years ago, blaufränkisch wines were not easy to find in the United States, and the ones I found I didn’t like much.
scores with four minutes left it leaves enough time for Georgia to score and then the Gamecocks to score again with no time left.
But what happens if it uses less battery to have two processors working at half power than a single processor at full power?
“The president did take very seriously his reputation for following what he said, so he was very reluctant to change his opinion unless he was very convinced.” Health insurers also insisted on a mandate, as did the Democrats who controlled Congress.
ROMERA The setting for a $245, 11-course tasting menu by Miguel Sanchez Romera, a neurologist and chef from Barcelona whose “neuro-gastronomy” will be a first for New York, is pristine white, with some herbs in planters.
Half of the houses were demolished — splintered to bits or sunk in — and a quarter were badly damaged.
Her parents, who divorced when she was a girl, were well-to-do.
For Cain, common sense has come close to a mantra, one that is regularly repeated by his fans as well.
He would not discuss Mr. McConnell’s reaction.
A Denver hedge fund manager pleaded guilty on Friday afternoon to insider trading charges.
Security screening has vastly improved, but it is far more difficult for foreign travelers and immigrants to come here.
With the potential for the former archrivals on Haitian soil and the country already reeling from a political crisis it hoped to dispel with a peaceful election, Mr. Aristide’s return generated furious diplomatic negotiation, with the United States pressing for a delay in his arrival until after the election.
“This is a victory for national security whistle-blowers,” said Jesselyn A. Radack, a former Justice Department official who works at the Government Accountability Project , a group that has helped represent Mr. Drake.
Fuel subsidies are important since the cost of diesel is a critical part of the calculus of how long a boat can remain at sea and remain profitable, and boats that remain at sea longer are more likely to overfish.
“We have not made a decision about what action or actions to take with regard to over-the-counter products,” Dr. Kweder told a news conference.
15 Jim Thome, Minnesota, became the eighth player to hit 600 career home runs.
Eight out of 10 bond dealers say there will be no hike, while most economists expect the central bank to increase key policy rates (Mint) as inflation remains persistently high.
The Kawarau Bridge site is fairly developed now, with a large modernist structure atop one bank housing a bungee museum and a cafe, set between walls of stone tumbling down to the turquoise river, interrupted only by the occasional hardy tree.
In part because of the high default rates at the for-profit colleges, the department recently adopted regulations designed to curb recruiting abuses, and cut off eligibility for federal aid at programs that leave students with high debt loads and poor job prospects.
He graduated from St. Francis College in Brooklyn.
(Saturday through Monday, 3 to 8 p.m., 381 North Broadway, Route 9, Sleepy Hollow, N.Y., 914-631-8200, hudsonvalley.org .
“They think they’re going on the road and doing the hottest workout in fitness.” “Things just run in cycles in this industry, and this seems like the latest and hot thing,” says Jeffrey Potteiger, an exercise scientist at Grand Valley State University in Grand Rapids, Mich.
I love cornerback Cortland Finnegan.
In that role, Mr. Rove is serving as the principal surrogate for the so-called “Republican establishment,” trying to steer the party toward victory above all else.
With one notable exception — the Spanish-language network Univision — Friday is, after Saturday, the weakest night for every broadcast network and many cable networks, especially those that appeal to younger viewers (like MTV , Disney Channel, and Comedy Central ).
In 2008, Mr. Kroll resigned as chairman and made an unsuccessful bid to buy his old company back.
She and cast members described her new film as stemming from the same humanitarian impulse.
At the Ristorante Monumento (Piazza Umberto I, 8; 39-06- 565-0021; ristorantemonumento.it ), look for dishes like fritto misto, a fried seafood combination, 12 euros.
If you got behind the right people, you would do well.
While the middle-aged alumni, some of whom haven’t touched an instrument in decades, face the daunting task of whipping themselves into performance shape, their spirited interviews bless the day Prof chose a hometown girl and a high school gig over a blossoming musical career.
32 seed, on Centre Court.
1 overall pick who has overcome multiple injuries to validate his coach’s trust in him.
The concept for Diaspora* (the asterisk represents a seed from a dandelion seed head) struck a chord.
Devoted mother of Rachel Karen and Deanna Beth.
Arnold Heertje, a board member, prominent Dutch economist and public figure known for his polemic stances, asked a local contractor, Rob van der Leij, to build the metal structure, which had been designed by a third party.
“Ian Tomlinson’s death must not join that list,” she said.
At 8 and 10:30 p.m., Blue Note, 131 West Third Street, Greenwich Village, (212) 475-8592, bluenote.net ; $35 cover at tables, $20 at the bar, with a $5 minimum.
After “six months of foot-stamping,” he was eventually granted an audience with the king, in the company of the deputy chief of protocol.
Like the work of the photographer Edward Burtynsky — whose haunting images of industrial sites are the subject of Jennifer Baichwal’s 2006 documentary, “Manufactured Landscapes” — Mr. Park’s film is the vivid record of a complex reality.
“The woman, though, told the villager ‘it’s not him’ and let him go.” In January, China Daily highlighted the need for better protection for Good Samaritans in China with an anecdote: After falling in a downtown street and lying on the cold pavement, face down, for half an hour, during which no passers-by moved to help him, an 83-year-old man died.
Andrea Saul, a spokeswoman for Mr. Romney, said, “This was a typical market deal.
Thanks to the existence of this USB transmitter, the Central Station works with any laptop on earth, not just Samsung’s.
Among its numerous iterations : a pornography house, an art-house movie theater and home to two national cinema chains.
But the man at the front of the line didn’t buy her album.
But the Red Sox lost that game, 1-0.
Call to Action has also focused on protecting church workers, citing cases of Catholic employees’ being dismissed for holding views contrary to Vatican orthodoxy or belonging to organizations like Planned Parenthood deemed unacceptable by the hierarchy.
I’m just a softie.” Plus, he’d had a lot of broken hearts and disappointing relationships.
Sexual assault is rampant in our jails and prisons.
Earlier installments in his symphony cycle capture his fascinations with mortality and the afterlife, as well as purely autobiographical anguish.
Final assembly of the trucks will occur in the Bronx.
But I AM worried about political ill will, notably in the U.S.
“Our job,” Mr. Schlusche said, “is to make the terrain speak for itself.”
What kind of problem is this?’ ” said Philip J. Kellman, a psychologist at the University of California, Los Angeles .
“The politics are overruling the technical arguments.” The Nuclear Equation Germany’s planners believed they could forgo nuclear energy in large part because of the country’s remarkable progress in renewable energy, which now accounts for 17 percent of its electricity output, a number the government estimates will double in 10 years.
But with interest rates already low, it isn’t certain how much this might help the economy, though proponents of more action by the Fed argue that this is better than not trying.
Also, our Asia assets remain one of our top priorities and we continue to work well with the teams there.
A short man with a pencil-thin beard, Mr. Weston seems a rather unlikely candidate for having a working relationship with the Police Department, even an informal one.
One farming family described how the local government had seized its land.
Students: Tell us how, if at all, you think schools should re-imagine the school day, and what is taught and assessed during it, to take advantage of students’ “digital prowess” and teach toward the careers of the future.
My mom started college in her 40s and graduated magna cum laude at 50.
These pitchmen — because they’re so good?
The London Stock Exchange and TMX abandoned the merger when it was apparent that they would not get the required two-thirds majority of shareholder votes.
It applies to public schools, and portions of it apply to public colleges.
You have lots of spaces here that would be enhanced by photographs of old farms and old tractors and old boats.
Wednesdays through Sundays, noon to 4 p.m. Bush-Holley Historic Site, 39 Strickland Road.
Six of the 11 have never taught.
The Afghan attorney general has sent the names of several people accused in the scheme to defraud Kabul Bank of hundreds of millions of dollars to the Afghan courts for trial, including the bank’s former executive director and its board chairman.
Two of my favorites were the grilled al dente asparagus with a “river” of pecorino cheese sabayon along the top, and Catalan spinach sautéed with pine nuts (which should have been toasted) and currants.
From 10 a.m. to 1 p.m., West 249th Street and Independence Avenue, Riverdale, the Bronx, (718) 549-3200, wavehill.org .
Still, we’re forced to acknowledge that of all possible outcomes, this is the vision of perfection we’ve signed up for: That you must outsmart, outwork, outrival and outdream everybody else or consign yourself to a life of frustrated obscurity or worse.
Provisions must also be robust enough to prevent a resurgence of terrorism, to stop the infiltration of weapons, and to provide effective border security.
They included Khalifa Heftar, a former general who returned recently from exile in the United States and appointed himself as the rebel field commander, the movement’s leaders said, and Omar el-Hariri, a former political prisoner who occupied the largely ceremonial role of defense minister.
None of those incidents — she said there were “very few” — had resulted in a fire.
WHY has the job picture been so bleak in the current recovery?
ROSCH--Marguerite A.,The members and staff of Elmwood Country Club mourn the passing of our esteemed member and friend, Marguerite Rosch.
“For my son, Hippo is it.
Freud shows that beauty isn’t a surplus value at all.
Looking at Dylan nearly 50 years after having first encountered him, Epstein sees “the winding down of a well-designed but relentlessly used machine that has not always been properly maintained.” Not the happiest ending, but what can you do?
We truly like and love the people of the United States like people from any other country.
A. in Economics from Columbia University School of General Studies, and her M.B.A. from Columbia University.
The architect requested keys so he could photograph the house.
"My hope is that I will be able to announce to the American people sometime early in the day that a shutdown has been averted," he said.
UNDER THE LAKE, by Stuart Woods.
Ms. Lanahan smokes; Mr. Douglas does not.
As the 4 p.m. deadline passed, a large number of demonstrators left, but at least several hundred chose to remain behind, mostly on the second floor.
The network thought the joke was slanderous.
One possible answer is “nothing”: maybe one of these days we’ll wake up and find that the markets are shunning America, just as they’re shunning Greece.
It’s a savvy move, reflecting both the explosive body of Ohad Naharin’s choreography and its social opposite, the trancelike swaying of devout Jews in deep prayer.
Aaron Copland said in a 1982 BBC broadcast, “It’s really well felt, it’s believable, you see — it’s not phony.” The piece, he added, “comes straight from the heart, to use old-fashioned terms.” The Adagio certainly seemed an appropriate opener for the New York Philharmonic’s annual Memorial Day concert at the Cathedral Church of St. John the Divine .
When Toronto-Dominion bought Canada Trust in 2000, Mr. Clark and his senior manager were tapped to remake the combined company.
We had to get past that.” Customers now seem to embrace the menu at Dantanna’s, where the tuna and hearts of palm are flown in from Hawaii, and where a hot menu item is “the best cioppino this side of San Francisco,” Mr. Kazlow said of the North Beach bouillabaisse.
The rivalry between General Ahmar and Mr. Saleh’s son runs especially deep.
If you want to know what I’m talking about, watch Fareed Zakaria this weekend.
It is also why European leaders have the leverage to extract concessions from banks as part of a broader rescue package for Greece.
growth rate of almost 9 percent for the rest of this year.” The International Monetary Fund echoed that sentiment in its latest assessment of the Chinese economy, published Thursday, noting that “China’s near-term growth prospects continue to be vigorous and are increasingly self-sustained, underpinned by structural adjustment.” “Wage and employment increases have fueled consumption, the expansion in infrastructure and real estate construction has driven investment upward, and net exports are once again contributing positively to economic growth,” the fund said.
My mistrust of social media is intensified by the ephemeral nature of these communications.
“In my mind the water is rolling, drop by drop, down from the top.
As of 2006, 46 million American households paid no federal income tax.
Within the next five years, we'll make it possible for businesses to deploy the next generation of high-speed wireless coverage to 98 percent of all Americans.
We realized that our aircraft had been sabotaged.
Then Couples nearly holed his approach shot on the third playoff hole, then birdied from three feet to win his first major title as a senior and his second over all on the Champions Tour.
But in Dr. Joyce’s test tube, his specially engineered RNA molecule comes close, copying itself over and over, and evolving.
The producer who is mounting a revival of “Death of a Salesman” on Broadway next year has tapped Andrew Garfield to play Biff, the wayward son of Willy Loman, a spokesman for the production said on Friday.
There will be a gathering of friends in New York at a later time.
LEAH MISSBACH DAY, 52, a photojournalist in Chicago, likes designer labels like Balenciaga, Alexander Wang and Dries Van Noten.
“It didn’t look like that when we lived in it,” she said quickly.
He said Scioscia always studied the game, with keen attention to detail and an authoritative presence behind the plate.
“The most important thing is the protection of the lives of the 3,400 people at the camp,” said Shahriar Kia, the spokesman.
These companies have invested billions of dollars in its Android-based operations and helped make Android more popular than Apple's mobile operating system.
This all changed when Luiten told the same official that the ball had been on the hazard line and that he stood in the hazard when he played it.
“The laws are designed for people trying to make a living doing this,” he said.
(DeWitt) ‘HotelMotel’ (in previews; opens on Wednesday) The Amoralists, an actor-driven downtown ensemble that turned heads in 2009 with “The Pied Pipers of the Lower East Side,” presents this site-specific double bill to an audience of just 20 people at each performance.
Exports from multinational companies like Intel, Pfizer and smaller manufacturers are surging as wages become more competitive and help to lower production costs, giving hope for future growth.
The family moved to Teaneck, New Jersey, and the Judge graduated from Teaneck High School in June of 1945 and joined the United States Navy.
As the plane plunged toward the sea at vertical speed of nearly 11,000 feet per minute, the angle at one point exceeded 40 degrees.
His leadership still enjoys some backing, particularly among the country’s minorities and in Damascus and Aleppo.
“You go what you go through,” Quink said, his voice cracking.
Although media-shy, Mr. Ofer often made headlines in Israel for his business dealings, and was sometimes assailed for being part of a business elite that critics say wields disproportionate power.
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil 2 shallots, finely chopped 2 stalks celery, finely chopped 2 pounds mushrooms, stems trimmed, chopped 2 garlic cloves, minced 1/4 cup dry white wine 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves Salt and freshly ground black pepper 2 tablespoons tomato paste, dissolved in 1/4 cup water 1 cup cooked black rice (optional but recommended) 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley Poached eggs for serving (optional) 1.
“It might reasonably be concluded that those properties, so beneficial in the economic sphere, pose special dangers in the political sphere … Indeed, the states might reasonably fear that the corporation would use its economic power to obtain further benefits beyond those already bestowed.” Noting that most states, along with the federal government, had placed limits on the ability of corporations to participate in politics, the dissenting justice concluded: “The judgment of such a broad consensus of governmental bodies expressed over a period of many decades is entitled to considerable deference from this Court.” The dissenter was Associate Justice William H. Rehnquist.
In a radical reversal of the conventional wisdom, home ownership has gone from an unquestioned virtue to something to be wary of.
But the way they lost has (finally) made them lovable instead.
In an abnormal society, accomplices are innumerable and none of them needs to shoulder responsibility, so they feel no remorse.
Jones was flown to New York, where he spent a month on his back at the Hospital for Special Surgery while doctors tried to put his leg back together.
In return, she enjoyed their adoration and love.
This holiday, the firm is introducing its most precious fragrance yet: the new $7,500 Fantasy Stone Fountain of Peace, which comes in a tall, curvaceous 42-ounce spigoted amphora vitrine encrusted with Swarovski crystals in varying shapes and sizes.
Installing one is a gesture of defiance, or at least resilience, in a place where bombs still routinely shatter glass.
The very idea that the many dedicated teachers in this country allow union rules to get in the way of good teaching is utterly insulting.
Had Sergeant Smith’s experiences in Iraq and Afghanistan changed him in ways his family could never understand?
Germany’s Basic Law now requires the government to balance the budget by 2016, and future governments to keep the deficit to no more than 0.35 percent a year, far below the 3 percent limit in the Maastricht agreement that is supposed to govern the euro zone, but has rarely been applied.
The normal number, he said, is 2,300.
Ibrahim Youssef, 25, said he became envious when he saw ads for gold on television.
Eighteen-foot-high offshore breakwaters were built as part of the company’s anti-tsunami strategy, said Jun Oshima, a spokesman for Tokyo Electric.
“Anything that might have an impact, no matter how small, they’re worried about.”
It costs around 1,000 euros to establish such a company, and operating costs are around 1,000 euros a year.
It was the highest level since late October.
On a rain-soaked Thursday in June, Mr. Chatwal was seated in a black chair in Suite 1108 of his new hotel, the Dream Downtown, sipping coffee poured by a white-gloved butler who used to work for the designer Tom Ford.
To this day, there is one episode of “Grey’s Anatomy” (my favorite show) that I will never, ever watch to completion.
The American study got started about three years ago when Gerard D. Schellenberg, a pathology professor at the University of Pennsylvania, went to the National Institutes of Health with a complaint and a proposal.
At department headquarters and at the offices of United States attorneys around the country, prosecutors would continue criminal litigation without interruption.
The gifts included plane trips, lodging and tickets to football games.
But the government has high debts, and what feeble growth it has will continue to weaken as the government curbs investments designed to stoke export growth, while wage cuts and tax increases hit the economy.
Merrill owned a portion of the fund, which was worth some $2 billion at the time.
Deflation punishes borrowers by raising real interest rates, and makes businesses and consumers less willing to buy because they suspect that prices will fall in the future.
Even the Bulls’ greatest advantage, their enviable frontcourt depth, has been offset by the return of Miami’s Udonis Haslem, who is once again moving bodies in the paint and hitting midrange jumpers after spending six months on the shelf.
In Elizabeth, children, including kindergartners, will spend six class periods learning, among other things, the difference between telling and tattling.
“I think it’s incredibly courageous of the governor to take these issues on,” Ms. Rhee said Wednesday.
Yet even with broad bipartisan support, the association said, and the backing of 26 organizations representing more than 500,000 health professionals, Congress has yet to pass what has become known as the CARE bill because, supporters say, it lacks a powerful legislator to champion its cause.
But, like Epstein, he has had the freedom to reshape and streamline his organization’s baseball operations department.
The ads, also by JWT, New York, first appeared on Sunday.
The overthrow of the shah in Iran ushered in an extremist Islamic regime.
“For her to testify before Congress as early as she did was really remarkable,” said John Scott, the former executive director of the Elton John AIDS Foundation.
Benno Schmidt, Chairperson, Board of Trustees Matthew Goldstein, Chancellor
Still, Dr. Kazimiroff remains an obscure figure to many Bronx residents.
The story of a dying girl and the morbid young man who loves her, “Restless” rolls Elisabeth Kübler-Ross’s five stages of dying into a single, dreamy state of feeling.
Then, too, what if Poland had agreed in 1939 to join Germany in an invasion of the Soviet Union, as Hitler wanted?
Walker’s 16 points led the Gators (20-5, 9-2 Southeastern Conference), who have won seven of eight.
Since no feasible amount of reading can fix that, what’s called for is a change not in scale but in strategy.
Owners who had removed tags said they did so because the animal was an indoor pet or because the animal indicated some discomfort with the collar.
The government stuck to that range but Ms. Siegler and her students persuaded Mr. Zagel to go lower.
Child psychologists and specially trained pediatricians have since helped improve interrogation techniques and investigative procedures.
The company’s newest product, the BlackBerry PlayBook tablet computer, fared even worse.
What do lighting and sound technicians do to enhance a show?
Though Democrats are expected to keep control of both the Senate and Assembly, Republicans are seeking to narrow their advantage in both chambers.
But, said Michael Pishko, head of the department of chemical engineering at Texas A & M, there are only a few alternatives to petroleum-based chemicals (one is natural gas as a base for polyethylene).
“I certainly wanted to prove to myself I could do A-caliber work” in that field, he recalls.
She has lost numerous friends.
I hear the tintinnabulations of ankle bells as the ancient sculptures come to life”).
Maybe that will cheer him up.
He has raised the prospect of privatizing what has long been done by legions of city workers.
The company agreed to provide access for no additional charge — temporarily.
A Facebook page called “ Sarah Palin’s Earthquake Movement ” urges fans to donate money through a PayPal account.
“China still faces many challenges in economic and social development,” he said.
When relatives visit from Turkey, where the automobile remains a symbol of success, they are stunned at her use of a bike.
A more realistic estimate might have been that the Orioles had about a 2 percent chance of coming back at that point.
“It’s a situation that you don’t, I don’t, want anybody to be in, especially a close friend,” said fellow receiver Roy Williams, who also played with Hurd in Dallas.
“I knew I had the capabilities here, that we were well enough entrenched, that we had the bedrock of solid authors and so on.
“This said, we need to ensure that the financial benefits from the privilege of having these races in our towns are equitably shared and that no tax dollars are used.
Concussion, often called mild traumatic brain injury, is now the most common battlefield injury, affecting more than 300,000 service members since 2001.
Rose, meanwhile, can focus on the task at hand.
John Beckman, a spokesman for N.Y.U., said the decision not to remove Violet from the nest was much more complicated.
DJEREJIAN--Robert A.,New York City architect and former Senior Managing Partner of HLW International, died on August 21, 2011.
WHAT will each hour-long segment of his “The Fabric of the Cosmos” be about?
“That was the case right there.” When it came time to deliver the verdict, Ms. Hobson paused after reading the first three counts.
While it’s easy to assume that more checks are always desirable — that the harder it is to make policy decisions, the better they will be — the debt crisis shows this isn’t true.
But they did not want to split the siblings and after careful thought, decided to take them.
The not-so-secret secret is that the White House has given ground on purpose.
They stand at the heart of an ever expanding web of checkpoints, walls, roadblocks and settler-only bypass roads that marginalize Palestinian realities and render all normal life impossible.
The yen hit a four-month high against many currencies in Asian trading Wednesday.
We warn our patients that confidentiality will be broken if there is an imminent risk of serious harm or death.
And after Republicans routed his party in the midterm elections, Mr. Obama agreed to extend the cuts — along with those for other taxpayers — for two more years.
A project at the University of California, Berkeley, School of Journalism has taken on the task of designing a better food label, asking for ideas to replace the current black and white Nutrition Facts label that appears on every food package.
Bill Clinton regained his footing, after disastrous midterm elections in 1994, largely thanks to the contrast with Speaker Newt Gingrich, who came off as petulant and mean-spirited.
This show presents more than 100 of his favorite images from the past seven decades.
The loose thread that starts things off is Cornelius ( Michael Tully , who also directed and contributed to the story), a former high school athlete who returns unannounced to his family’s farm after a long absence.
Villagers say more than 1,000 acres have been seized and resold to developers in the past decade or so.
If you put him in a conventional offense, he’s going to struggle.” In the coming weeks, Tebow’s development, and the attendant analysis of it by the Broncos’ brain trust, will rely heavily on one thing: how much Fox tailors the offense to suit Tebow.
The S.& P. 500 rose 21.47 points, or 1.67 percent, to 1,307.59.
— which makes the march more broadly a protest against the “500 years of genocide” kicked off by a certain seafaring Italian’s big discovery.
Andy emerged periodically and sat on a stool in the middle of the big group’s semicircle, playing strong, clean bass tumbaos, with plenty of space; every note had forethought and feeling, and the expression on his face registered them all.
KANSAS STATE (7-2) lost to No.
Gallery at 14 Maple, 14 Maple Avenue.
“We do what we have to do, and we can’t let issues like this deter us.” For many centuries, the protection of emissaries has been a cardinal principle enshrined in relations between nations, even ones at war.
“This proves that Germany continues to be in the cross hairs of international terrorists, and we need to remain vigilant.” The authorities said more information would be released at the federal prosecutor’s headquarters in Karlsruhe on Saturday, when the men would be brought before a judge.
Among Connecticut Democrats, Mr. Dodd remains enormously popular; Mr. Lieberman is a pariah.
“It made me hungrier,” he said.
The National Institutes of Health is supporting studies in the Bronx , Washington and other heavily black urban areas seeking new ways to reach these men, Dr. Fauci said.
In the living room just past the door, I took off my shoes and found two of Attiya’s fellow faculty members sitting in a spare, green-themed living room, reclining on floor cushions and bolsters in the traditional Arab manner and sipping steaming glasses of tea.
Mr. Keeb “starts with a clean slate,” said Mohamed Benrasali, a spokesman for the local council governing Misurata.
“To have a dedicated new building for modern and contemporary art is a big, very exciting project.
It seemed like a good idea to make the video to give Times readers a look at a few of the buildings and some sense of the scope of the change that has come to the South Bronx.
Mr. Bader will be replaced at the National Security Council by his deputy, Daniel R. Russel, a Japan expert.
The outside of the diner was plated with tin.
The master will be the final judge of how to distribute at least $2.8 billion in compensation to people who say they have developed illnesses after being exposed to toxic dust and debris at ground zero.
I show a DVD of the news coverage of the event.
In the third quarter, GE Capital showed a 1 percent rise in revenue to $12 billion.
struck a $11.7 billion deal to buy the British software maker.
Unfortunately the prosaic Gregor possessed little of Hofmannsthal’s poetic sensibility, but Strauss usually guided him in the right direction.
New Yorkers are broadly dissatisfied with the quality of their public schools, and most say the city’s school system has stagnated or declined since Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg took control of it nine years ago, according to a New York Times poll.
But it is currently considering going public by the end of the first quarter in 2012, according to a person briefed on the matter who was not authorized to speak publicly.
But it seems like people were pretty organized.
“It’s worth wasting a few dozen frames for that one golden moment.”
The fact that Iran is declaring that its production will exceed its needs has reinforced the suspicions of many American and European intelligence officials that Iran plans to use the fuel to build weapons or to train Iranian scientists to produce bomb-grade fuel.
$45/SQUARE FOOT $7.1 million approximate annual rent 112 West 34th Street (Avenue of the Americas and Seventh Avenue) Manhattan The entire 7th, 10th and 11th floors and part of the 8th and 9th floors, ranging from 34,064 to 41,836 square feet, offer a total of 159,487 square feet of contiguous space in this 25-story 1954 office building.
And for Davis, even with the end perhaps in sight, it can still be a struggle to wrap his mind around how an injury — one that appeared so innocuous — could so drastically change his life.
Suffolk County Vanderbilt Museum, 180 Little Neck Road.
is looking to diversify its defense allies and perhaps reduce dependence on the West.” Meanwhile, membership in the Gulf group could bring Jordan and Morocco not just access to alternative aid flows, but also improved trade and employment opportunities — important benefits for countries facing big youth unemployed challenges, said Mhemet Biygautane, a research associate at the Dubai School of Government.
To those who voted for us, rest assured that we will bring our conservative values to these negotiations and an emphasis on markets and meritocracies, but also a spirit of compromise and a recognition that both sides will have to bend if we are going to get the kind of comprehensive budget agreement the country needs.
THE END OF EVERYTHING By Megan Abbott 246 pages.
She had moved to Guatemala after having spent most of the 1980s working for Reuters covering the Central American conflicts, where several friends lost their lives in El Salvador.
“The administration wants to raise taxes so they can permanently implant a larger level of spending.
Mr. O’Shea became managing editor of The Chicago Tribune in 2001, leaving in 2006 for a brief tenure as the third in a series of Los Angeles Times editors who refused to make deep editorial cuts.
The students who will enter my classes in September will know about the tragedy of 9/11 at the World Trade Center, the Pentagon and Shanksville but they may not know the faces, the souls, lost in that tragedy.
American politics really is riven by fundamental divisions.
Now Olympus is experiencing a mass departure of tainted executives and directors.
But this concept of sustainability is missing a larger context.
He set out to document the people and institutions that define a moment bounded by a history of war and dictatorship on one side, and the fragile promise of a more open society on the other.
Asked if reviving “Where’s the beef?” was a gamble, Ms. Thomas replied: “I think it just speaks to the truth.
Both teams ignored pleas from the game’s rulers and from their own players’ union, begging them to behave responsibly.
As a candidate, Representative Jaime Herrera Beutler denounced stimulus spending and, once elected, voted for a Republican budget bill that would make $61 billion in cuts to a vast array of programs this year.
At a time when the majority in Congress are against any new spending, how do we demonstrate that Medicaid should start paying for the kind of work that Health Leads’ volunteers perform?
( Business Standard ) The declaration came soon after three people from the proposed Maruti Suzuki Employees Union, representing the Manesar workers, were arrested for having allegedly attacked a group of company supervisors.
For with predictions of the past two nights I chemical, nuclear, biologically warfared on our turf.
Mr. Carter said that Toyota’s North American assembly plants were running at about 30 percent capacity.
He was 86 and lived in Barboursville, Va.
Add the corn, and cook, stirring often, for four minutes until just tender.
The Dow jumped 490 points, its biggest gain since March 2009 and its seventh-largest one-day point gain in history.
The bridegroom’s father was a dermatologist in private practice in West Orange.
I refused to "bag-it", this is what I wanted to do --- Lighting.
That is good news for the state, but uncertain tidings for the budget.
That determination typically reflects negotiations between lawyers for each side as much as any underlying reality.
Together with Kip Keino of Kenya, who was invited but declined, they were the pre-eminent milers of their day.
She is survived by her daughters, Barbara Freehill and Constance Walsh, daughter-in-law Barbara Kutz Walsh, son-in-law George B. Freehill, eleven granddaughters, two grandsons, and twenty-one great-grandchildren.
On top of the 10 billion euros already granted by Europe and the International Monetary Fund for the banks, that would bring the total bill for Ireland’s banking bust to about 70 billion euros, or more than $98 billion.
After many sexual encounters, the victim says he managed to terminate contact with Mr. Sandusky in the spring of 2008.
“The skills and contributions of both workforces were key considerations in assessing this compelling opportunity.” The combined company will maintain the Western Digital name and be headquartered in Irvine, Calif. Mr. Coyne will remain the chief executive.
“I love the melodious sound of it,” he continued, “and so much happens through music and dance.
The European Union today is trapped in the contradiction of a monetary union that lacks the capacity to coordinate economic and fiscal policies.
$51/SQUARE FOOT $219,147 approximate annual rent 500 Fifth Avenue (between 42nd and 43rd Streets) Manhattan A hedge fund has signed a two-year sublease for 4,297 square feet on the 41st floor of this 58-story office building.
Other theories involve livelier contenders, showier production values for the debates and an increase in online chatter about them — some of the same traits that make reality TV shows successful.
Jim Quinn — who preceded Kessler as the union’s outside counsel — was recently hired by Hunter to get the talks restarted.
A man in a red fleece, she said, was “running all over like a lunatic, shouting orders; he caused a lot of chaos.” One of the first officers on the scene said Mr. Cafarella was wearing a red fleece, and the authorities believe no plainclothes officer was there then.
He wrote his first novel, “Stern,” on subways and commuter trains.
¶Finally, in the complex Wal-Mart case , the conservative majority, going beyond the particular issues in that case, made it substantially more difficult for class-action suits in all manner of cases to move forward.
In any case, protecting everybody’s right to be there should not be a pretext to keep out the Occupy Wall Street protesters.
I was responsible for Dutch energy policy when I served as minister of economic affairs from February 2007 to October 2010.
“My feeling is, if concussions come down this season, if head injuries come down, the credit will go to the players for finally saying enough is enough, we’re going to change our behavior.
OK, seriously: things are looking really terrible, And crucially, they’re looking terrible in the wrong way, at least if you wanted to believe that political and policy debate over the past year and a half made any sense at all.
The latest of Moto Guzzi’s big twins use a four-valve-per-cylinder design that the company has been spreading to a wider selection of models.
The debate has arisen at a time when Mr. Obama has signaled that his administration may be re-evaluating its stance.
Still, shares of Groupon fell 4 percent on Tuesday to close at $24.90.
Their group of six senators met for a third time on Tuesday morning, for two hours, to try to translate the recommendations into legislation.
An independent production that is expected to cost $10 million, “First Allies,” as the film is called, is expected to begin shooting in central New York this fall.
For much of the city's history, that purview was reserved mostly for birds and the romantic imagination of conceptual artists.
The Rangers, close enough to taste the title on Thursday, failed to produce a hit against four Cardinals relievers in the final three innings on Friday.
Mr. Woodford said he was forced out after pointing out governance problems surrounding overseas acquisitions, in particular a $1.9 billion deal for Gyrus, a British medical equipment firm.
Caroline pulled a can out and read the label.
After all, Ari had a true female soul mate in Dana, the studio head who loved him even as she tried to outsmart him on subclauses and back-end deals.
Mr. Biden told reporters that he had received many requests from the Georgetown community to attend.
“I was 13 or 14, and people were grabbing at him and asking for his autograph,” she said.
Quiet rooms, like those Carnegie built, tend to be smaller and set aside these days, almost like smoking sections in airports.
Mr. Adani recently had to outbid the Chinese for his Australian port.
Most of the clothes looked understated, comfortable and sporty.
Thursdays and Fridays, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.; or by appointment.
Now that must have been deeply unsettling to Sharapova.
And Scott Forstall, senior vice president for iPhone software, is also believed to have an increasingly influential role as software becomes the distinguishing factor on phones and tablets.
Although minor elements of the overall agreement still need to be completed, the two people said that a full understanding on H.G.H.
She is often tearful as she tries to make sense of a life without Sergio, her fiancé, and begins dating again.
In others words, today might be a great time to buy, but tomorrow might be even better.
Small fleets and limited service mean a lack of backup options when flights are delayed.
Security is no longer an issue?
They can also go to dealers for written quotes, to the used-car superstore CarMax ( carmax.com ) and to AutoNationDirect.com , the online arm of the big auto dealer chain AutoNation, Mr. Reed pointed out.
Wasserstein liked “cabs, dry cleaners, doormen, and Bergdorf’s,” but would turn up to rehearsals unkempt.
Treat neither national defense nor entitlements as sacred.
Finmeccanica, based in Rome, said it would take a €753 million write-down related to the 787 program.
This summer, they plan to open two conceptual stores in Manhattan designed by the architect Jeremy Barbour (one of the stores will use industrial felt to quiet the bustle of the street).
He went on, as did several others, to cite Noam Chomsky, particularly his book “ Manufacturing Consent ,” and theorized that the mainstream media (in the person of a reporter for The New York Times), also in thrall to corporate interests, is determined to misrepresent the movement.
Kravitz usually appears on such shows to discuss the Indianapolis Colts.
That effort has gone on largely behind the scenes, so it is difficult to tell if it has had much success.
A No, we don’t have a deal for using the iPad .
Very poorly Poorly Reasonably Well 4.
If the wood had been finished in India rather than in the United States, he says, there would be no question of legality.
On opening night Albrecht (Karel Cruz), noble in style, kept changing gears awkwardly between dancing and acting.
These are indeed historic days, and Israel looks forward to transforming what has long been seen as a cold peace between governments into a deeply rooted warm peace between peoples, a peace between democracies.
He was a ski racer in the winter and a golfer in the summer.
The 2006 tax swap — lowering local school property taxes and creating a new state business tax to make up the difference — is at the center of the state’s current budget troubles.
1 receiver for a small handful of teams).
We may call this auto-tyrannicide.
A section of one train was found on its side just north of Iwaki City, the cars abandoned.
As with motorists, there are a small number of cyclists who do not follow the law and endanger pedestrians.
At the time the union claimed that the producers had not paid Ms. Taymor any royalties covering the run of the show, which began preview performances in late November 2010, and that she had received only a $125,000 fee five years ago.
During good economic times, the place was a nice extra for the thousands of principals, teachers and volunteer parents who have visited, a trip along its wide aisles a treasure hunt of sorts.
He said he came away from those trips impressed that growth was occurring there despite the sluggish economy, and was persuaded that Providence had the assets needed to make the concept work in Rhode Island.
Devoted father of Jane, Trish, Scott (Amanda) and Tara (Keith).
Rick Perry of Texas, who is seeking the Republican nomination for president.
Convenience is key when it comes to refueling during Fashion Week, and more often than not, quick, carry-in-your-pocketbook processed foods are what many models and editors resort to between shows.
“I think that’s the best we’ve served in our careers,” Bob Bryan said.
Follow your Bliss Thomas, we love you!
“I feel as if enough is enough, but I also know it’s not going away.
Granted, traders in Citi’s investment bank had a slow quarter.
The scramble forced Ron Cogan, editor and publisher of Green Car Journal, to stop rehearsing his speech and go directly to the stage to deliver it.
••• I recognized the day.
''who, by the way, spoils me to death -- Fran?s sometimes gets jealous, except that he loves me in his clothes too!''
But the German researchers weren’t looking at neurotransmitters.
Officials at the Office of Management and Budget — part of the White House — were particularly concerned at what they considered the poor job that the Department of Energy was doing in monitoring the loan deals after they were finalized.
The principal language of people he worked with was Dari, a close cousin of the Farsi that he spoke.
But if low-tech isn’t working, it’s a good investment — it will pay for itself if it prevents two or three infections.
Memorial service to be announced in this section at a later date.
Mr. Zayas of Sandia said that many recent innovation initiatives were focusing on reliability and “serviceability.” For example, he noted, several manufacturers, including Clipper Windpower, a U.S. company, have devised a way to work on turbines without needing a huge crane.
Greg puts it this way: One of the two parties already occupies the approximate ideological space that these commentators themselves are describing as the dream middle ground that allegedly can only be staked out by a third party.
Still, with the name on their labels, the vignerons watched their sales plummet.
(With other collaborators Mike later wrote “The People in the Picture,” which was on Broadway last season.)
-- The Long Island Chapter of New York State Association of Health Care Providers
That allows them to list without first filing a prospectus.
Protests by Greek taxi drivers, which have frustrated thousands of tourists at the height of summer, entered a fourth day Thursday, just as seamen threatened to compound the problem by staging their own strikes against austerity measures, a move that sought to paralyze all the country’s ports.
On the advice of local environmental groups — they said local officials had none to give — a group of parents and teachers donned makeshift protective suits and masks, took up spades and disposed of the playground’s topsoil.
Perhaps the most compelling is that as both a crusader and a dean, Mr. Matasar has conflicting, even incompatible missions.
“Through intermediaries, we have informal contact with Seif,” Mr. Moreno-Ocampo said.
Fewer are created today than they were in the early days of AIDS.” Among the older images, a wry sense of irony prevails.
Reyes said on Tuesday that his leg had shown minor improvement, but that he was not ready to run yet, meaning his timetable is at least two more days of rest, and quite possibly more.
They have recently become bogged down debating whether banks should hold significantly higher levels of capital.
Ms. Ward is not the first to have received this brand of foreclosure defense.
In general, despite extensive government subsidies, hyperprocessed food remains more expensive than food cooked at home.
Peer pressure, she finds, can lead to acts of great courage, or to great harm.
Greatly beloved mother of Maris and Van (Arlynn), grandmother and great-grandmother.
Mr. Coburn noted that many questions had been raised about the mental state of Jared L. Loughner, the man accused in the Tucson attack, but that Mr. Loughner had never been brought to the attention of mental health authorities who might have prevented him from buying a weapon.
To begin, you may want to walk students through the Designing the Fight Experiment resource produced by the National Center for Earth and Space Science Education, which clearly guides students through the process of thinking up a research question and designing an experiment to be carried out in space.
The bridegroom’s father is the president of PolyLC, a biochemical instrument manufacturer in Columbia, Md.
Unlike Lookout’s Android app, which has 12 million users, the iPhone app will not screen for malware.
Mr. Sapio could not be reached for comment.
Some people have been expecting me.
Even so, many airlines are furious, partly because the cost of compliance could rise sharply in coming years if governments decide airlines must buy a larger proportion of their permits and if demand for the permits and their value rises.
He airily proposed that Bruckner had become “the dupe” of editors driven by “an all-consuming and very distorted Wagnerian perspective.” “Quite probably,” he added, “Bruckner himself was no more than half convinced of the wisdom of this, but unfortunately where he only doubted, he acquiesced.” This attitude came to dominate British and, in turn, American thinking about Bruckner.
Europe’s resources are tapped out on its problems.
Judge Nancy Gertner of Federal District Court in Boston on Friday denied a request by Mr. Quattrone and his co-defendants to dismiss a decade-old lawsuit that charges his former bank, Credit Suisse First Boston, with issuing misleading stock research on AOL – Time Warner .
If the institution has not come forward, many individuals connected to it have privately supported efforts to obtain health insurance for the Lackses and to eliminate Sonny Lacks’s debt, Ms. Skloot said.
The youths who are accused of paying them as much as $3,600 to take SAT and ACT tests were largely undistinguished students willing to cut corners to strengthen their modest résumés.
“For years people had said that to hit it this close on the last hole of the U.S. Open with the pin on the left and the water on the left you had to pull it,” Pate said.
As ever, New Yorkers could not resist applauding themselves.
Mr. Haniya has not left Gaza on an official visit since 2007 when, after a brief civil war, his Hamas movement pushed the Fatah -dominated Palestinian Authority , led by Mahmoud Abbas , out of Gaza, leaving it to hold sway only in parts of the West Bank.
Norwegian Air Shuttle also finalized a contract for three 787 widebody jets, worth $650 million.
The other impromptus were as vividly characterized, and if some of Mr. Ax’s reconsiderations were open to debate — his disinclination to linger in the chordal phrases that begin No.
Infanticide and abortion are inherently coercive of the babies who are killed.
A recent Fitch Ratings report shows that for the two months ended July 31, the 10 largest United States prime money market funds pared their holdings in European banks by 20.4 percent, in dollar terms.
Maybe I’m the new 70.
The San Francisco Giants showed last fall that a team can develop a rotation and win the World Series before any of the starters reach free agency.
What she didn’t know was much about how to start and run a business.
In short, the current Republican policy of negativism — cut, cut cut — is not enough.
(The studio is now in contract for $235,000.)
With a management-led buyout of AlpInvest, the firm gets the implicit backing of Carlyle, one of the world's largest private equity firms, giving it access to a lucrative pool of potential clients.
“When people come to me and say, ‘Why can’t you compromise?’ I’m like: ‘What are you talking about?
student visas” could “result in a greater loss of market share in the future.” Nicola Dandridge, chief executive of Universities UK, said in a statement that immigration policy could cause worries in India and China, Britain’s largest source of non-E.U.
You have to be on the same page.” Never more so, of course, than when your team is on serve, and thus, to some degree, on guard.
Mahamame Bamoye Traoré, the leader of the powerful mason’s guild, surveyed the cramped rooms of the retired river boat captain’s house, naming all the things he would change if the World Heritage rules were more flexible.
It was thought to have been painted in Klimt’s Vienna studio in late 1914 after he had spent the summer with Emilie Flöge, his model and companion, in Weissenbach, a town on the south shore of Lake Attersee in Austria.
They were competitive in the fourth quarter of all three games.
When the bidding tray came under the screen after Bakkeren had bid four spades, Dubinin (East) paused for a few moments.
When the housekeeper fails, proteins seem to aggregate inside nerve cells, which may be contributing to their destruction.
While the details, date and venue of Mr. Obama’s speech remain to be finalized, the president throughout his bus tour hinted at his approach for simultaneously stimulating the economy while reducing projected deficits through spending cuts and revenue increases to take effect once the economy recovers.
Introduced at the International Contemporary Furniture Fair, which ended on Tuesday, the lamp has 102 LEDs embedded in its ultra-thin head; a diffuser softens and spreads the light so that it resembles the warmth of (boo, hiss) incandescent bulbs.
The president’s wife makes a brief guest appearance in the le Carré book; in one passage, characters cannot visit the gardens of the Champs-Élysées in Paris because “Michelle Obama and her children are in town.” Fortunately for Mr. Obama, no crisis has demanded his attention, as was the case last year when a Nigerian was accused of trying to blow up a passenger jet that was bound for Detroit.
But de La Grange’s study amounts to several thousand dense pages in which genuinely important information is mixed in with tedious data about long-forgotten singers, ticket sales and contract negotiations, along with more footnotes than a David Foster Wallace novel (and nowhere near as much fun).
It has to start with saving millions now at risk of starvation, helping them improve their ability to grow their own food and finding ways to strengthen a shaky central government.
That was kind of the way we looked at it.
Ad staffs of various media enterprises are always reminded that they “compete with everyone,” but as traditional media verticals disappear it may become more than rhetoric.
His ruling, which was dated Nov. 18, was critical of closed-door meetings and expedited voting procedures that preceded passage of the measure in the final moments of this year’s legislative session.
What are your thoughts on key issues facing the U.N. today like the Palestinian bid for full membership , concerns about the effectiveness of the peacekeeping mission in Congo , and the current crisis in Syria?
“Everything just seemed like things were going to go our way.”
The yield fell to 1.85 percent, from 1.91 percent late Thursday.
But after some new-age therapy and some old-fashioned common sense, he is back with a filly named Havre de Grace running in the 28th running of the Breeders' Cup Classic.
Still, food prices are expected to rise 2 percent to 3 percent in the United States this year.
Time agreed to allow Activision to use its signature red-bordered cover and nameplate in a mock poster for the latest version of the game.
“Bashar al-Assad has modern tanks and helicopters, a well-trained army, and lots of firepower.
“It’s going to hit the roof,” Ms. Summers said with forced cheer, her smile finally giving way to tears.
Why, Mr. Feldman, is the $20 per day fee for this bounty of goodies not included in the prices that turn up on Priceline?
Heartfelt condolences to the Hyman/Rosenbaum family.
In 2005, for example, the United States devoted only 29 percent of gross domestic product to health and social services combined, while countries like Sweden, France, the Netherlands, Belgium and Denmark dedicated 33 percent to 38 percent of their G.D.P.
Raschker, childless after a 10-year marriage, maximizes the time flexibility to train (reluctantly) and attend meets.
MEDIEVAL ALTITUDE Take the 19th-century funicular 322 feet up the Festungsberg mountain to the Hohensalzburg Fortress (Mönchsberg 34; 43-662-842-430-11; festung-salzburg.at ), one of Europe ’s best preserved medieval castles.
Based on estimates by analysts at Goldman Sachs , that means the stock market is attributing no value at all to future performance fees.
It’s the Game of the Century So Far, I guess.
Dr. Jones, 30, is a fourth-year resident in radiology at Albert Einstein Medical Center in Philadelphia.
Yet, there is one not-so-small matter that Mr. Botín (pronounced bo-TEEN) has failed to keep tabs on: a Swiss bank account secretly opened long ago by his father that grew to such a size that when Spanish authorities discovered its existence last year, Mr. Botín and other family members paid 200 million euros (about $273 million currently) in taxes to avoid tax evasion charges.
At times it seemed it might have been easier to stay at home and read about it on the Web.
“And hopefully it’s done without a single vote against so that Zelaya can enter Honduras as he deserves, through the main gate,” he added.
People peeked in from the adjacent parking lot.
“It means a lot, just being able to be here,” he said.
Brenner West Capital Advisors, which tripled its size to about $480 million in less than a year, did the same this month, according to people with knowledge of the fund.
“The chances of a significant improvement in the long-term credit profile of the government coming from deficit reductions of the magnitude proposed in either plan are not high,” Moody’s said.
In stock market trading on Friday, financials, consumer staples, utilities and telecommunications shares rose by more than 1 percent.
He later received a degree from New York University Law School as well, before joining Shulte Roth.
The event was part of the U.S.-China Forum on the Arts and Culture , which brought over such artists as Mr. Ma, the actress Meryl Streep , the director Joel Coen and the authors Amy Tan and Michael Pollan.
Nor will Mr. Geach, the widower, according to his son Charles.
An inked-up pal from Brooklyn, carrying a beach umbrella, wandered by to chat about swimming conditions.
His band has released two records of covers.
“That is more than 10 percent of my income,” Ms. Cole said.
The Jets yield 134.8 rushing yards per game.
Friday night offered a wonderful object lesson in the capriciousness of streaks.
After clamoring loudly about their plans to curtail federal spending, House Republicans announced Thursday that they would cut $32 billion for the remainder of the fiscal year — a minuscule amount compared with a projected annual deficit of nearly $1.5 trillion.
“Until now, relations were predicated very much on the status quo,” he said, pointing to Turkey’s previous foreign policy of open borders, trade and high-level exchanges such as joint cabinet meetings with neighboring countries.
But there is an interesting twist.
But he also learned a valuable lesson when he declined to play the rest of the game under protest.
Two co-founders of the plan to build a Muslim community center and mosque in downtown Manhattan have begun exploring a new, and possibly competing, project: an interfaith cultural center that they said might be located at the currently proposed site, two blocks from ground zero, or elsewhere in the neighborhood.
ARTSBEAT The Times's culture blog includes book news and dispatches from the world of letters.
The American ambassador, Susan E. Rice, gave one of her most bellicose speeches in the Council chamber, accusing opponents of the measure of seeking to continue arms sales to Syria.
Mr. Goldstone, a Zionist who believes that political reconciliation will result when both sides face the unbiased rigors of international law, agreed to lead a United Nations inquiry into the war between Israel and Hamas , telling friends that the mission could make a real contribution to Middle East peace.
What we don’t know is if these are tactical concessions to ensure a good meeting with Mr. Obama, who offered the pomp China craves — a state dinner and a 21-gun salute — or a serious rethinking on Beijing’s part.
“Do we want to contact somebody for a scrimmage?
More towers, a transportation hub and the National September 11 Museum are in various stages of construction.
IT was another hectic morning in the pediatric clinic of Bellevue Hospital Center, where the clamorous waiting room had been transformed into a reading room.
Then two crucial lawmakers flipped, including Mr. Miqati.
“We feel very fortunate to be playing this week.
“They created this mess, and they have to fix it.” In conditions this dangerous, wanting to help and being allowed to help are different things.
(The whole show, though intermittently interesting, gives me that itchy, claustrophobic feeling.)
I was far more a good boy than a young man on a mission.
A satirical cartoon about an America increasingly enfeebled by its fear of anything outside the sanctioned norm, Lynn Rosen’s comedy “Apple Cove” is part eco-fable, part “Stepford Wives” riff, part cautionary tale for a hermetic society.
The bride, 30, will continue to use her name professionally.
Still, the forces of chemistry and physics can help.
One reason is that those who buy annuities and die early end up subsidizing those who die later.
“The sons really know all about it,” Mr. Casley said.
to $166 at Chrysler, though Chrysler’s per-vehicle labor costs would remain the lowest of the three, at $1,293.
Last week, Precision Capital, a Qatari-backed firm based in Luxembourg, agreed to buy KBL European Private Bankers for $1.4 billion from the European bank KBC Group.
The shelves at Czech Cottage are stocked with imported crafts, garnet jewelry and glassware.
Officer Figoski’s daughters lived with him.
We get the Nets’ need for identity in the buildup to Brooklyn.
And Mounties, with fingertips on a wide-brimmed Stetson.
Part of my loyalty to Veronica, I realized, was staying loyal to the salon that had treated her like family all of these years.
1 in the world rankings if he finished ahead of Westwood.
The recent trend “sets us up for a little Santa Claus rally between now and the end of the year.” In other corporate news, Pfizer gained 1.8 percent, the most of the 30 companies in the Dow.
The information is from documents filed by Queens Ballpark Company, a Mets subsidiary that leases the stadium from the I.D.A.
“I dare anyone to challenge this benefit.” Erik Christianson, director of public and media relations for the N.C.A.A., said: “We wish Coach Walter and Kevin Jordan all the best.
He served as AJC National President from 1980 to 1983.
“I told her I’d like as much information as the news is putting out, even if it’s unconfirmed,” he said.
I want him to keep believing that if he wears the right fan T-shirt and screams loudly enough at the television, his team will always win.
It involved the highest-ranking cultural officials from two countries with a history of enmity.
It’s called “the actor’s dream” (some in the profession use the shorthand “The A. D.”) It’s no laughing matter.
Friday at 7:30 p.m. $18 to $57.
Based on a Kerala curry, the shrimp was tossed in a spicy, crushed fresh tomato sauce to which Mr. Parapilly had added almonds.
''I find I work better when I'm a little starved.''
Some of the animosity has thawed.
Educational opportunities for the well connected made little difference to conservative and rural families who kept women out of the public sphere.
Most Americans would be aghast at such a thing.
Pittsburgh was depleted in Week 15, without safety Troy Polamalu, defensive lineman Aaron Smith and tight end Heath Miller.
But Minor (3-2) allowed only four hits and one intentional walk while striking out a season-high nine.
Dale Williamson, who runs the B.C.
Anthony Velez, 16, steered the tiller.
But he had never played at Plainfield Country Club.
An informal survey of New Yorkers and tourists on the streets around the memorial this week revealed a mix of feelings about attending the museum and what a fair price would be.
It may be time for blaufränkisch to do the same.
He emphasized how hard the physical adaption had been.
The Dallas Mavericks breathed an epic sigh of relief Saturday night, which for these aging veterans has become increasingly difficult in a Western Conference finals series filled with wild emotional swings.
Meanwhile more than a dozen of the panel discussions and presentations in the festival’s interactive portion are wrestling with digital subjects like “You’re Dead, Your Data Isn’t” and “Are We Becoming Socially Anti-Social?” “There aren’t apps that are going to solve this,” said Jack Hidary, a transportation expert who was involved with the Cash for Clunkers program.
It is one, a trade agreement with Peru, in 2007; it is not the case that no agreements were passed during that period.
Guyana’s upset of Trinidad and Tobago brought to a close a year of soccer turmoil in Trinidad and Tobago: one of the country’s most powerful men, Jack Warner, was implicated in a bribery scandal and resigned his positions with FIFA and Concacaf.
Favorable/Unfavorable Tight End Matchups Favorable Owen Daniels (HOU) vs. Miami — The Dolphins were burned badly by the Patriots’ talented tight end duo (30 combined fantasy points), and the Kevin Walter injury could result in an even bigger role for Daniels in the Texans’ offense if he misses Week 2.
“We told them several times we have what we call a headgear policy, meaning there are certain rides where you can’t wear headgear of any sorts,” Mr. Tartaglia said.
Shine and his co-workers showed that when given a choice between cane toad eggs and the similar-looking egg masses of other frog species, Rhinella tadpoles overwhelmingly picked the cannibal option .
You can almost sense his teeth gnashing.
There will be eight rooms with plaza views for $550 a night.
The results to date have been sufficiently encouraging that Darpa is announcing on Thursday that it will commit an additional $21 million to the project, the third round of government funding, which brings the total to $41 million.
Unlike some, though, he does not hide from reporters but embraces the opportunity.
But by the time she died, she would have spent about $75,000 in premiums and preserved $425,000 in assets.
“This is a real rumble,” he said.
“Everyone thought the white background would be a problem,” Wade said, “but it’s more the bright lights.” His teammate James Jones, who also deals with migraines, described the pain as “so excruciating I wouldn’t wish it on anyone” and said that for those susceptible to the condition, “the white background just makes it worse.” Jones’s observation made sense to Dr. David Dodick, a professor of neurology at the Mayo Clinic.
But in the last few months, the index has begun to rise at the fastest rate in many years.
Tim Stelloh contributed reporting .
If that pace continues, TRAC projects a total of 1,365 prosecutions for the fiscal year.
misconduct in Baghlan Province that Hewad and his colleagues have learned about comes from a Pashtun victim.
Though he did not win, it whetted his appetite, and he does not rule out a future in politics.
It’s not going to get better than this.’ ” Doyle Dane Bernbach has been widely credited with helping to inspire Madison Avenue’s so-called creative revolution in the 1960s.
In midseason, a Baylor practice was interrupted by a scary event — a player suffered a seizure and had to be taken away by ambulance.
I told them it was my father’s drink.
“Tom Watson said it could be a lucky locker for us,” Mulrooney said.
medication to 18, up from 12.
It eliminates the graphic overkill of the former installation; sets out work with an easily graspable logic; and over all shows the African holdings to decent advantage.
“You know, Bosworth and Moss.” Oh, yes.
“I don’t know that any company has gotten to such a high level of local assembly as Hyundai that fast.” While Michigan’s dependence on the auto industry caused it to have one of the nation highest unemployment rates in recent years, the presence of Hyundai and Kia has helped Alabama keep its jobless rate among the lowest in the Southeast even as textile mills continue to close.
Civitas attributed the emptiness partly to the allure between the 1940s and 1970s of public housing projects, which emptied many tenements and left landlords with weathered properties and repairs too expensive for the low rents the apartments might yield.
If a judge granted Mr.
Because the city retained title to the land, the developer was unable to secure financing from Canadian banks, and sought out an American hedge fund, which demanded a loan guarantee from the city.
The bad news is that these same people extended the so-called Bush tax cuts at the end of 2010, at a stroke not just refusing to deal with the deficit but also significantly contributing to what they now say is our most pressing problem.
11:25 a.m. | Updated To those who answered Montevideo, Uruguay, you are correct!
“If people are confident enough to go out and spend $30,000 on a new automobile, it shows they are pretty confident in their own financial situation,” he said.
The financing has not been available for these things because they are looked at as eyesores, not gold mines.” Mr. Bloomberg took a swipe at federal lawmakers for dragging their feet on addressing climate change.
Then he pulled back to five- and six-day weeks.
It also brings issues to the forefront much faster than ever before and serves as our critical feedback engine — the feedback given by myself and by managers is not just fluff.
This time, by contrast, the work was done before the finance ministers formally convened on Friday.
In the storm of lawmaking this year, Georgia and Utah passed laws requiring larger businesses to use the system (in Georgia, by July 2013).
“A contract, a legal bond, between two adults who vow to support one another, in sickness and in health.” Opponents of same-sex marriage say that the mayor is disconnected from most New York voters, who they say are uneager to see marriage redefined.
The Chess Olympiad , which was first held in 1924, is the most elite national team event in the world.
“But first, it makes me laugh,” he said.
“If you go to a restaurant and are handed a menu with a thousand pages, how will you react?” Mr. Zeiler said.
The leader, a man who identified himself on Twitter as Dan Wolfe and used the handle @PatriotUSA76, is the same Twitter user who discovered the photograph that Mr. Weiner took of himself and sent to Ms. Cordova.
Similarly, many rebels have assembled powerful but inaccurate weapons systems that they have been firing near Ajdabiya and Brega.
This time, Hasselbeck beamed as his children cavorted on the field.
The Treasury Department said it would initiate emergency measures on Friday to keep the federal government’s total borrowing under the maximum allowed by law, as Congress continues to debate the terms of any increase in the debt ceiling.
Sept. 24 at 8 p.m. $16 to $67.
Against Baltimore on Sunday, Cleveland won the opening coin toss for the first time this season.
Two parent critics got four minutes but focused on allergy fears.
But they add that no one in his party is willing to openly call for him to step down.
My 3-year old daughter holds me accountable for every promise I make.
Where should I take my girls?’ ” Ms. Latham said she threw every tidbit she knew into a simple PowerPoint presentation and circulated it among the magazine’s staff and her friends “in an effort to get people to stop asking me so many questions.” The next year, she fancied up her informal tip sheet and, as she put it, “That’s when it went gangbusters.” Gawker linked to it, and the Vanity Fair summer guide was born.
The $13 million soccer-only facility has further raised the program’s profile with blue-chip recruits.
They turn out to be problematic.
131 Sullivan Street (Prince Street), SoHo; (212) 677-6200.
On a roll, as she was on Saturday, she is a powerful package.
The few glimpses we catch of the Ford’s Theater production of “Our American Cousin” are unfortunately the liveliest and most convincing moments in this well-meaning, misbegotten movie.
But for the majority of those drafting Indonesia’s energy future, nuclear power remains a necessity.
“We have to try to confirm this with other comets to see whether their composition is the same as Hartley 2,” said the lead author, Paul Hartogh, a researcher at the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research in Germany.
Many have been arrested repeatedly over the past decade.
finds that decades of bombing on the island, dropping millions of tons of toxins, have posed no harmful health effects,” said Representative Steven R. Rothman, a New Jersey Democrat who has introduced a bill calling for federal financing for a medical research center in Vieques.
“I know that the young man was down, and I was glad he got up and he was able to play.
Actually, this is a twofer.
Brooklyn, for example, is a Dutch name that when Mr. Kibbelaar pronounced it the old-school way, sounded like “brrrrrooklyn,” with rolling “Rs”.
And now you see why many American (and some British) economists have always been skeptical about the euro project.
“It wasn’t a tough task, really — 250 would have been a good score.
“I prefer to think of it as a promotion.” — GREG BISHOP On a team level, Stanford needed to make a huge statement against Notre Dame to forward their case for a spot in the B.C.S.
 Officials from the insurance department and the state attorney general’s office refused to discuss the issue this week, but Robert J. Giuffra Jr., a partner in Sullivan & Cromwell who is representing the banks, was happy to do so.
“Venus” and “Why,” both released in 1959, made it to No.
Sometimes it’s far too obvious when a wine is second fiddle.
Medtronic, in a statement late Tuesday, said it would respond to the senators’ request.
A grudging footnote in a brief to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit before the Congressional repeal explained, “The Department of Justice in this case has followed its longstanding practice of defending the constitutionality of federal statutes as long as reasonable arguments can be made in support of their constitutionality.” Tracy Schmaler, a spokeswoman for the Department of Justice, noted the traditional role of the executive branch in defending statutes passed by Congress, and added, “In light of the Congressional vote to repeal the ‘don’t ask, don’t tell,’ policy, we are working with the Department of Defense to take the appropriate steps in pending cases to conform with the recently passed law and the process established for repealing this policy.” Dan Woods, the lawyer for the Log Cabin Republicans, said, “The sad thing is that they are fighting for a policy that the president admits is bad for the military.” Now that Congress has acted, the administration’s straddle is more uncomfortable still.
Page A26 Obituaries MORRIS H. PHILIPSON, 85 He steered the University of Chicago Press as it became the largest and one of the nation's most important publishers of monumental scholarly works, modern fiction and postwar European philosophy.
ON a sunny day, with a cool breeze blowing off the water and people sitting at sidewalk tables sipping tea from small glasses, Emmons Avenue in Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn , could almost be in Istanbul — or even in the Ukrainian port city of Odessa.
One posted this year on how to ward off grinders has been viewed more than 9 million times.
“He stopped by last year and signed copies,” Rennert said.
The goal is to bolster the agency’s offerings in the area of branded entertainment, the industry term for projects in which advertisers are integrated into the plots of television shows, online videos and movies.
“People I know are afraid to take political stands because they are afraid to turn off their customers.” Charles Craig Nolan was born on June 5, 1957, the fifth of nine children — all born within 10 years — of Philip Francis and Elizabeth Frances Nolan.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY DOUG MILLS/THE NEW YORK TIMES)
The Cincinnati Bengals and the Dallas Cowboys peaked in popularity the first week the game came out, and decreased steadily as the real teams accumulated losses.
Tour, including six major championships — said Keegan was mentally tougher than she was.
The ministers are expected to meet again Sunday, but before that, the French president, Nicolas Sarkozy, will visit the German chancellor, Angela Merkel, in Berlin on Friday.
The new Broadway musical ''The Book of Mormon'' and the musical revival of ''Anything Goes'' each won five Drama Desk Awards on Monday night, while ''War Horse'' and ''The Normal Heart'' won for outstanding play and play revival at a ceremony honoring theater work on Broadway and Off Broadway.
They mandated that big, complex banks use their own models to determine if individual countries were at risk and hold some capital against them.
THE past year was a sobering one for American educators, as we learned that the United States is falling farther behind in international student rankings.
Indeed, I have witnessed the reverse: the more upscale the community for the bake sale, the fancier the store-bought cookies.
He and his partner, David Kislin, then brought the architect into the Franklin Place project.
Bland, said he asked him, “ ‘How many times you seen the show, bro?’ and he just made excuses.” Mr.
They play every phrase and episode of these elusive scores with vitality, insight and character.
Kim English added 16 points for the Tigers (13-0).
It’s sad, actually: the wolf is at the door, and Osborne thinks it’s the confidence fairy.
He started working out with weights when they were an oddity, and in 1936 he opened the prototype for the fitness spas to come — a gym, juice bar and health food store — in an old office building in Oakland .
But it is new and uncommon for the Mets.
Now, watch 114,000 fans rise, clap, cheer, scream, yell and hug, all in unison.
“He looked sad,” Mr. Del Bagno said, “and he’s supposed to be a regal eagle.” As it happened, there was a perfect spot in the show for the case containing the eagle head, directly under a famous photograph of the station’s statuary dumped in the Meadowlands, taken by Eddie Hausner of The New York Times.
Instead, they say, she is a woman who immediately sets at ease the survivors of sexual assault she works with; who knows how to tell a humorous anecdote about her husband; and who never turns up at her dress designer’s studio without a book that is perfect for his 4-year-old.
Compared with other neighborhoods, not much is available on the Bowery, according to Michael Mansfield, a senior associate salesman at Citi Habitats who analyzed the available listings.
Or, at least, opening an exploratory committee, which allows him to raise and spend money as he tests a potential candidacy.
The investment banks had prepared for the worst.
IN OTHER GAMES Ben Hansbrough shot 1 for 8 from the floor but made 11 of 12 free throws to lead No.
I found myself rooting for Kunitsyn, cheering his winners, groaning when a shot clipped the tape or slipped wide.
This imbalance helps explain why nurses’ unions in the United States have been particularly outspoken advocates of a financial transactions tax.
Nothing in the recent record of policy suggests that the wise men of finance deserve any credence at all.
I had a very good conversation with Allen Ginsberg about this very thing.
The American solar panel industry is asking the Commerce Department to compare the prices that Chinese companies charge for solar panels in the United States with the prevailing prices in India, a less open market where prices have stayed much higher.
Mr. Perry is set to announce his tax plan on Tuesday morning in South Carolina.
Mr. Méndez and his staff defined it as “more than 22 to 24 hours isolated from anyone else except for guards.” They are calling for clearer standards regarding “what is disciplinary and what moves into the category of ‘severe pain and suffering, either physical or mental,’ which is definitely prohibited under international law.” He has called for a ban on prolonged solitary confinement, and I very much agree.
Though an ocean divides them, the power of sisterhood unites them.
But geographic distinctions have all but vanished, and now, for the first time, rural Americans are just as likely to be divorced as city dwellers, according to an analysis of census data by The New York Times .
Ask for a coherent theory behind the abandonment of the unemployed and you won’t get an answer.
(Rosenberg) Noguchi Museum: ‘Civic Action: A Vision for Long Island City’ (through April 22) Several artists suggest their visions for the future of Long Island City, ranging from site-specific to silly.
A police commander in Brooklyn called the authorities in Greensboro to ask about the warrant, and on Nov. 8, they upgraded its urgency to call for Mr. Pride’s extradition.
Here are highlights of contingency plans, compiled from federal agencies still sorting out what services would continue: SOCIAL SECURITY The government would continue to make Social Security payments to the 53 million beneficiaries.
That particular family legacy doesn’t inspire a lot of nostalgia.
He speaks with the nuance of a scholar and the polish of a politician — though he insists that he wants to return to preaching and teaching, not serve in office.
“Barring an economic cataclysm ahead, top earners will be recovering faster than the other 99 percent,” he wrote in an e-mail.
for its use as evidence in a case in another jurisdiction,” Jennifer Brislin, director of communications for the Kentucky Justice and Public Safety Cabinet, said in an e-mail.
Sarkozy fears, with some justification in a bigger European Union of 27 nations and a euro zone of 17, that French agreement may soon not be needed at all.
When Cheney and Dave got back to their cabin, there was a knock at the door.
Games in the third round will be completed in the autumn of 2012.
He was a respected colleague as well as a mentor to so many in the Museum world.
Other notable Americans include Jen Rhines, who is being billed as the top American woman in New York.
“I can look up exactly what I did in the last 10 years,” he said with pride.
Though they appear mellow here, they were actually a fun and spirited group.
Jeff Beck has demoted himself to sideman for his “Rock ’n’ Roll Party” tour, which came to the Beacon Theater on Monday night.
The Russian asset has been important to the News Corporation.
Mitford begins in the rural idyll of her childhood.
Pryor made an affirmative decision to remain in college and play for Ohio State in 2011.
Was there truly no indication that the adult in question was capable of such an act?
REUTERS Hedge Funds Mellow With Age | A recent study from the hedge fund analysis company PerTrac found that smaller and younger funds have lately outperformed their larger and older counterparts.
“Without recourse to the PFA decision available, the maximum two-week fine provided for in standard player contracts will now be applied in relation to the misconduct of Carlos Tévez,” it said.
The 190 dinner guests found a different art book on each chair, including a tome on the artist Jeff Koons, who was in attendance.
City jobs have been eliminated, overtime cut and street cleaning and hours at the public pool scaled back.
While much of the pregame hype centered on whether these teams would meet again in the B.C.S.
What about all those mileage bonuses for buying Christmas gifts through airline retail partners that have been flooding your e-mail inbox?
Enrollment in computer science programs, and degrees from them, are rising after a decade of decreases, despite much handwringing about the decline of American competitiveness in technology and innovation from President Obama on down.
Previously, for example, the pop singer-songwriter Gilberto Gil served as culture minister in Brazil, and the actress-director Paulina Urrutia in Chile.
Mr. Evans attended Brown University on a scholarship and there joined a group of self-styled “militant atheists .” He left Brown after three years and headed for Greenwich Village, having read in Life magazine that it welcomed gay people.
Managers may prefer to blame the private equity firm for poor results rather than themselves.
An addition to the music staff, John Fisher, was brought in to help with several of his productions, even though Fabio Luisi , Mr. Levine’s stand-by and now the principal conductor, has taken them over.
Although there are countries, such as Greece or Spain, that have exhausted their fiscal leeway, and are hence compelled to make strong adjustments by slashing budgets, others, like Germany, which have not exhausted their means, must actively lead the way.
Most of its sales are handled by brokers.
securities at inflated prices” and knew that those prices were dropping, the report said.
The law calls for the Volcker rule to be set by mid-September.
¶It tore down the ability of citizens to hold prosecutors’ offices accountable for failing to train their lawyers, even when prosecutors hide exculpatory evidence and send innocent people to prison.
Still, Libya’s transitional council has given signals in recent days that Colonel Qaddafi’s decades of misdeeds have not been forgotten.
“Chinese doctors at my table smoked furiously throughout the dinner,” he said.
When house prices fall, people are poorer, and so tend to cut back on their spending.
Her classmates thought she was spoiled.
“I fear that, as a result of this reduction, Akron will have no choice but to once again look at layoffs in the biggest part of our budget: police and fire salaries,” he said in a statement .
The refrain heard these days is that the month will be “sukhn,” or hot, a word protesters often use to describe the towns and cities roiled most by demonstrations.
“And then our hearts stopped, because we knew what was coming.” In an inherently risky sport, Friday’s crash was one of the deadliest.
The city has regained jobs lost since the financial crisis of 2008 at twice the rate of the country as a whole.
Both men cited other factors, like company earnings reports — “they’ve been coming in much stronger than anticipated,” Mr. Cardillo said — and signs that European leaders, as Mr. Orlando put it, “seem to be finding religion on their sovereign debt issues.” “And the U.S. economy, contrary to what the protesters believe, is actually demonstrating some statistical strength over the last month or so,” Mr. Orlando said.
But I promise you that over time this doesn’t cut it.
Real vampires, for this movie’s purposes, are hunky guys with tight T-shirts and laid-back, seductive rock-’n’-roll manners.
“But it does seem to have come to its natural end.” The feed perpetuated many of the stereotypes often associated with the company.
Ms. Goodman said it was not immediately clear what information was missing.
The remodeling lent a decidedly traditional aesthetic to the minimalist space.
That’s something that’s really important to people.
Part of his Sahara expedition was aimed at raising money for a charity to help bring clean water to Africa.
Spouting prejudice and scripture, Lena redirects her marital fury into antigay verbiage and a flirtation with a more open-minded reverend (a dreamy Van Brown).
While Texas charter schools must meet core curriculum standards, they may emphasize some subjects over others, as Harmony does with math, science and technology.
The bridegroom’s mother is a painter whose work was on display earlier this month in the Culture Center of the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office, in El Monte, Calif. His father, a neurosurgeon, is the superintendent of Sin-Lau Hospital in Tainan City.
Making profit and surplus is acceptable.
He would face arrest if he came home.
I recognize, too, that there are many people for whom time and money and skills and even access are challenges.
to make me happy,” she said.
From petty criminal to drug user to prisoner to minister to separatist to humanist to martyr.
First, they are less fearful of approaching government officials, like with a recent plea to build a drainage ditch to relieve flooding.
WE ARE THE NIGHT Opens on Friday in Brooklyn.
Daft cuddle toys for grown-ups, they are the brainchild of Louda, Mr. Larrain’s wife, who embellished them with Frankenstein stitching.
If someone tries to kill you, you’re supposed to kill them back.
They say that as he considers his future, he is not dismissive of the concerns of Democratic leaders, and takes them seriously.
He’s just richer and smarter and more .
But now that you’ve missed your point of purchase, I’ll be acquitting myself to looking bootylicious for Marvin over here.” Only a few minutes into “Single Ladies,” VH1’s first hourlong scripted drama and an explicitly lifted homage, a boutique owner presents an ultimatum to her hot-ticket boyfriend, a basketball player whose wingspan doesn’t suggest someone keen to negotiate.
Just last week, federal prosecutors filed criminal charges against a former Northrop Grumman shipyard inspector, accusing him of falsifying weld certifications on a submarine.
WHY might this “dream assignment” also be nerve-racking?
The state of Wisconsin, like most states, is running out of money.
Getting just 15 million people (fewer than half of the 34 million infected) onto drugs by 2015 would raise the cost to $23 billion.
But the important question — how retailers’ profit margins were affected by their Thanksgiving weekend promotions — remained unanswered.
Back then he was living in Brooklyn and working as a production assistant at Palgrave Macmillan, the academic publisher.
Earlier in the game, the Tigers’ Rick Porcello had thrown behind Asdrubal Cabrera, after Cabrera lingered at the plate to watch a long foul ball hook foul.
The two men lived together as roommates in an apartment on Ocean Parkway for over a decade, a period that overlapped with the 11 or so years that Mr. Ali spent hand-rolling dough, and baking it, under the shop’s previous owner.
“Ford is trying to make up for lost time in Asia,” said Michael Robinet, director of global forecasting at the research firm IHS Automotive.
The state charges $28,000 for a new Hyundai Accent .
San Francisco is the only team this season that has yet to allow a rushing touchdown.
But the technology comes with risks.
squads in the bureau’s New York office, one that investigates cybercrimes and another that focuses on public corruption and white-collar crimes, two of the people said.
And he was excluded from the talks on how to save the single currency.
He also rushed for 408 yards and 11 touchdowns.
Sewage treatment plants could sell methane gas to provide power to homes.
The supply was down 26.4 percent, versus 7.2 percent in the overall Manhattan market, so buyers faced less choice and the potential for higher prices.
“When I got the response in kind, I was overjoyed.” VINCENT M. MALLOZZI
At the time he was chairman of the Bituminous Coal Operators Association and a former chairman of the National Coal Association.
But if any football analyst at the start of this season had said that a quarterback averaging under 140 yards of passing a game — that’s Tebow’s sorry statistic — would have a 6-1 record as a starter and be considered the linchpin of his team, few people would have bought it.
The well-known dedication of J. D. Salinger’s “Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters and Seymour: An Introduction” reads: “If there is an amateur reader still left in the world — or anybody who just reads and runs — I ask him or her, with untellable affection and gratitude, to split the dedication of this book four ways with my wife and children.” The reclusive Salinger, who died a year ago at 91, seems to have found that ideal reader in his latest biographer, Kenneth Slawenski, founder of the fan site DeadCaulfields and now author of a new life of Salinger that is earnest, sympathetic and perceptive.
He knows how to play keyboard in a rock band.
“There is a lot of rubbish on the Internet about violations,” Mr. Churov, said in an interview with Itogi, a current affairs magazine.
Now there’s a product that bridges that gap.
“The platform looked like a morning rush.” In the past five years, weekend trips have grown at twice the rate of weekday rides.
The Film Society of Lincoln Center presents another premiere, this one oddly belated: Denis Johnston’s “Guests of the Nation,” a canonical Irish silent film from 1935, will be shown for the first time in America, with a new score by Niall Byrne.
Nearly 180,000 Texas women and men are likely to lose access to birth control and preventative examinations next month because the Legislature recently slashed financing for family planning services by two-thirds.
After his seven years with the Oilers, who were the predecessors of the Tennessee Titans, Hill signed with the Falcons as a free agent in 1992 and played two seasons for them.
It came to light in July 1962 when the American military detonated a hydrogen bomb high above the Pacific.
At the climax of the story, he gets a call from the antiterrorism bunker about SWAT teams storming this warehouse, and others who are closely monitoring the car bomb makers, and the congressman sheepishly asks, “Do you want me in there?” “That’s why I called,” comes the response.
C. J. Cron, a Utah first baseman, was selected 17th and is the cousin of the former major leaguer Chad Moeller .
The rains have been strong enough to cause considerable flooding along the tributaries of the Yangtze River.
3, where 6 percent of the core is made out of mox.
At my age, I am not supposed to have stomach cancer.
Washington said he liked the matchups in the eighth inning, and Holland still seemed strong.
Wednesdays through Fridays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Heckscher Museum of Art, 2 Prime Avenue.
But initially there was no role for Ms. Rudolph, who Ms. Spivey said balanced work and parenting much more smoothly.
''Because it got to the essence of the question, which is: 'Where are we in the history of cancer and how did we get here'?''
Mr. Santorum called it “major increases in taxes on people.” Mr. Perry added, “Let me tell you something: you don’t have to have a big analysis to figure this one out.” He said it would not work.
Over the last year, there have been signs of the move paying off for the Islanders, who signed Kabanov to a three-year, entry level contract on July 1.
He could run against another Republican in a new 10th, possibly Mr. Dold, and then face a very competitive race against a Democrat.
He persuaded banks to refinance city debts and accept a moratorium on some debt payments, and he got municipal unions to invest their pension funds in Municipal Assistance Corporation bonds.
And if Ms. DuVernay is correct in her belief that African-American viewers want more movies than they are getting from conventional distributors, the movement will eventually reach about four dozen cities where black-oriented festivals have been gaining strength, even as black film languishes in the studio world.
Five received an acceptable rating in one or more of the tests.
Connecticut Repertory Theater, 802 Bolton Road.
Completed around June 2010, it concluded that it would be lawful to target Mr. Awlaki if he were to be located and it was infeasible to capture him.
Stone Barns Center for Food and Agriculture, 630 Bedford Road.
In recent days, he had gone from Los Angeles to Las Vegas to New York to promote his May welterweight fight against Shane Mosley , and now, as the train rumbled south, the part of the trip he anticipated most beckoned.
For a Civil War buff, the most interesting of these, and the only ones I read with any care, are the trilogy beginning with “ Gettysburg ,” continuing with “Grant Comes East” and concluding with “Never Call Retreat.” These are what the trade calls counterfactuals: the authors rewrite the pivotal events of history and then see how the alternative narrative might have played out.
Dinner for two, with wine, about 150 euros.
He was particularly active with and loyal to Harvard, president of various alumni organizations, interviewing applicants and recruiting athletes for decades, and following Harvard athletics.
That is because Giants turnovers have virtually disappeared.
Presumably, he also didn’t need being repeatedly cast as a deadbeat in the tabloids.
Tanner Glass had whiffed at an open shot in the second period, then tried a feeble backhand sweep, which Thomas smothered.
So why not ignore the data if he knows it is wrong?
They could start by declaring freshmen ineligible for intercollegiate sports to encourage them to focus on their classwork.
Though these tours are usually directed at incoming students, you can go without a high school junior in tow.
(A student from New York would pay about $160 for $1 million worth of ISOS coverage for a four-month trip to Japan.)
LEROY GRANNIS began surfing in 1931, when he was a 14-year-old in Hermosa Beach, Calif.
Though the poverty rate in the city rose faster than it did nationwide and the Bronx remained the poorest urban county in the country, New York still had a smaller proportion of poor people than many other major cities, including Miami , Dallas , Houston , Chicago , Minneapolis , Los Angeles and Boston .
They wonder “how strongly he feels about their issues.” But Mr. Land added that “most evangelicals and social conservatives don’t think the country can survive four more years of Barack Obama .” Ralph Reed , the director of the Faith and Freedom Coalition, said Mr. Romney’s strategy might work to his advantage.
“It was easy access,” she said.
MOROCCO Several thousand protesters staged demonstrations in cities around the country to demand more political changes, The A.P.
It’s all we’ve got left.
With Justin Morneau and Jim Thome on the Twins’ bench, Girardi said he wanted Soriano on the mound in case they pinch-hit, which they did.
People with information about the suspects are asked to contact the Police Department’s Crime Stoppers unit .
$2.23 million 181 East 90th St., The Metropolitan 2,075-sq.-ft. condo in a 7-year-old building; 24-hr.
It consists entirely of sounds and dialogue from people performing the quintessential Soviet act: joining a long line to buy something, without knowing what.
''That is how it was in business, and that is how it is with the illness.''
Yet the studio artist can’t help but feel defensive about creating luxury décor for rich collectors.
Later a Republic of Texas separatist, he served time in prison after helping distribute fraudulent cashier’s checks.
They have left a heritage.
The bridegroom, who wore a $10 three-piece suit he found at the Salvation Army, said to Ms. Berrigan, “I feel so lucky, so privileged and ridiculously happy to have your love.” There were no guests, just their friend and officiant, the Rev.
While the boat was being shipped to Cape Town, boat builders there made an 18-foot-by-11-foot mold from three-dimensional drawings of the forward hull and fabricated a foam-cored replica of that section of the boat.
But for the riders, this finish was no party.
Afterward, Contador answered questions behind a fence and said his knee felt fine.
The western subspecies, however, was not part of that slow reversal.
Mr. Wilmshurst said that since the March 26 document, engineers had calculated that the amount of hydrogen produced would be small.
We look at firing squads as barbaric, not because we have any solid reasons for believing that lethal injection is more gentle, but only because they remind us of the past, and we believe as an article of faith that in the past people were less enlightened than we are.
But Mr. Hoover said that the situation there had been “reviewed.” The bottom line: “We will be taking them out there, too,” he said.
Pay for it by soliciting state and city money and private donations as well as requesting that Rudin contribute to the construction and endow a maintenance fund.
Mr. Strauss-Kahn resigned as managing director of the International Monetary Fund after his arrest.
He shouldn’t shy away from consulting advanced statistics and using them in specific game situations.
Gross would explore an appeal.
(This after being rejected by countless other toy companies, according to its Hungarian creator, Erno Rubik, a onetime professor who had devised the brain teaser in 1974 to demonstrate to students the plasticity of 3-D design.)
A recent series of tragedies, though, has shocked the national conscience and spurred the search for solutions.
One winter night when he was 11, he sneaked into the Overtons’s yard to fish for crawdads with his friend Bob Earles.
Standard & Poor’s, in fact, expressed its own disillusionment on Friday night by taking the long-term sovereign credit rating of the United States down a notch.
The new car's styling was influenced by the $2 million special-edition One-77; only 77 of those are being built, and as of December 60 had been sold.
But the report called the force “excessive and unreasonable,” saying that the loss of life was unacceptable and that the Israeli military’s later treatment of passengers was abusive.
Imitating Boogaard’s deep voice and sideways smirk, he added: “ ‘Look at Mike.
Buried in Jupiter Cemetery in Bristol, his stone marker was engraved “30 years a faithful servant to Gen. Burnside, at Home and in the Field.” Burnside died four years later.
The Riverhead Project is an upscale, white-tablecloth place with a clientele to match.
This avoids the problem of seeming to favor one merchant over another.
Some of the hallmarks of the first album return: the forceful, swinging use of space between the drums on “Hold Your Hand,” or the surf-rock guitars on “Just a Creep,” which bear the indelible stamp of 2009.
Compared with $25 a pound for boneless New York strip, Dickson’s shaved steak is a bargain at $9 a pound.
“We need it clean,” the sound man shouted.
So the revised idea is that it would switch to electricity from wind at certain hours and save the wood pulp for burning as needed later.
“It’s kind of beautiful in a way,” she recalls on the recording she made and listened to over and over as part of her treatment.
Rick Perry is running for president.
Mr. Tetzlaff’s cool precision blended well with Ms. Weithaas’s slightly mellower sound in lucid performances of 14 of the duos.
With these actors it’s entirely credible when declarations of love and near hatred are uttered in almost the same breath.
Another story from the Beatles’ early years highlights the importance of heeding feedback, even when it’s not what you want to hear.
Groupon, audaciously, rejected the bid.
“We wouldn’t have known if my friend hadn’t noticed that thing.” Mr. O’Hanlon organized a group that included other local business owners, including John Lum, an architect on 17th Street whose firm faced the prospect of losing its loading zone.
The force of the explosion was so great that it shook windows in many surrounding towns, according to Iranian news sites and witnesses quoted at the time.
He loved debate and never shied away from a political discussion.
If it seems as though German manufacturers are on the leading edge of new, gas-free urban transportation solutions, it is due in no small part to the European Union’s strict pollution controls.
But she is determined to find work before her benefits run out and plans to expand her search to include light industrial manufacturing.
Over the last two years, federal prosecutors in Manhattan have charged 52 people with crimes related to insider trading.
plant, which employs 925 in Shreveport, La., was the first site in the United States where vehicle assembly was halted as a result of the March 11 earthquake and tsunami.
On the surface “Higher Ground” looks like a religious movie.
For millions of women, the Ferraro nomination was validation, as meaningful to them as President Obama’s election was to African-Americans and John F. Kennedy’s election was to Roman Catholics.
And yet, while Levitt’s music was danceable and solidly interesting, Grisell’s vocals left the audience pondering whether or not we are in for a revival of that No-Wave school of “Can’t sing?
The Haitian government, beset by political and other crises, has failed to do its job.
Asked if he had spoken to Mr. Turner about any other issues, Mr. Ben-Hooren said no.
Genel has stakes in two producing oil fields, a major natural gas discovery and significant exploration acreage in Kurdistan, the semiautonomous northern province of Iraq, Vallares said.
Meanwhile, although the first four or five states have moved up their dates, the primary calendar is still fairly back-loaded overall.
Over Mr. Nevius’s objections, the film, originally titled “A Wing and a Prayer,” was renamed “Farrah’s Story,” echoing the 1970 film “Love Story,” in which Mr. O’Neal played a husband devoted to his terminally ill wife.
But Elena Salgado, the Spanish finance minister, insisted Tuesday that Spain was on track to meet its fiscal targets this year.
Unfortunately, while Mr. Paulson may be bullish on the long-term prospects for the United States and the nation’s ability to pay back its debts, he is less convinced that a solution will come anytime soon.
It’s in the conversation here and elsewhere in the United States about Medicaid and how much leeway the federal government should allow along with all of the money it provides for that program, about the strings attached to other federal money, like the requirements Texas refused to adopt for its unemployment insurance program in 2009, forfeiting $556 million, or the state’s decision against applying for $700 million in federal Race to the Top money for education.
Toyota might be on the defensive, if only because of its many reputation-tarnishing recalls in the last year.
Recent events have made it perfectly clear why it’s so much easier to bear college basketball’s ethical potholes than college football’s: in the end, the politicking and elbow-rubbing and who-knows-how-many-dollars handshakes give way to a tournament that decides a champion.
“I wanted each area to be able to be a work space as well as something else.” Her new space was a long time coming.
He said, ‘If you need my help, I’m there for you.’ I said, ‘Thank you,’ and that was the end of the conversation.” Mr. Bernard said he never went back to Mr. Sharpton to ask him to get involved because “there was really no need to request his services.” “It was good enough to me to know that he had already offered his support,” Mr. Bernard said.
And it’s feng shui.” As his end of Brooklyn has gentrified over the past decade, Mr. Distenfeld has had a field day.
This illustrated biography of Marie and Pierre Curie lays bare their childhoods, their headlong love story, their scientific collaboration and the way their toxic discoveries, which included radium and polonium, poisoned them in slow motion.
9 Brigham Young (22-2, 8-1 Mountain West) won at home to sweep its season series against U.N.L.V.
CHRISTIN WISMANN and Dr. FRANCESCO RUBINO.
Declarer could have conceded a heart to East, ruffed two diamonds in his hand and cashed all of his black-suit winners to catch East.
Here one approach is to cite more advanced features of the newborn (like consciousness, the capacity to feel pain or the ability to survive outside the womb) that might be thought to give it moral standing.
In Tuesday’s Times, Steve Lohr writes about a new software tool that can detect to what extent beauty and fashion photos have been retouched, ranking them on a 1-to-5 scale.
And with those positions, he said, even if there is a Greek default, “the effects are very small.” At the European Central Bank , Eszter Miltenyi, a spokeswoman, said: “This is much too sensitive I think for us to have a conversation on this.” On Wall Street, traders are debating whether the industry’s process for unwinding credit-default swaps would run smoothly if Greece defaulted.
That way, when he peeks at the runner, Shields can accurately measure his lead based on how close he is to the cutout.
“It had an important role that is necessary in popular revolts for the solidarity of protesters,” the newspaper Romania Libera quoted him as saying on Tuesday.
In general, “we’re looking for anyone who might be violating a U.S. law and is posing a threat to the country,” she explained.
Or does it make any difference?
(Prince Albert, who spent time with his mother’s family in the United States while growing up and studied at Amherst College, speaks flawless English.)
These are Mr. Leonard’s African masks, fetish objects and protection pieces, collected through dealers and his own extensive travels over two decades.
In the end, there was no default, but the fact that some politicians seemed to think one was a good idea was unsettling to investors.
A triumph for this British fashion designer — who died at 40, by his own hand, last year — and for the curator Andrew Bolton of the Met’s Costume Institute, this career retrospective is ethereal and gross, graceful and manipulative, and poised on a line where fashion turns into something else.
Recommended for less-than-precocious children with a hundred dollars to burn (2:45).
Mr. Forstall is talking about how more than 1 billion apps are downloaded in a month.
The longest match began to feel more like a distraction, and it drained Isner, who fought injuries and confidence issues into May, nearly 10 months later.
Rehan Tabassum is in a bad way.
The familiar analog sticks and shoulder triggers work as expected.
The succession of problems at Daiichi was initially difficult to interpret — with confusion compounded by incomplete and inconsistent information provided by government officials and executives of the plant’s operator, Tokyo Electric Power.
He’s taken to writing longhand on the big wooden board his father used for composing “The Pursuit of the Millennium.” A photo of Norman Cohn, handsome with a Rasputin beard, sits on a side table not far away.
While it might be wishful thinking, Ms. Giffords’s noncampaign is already having a major effect on Arizona politics; other prospective Democratic candidates say they feel compelled not to jump in unless she bows out, allowing Republicans to get a head start organizing their campaigns.
PATINKIN When you can’t learn the lines or there’s a problem, continually, with the scene, something’s wrong.
San Joaquin County, Calif., Transportation Authority, $211.8 million of sales tax revenue bonds.
From there, it would be only a matter of time before providers abandoned Medicaid beneficiaries for private consumers en masse, thereby vitiating the animating purpose of the Medicaid program.
But visitors often leave without a real sense of the island’s rich, pre-Communist past, much less its inscrutable present — both the subjects of new photo books.
Colson Whitehead is a literary novelist, but his latest book, “Zone One,” features zombies, which means horror fans and gore gourmands will soon have him on their radar.
By the end of the third quarter, he had three times as many nine turnovers (9) as field goals (3).
The automatic increase will begin with payments that go to nearly 55 million Social Security beneficiaries in January.
We’ve got to just go out and play.
spies who had penetrated the militant group.
But in Game 2, the Rangers crafted an alternative ending to the script by manufacturing a two-run rally to win, 2-1, and even the World Series at one game apiece.
It’s not that the world of cork extractors has lacked high-end devices, or even expensive waiter’s friends.
This Friday at 1 and 3 p.m. the museum will screen “A Muppet Family Christmas,” a feature film, and “A Classic Henson Holiday,” a compilation of clips from various Henson shows.
THE POWER OF NOW, by Eckhart Tolle.
Clement Price, a prominent Newark historian, concurred that state control should not end without a serious public debate over the kind of school board that would replace it.
reported stronger-than-expected earnings, helped by the recovery of its finance arm and a rise in revenue at its industrial units, including a sharp pickup in sales of locomotives.
THE BLOG: Read more about health and wellness issues at nytimes.com/well.
Theater CROTON FALLS Schoolhouse Theater “Dancing at Lughnasa,” drama by Brian Friel.
Meanwhile, British authorities are looking into how UBS failed to detect the losses run up by Kweku M. Adoboli, who was charged with one count of fraud and two counts of false accounting, DealBook reports.
There are three such concessioner-run legacy hotels at the park, erected by the Great Northern Railroad to lure tourism.
“The government never declared it existed until 1974,” said Anthony Miller, a member of the executive board of the Palm Beach Maritime Museum, a nonprofit organization that leases part of the land on Peanut Island and runs a charter school and gives tours of the bunker and the former Coast Guard station.
“You need a haircut between races because they need so much time between starts,” he said.
RAMSDELL--Edwin A.,89, Mantoloking, NJ, died October 19, 2011.
program of musical theater, led the first half of the program, starting with Jerry Bock’s overture to the musical “Fiorello” in tribute to Mr. Bloomberg’s predecessor in office and on the podium.
Zediva’s secret is so outrageous, you may think it’s an early April Fool’s prank.
“They made me get up and searched me,” he told me.
Before the race, Fleshman read through what she called a training diary to psych herself up.
“He picked up on it because this is his life,” I said.
I first set foot in America 46 years ago during the summer before entering university, and I’ve since visited as often as I could.
Semoran Boulevard is a state road, which involves a separate department and a denser bureaucracy.
Subsequently, Barry Watkins, an MSG spokesman, said that the acquisition by the Knicks of Carmelo Anthony, the 100 percent rise in Knicks ratings and Time Warner Cable’s multibillion dollar deal with the Lakers had changed the sports rights landscape.
A bipartisan Congressional committee is charged with coming up with its own cuts by Dec. 23; otherwise $1.2 trillion in cuts to defense and entitlement programs will go into effect automatically in 2013.
A certified public accountant , Katz oversees all aspects of Sterling’s businesses, directs Sterling’s day-to-day real estate operations and oversees those company businesses that are not involved in real estate, the Madoff trustee said in court papers.
Long Island Aquarium and Exhibition Center, 431 East Main Street.
She said that E was successful financially, but not as much as it could be because some advertisers were reluctant to buy some of E's ''celeb-reality'' shows.
In some churches, Justice Anthony Kennedy observes, there aren’t “full time ministers at all; they’re all ministers.” So does everyone fall under the exception and can a non-hierarchical church simply declare that none of its members can seek redress for acts of discrimination because they’re all ministers?
But he has tried to explain his reluctance on gay marriage as an expression of his Christianity, even though he rarely goes to church and is the picture of a secular humanist.
The label also displays a quick-response code that can be read by some smartphones to generate model literature and other data about the vehicle.
However, while my stationery was personalized, I don’t think it was embossed.
We don’t know how many people have committed suicide as a result of what happened.” HE noted with mystification that the Murphy report quoted one preying priest telling a bishop that he “wouldn’t be doing this if it wasn’t a working-class parish.
She spoke her mind, though she now concedes that perhaps she did so too often and too sharply.
“If you have a good rocket, you can reach moon,” John Tomic said.
He vastly expanded the library, introduced new programs, built dormitories and “brought extraordinary faculty to this law school,” Mr. Revesz said.
You have to wait around for the right conditions, and shoot quickly.
In 1989, he provoked a seven-hour stand-off with the Onondaga County Sheriff’s Office that ended with the SWAT team lobbing tear gas into the basement where he had been hiding.
Hilary Adler, Mr. Chapman’s lawyer and vice president of Handle With Care, added in an e-mail that her client and Handle With Care “have been staunch supporters of gay, transsexual and transgender rights.” Handle With Care’s literature says its restraint technique is “versatile, effective, painless, safe and easy to apply.” But at least one deadly incident raises questions.
“And I think they can smile knowing this governor has made a very quick transition.”
At the same time, the vehicles’ quality — the subject of a billboard alongside the freeway in front of the Montgomery plant — has improved greatly, to the point that persuading shoppers to try a Hyundai is far easier, said Rob Butler, who has owned the Butler Hyundai dealership in Indianapolis since 1988.
That hardly made sense as part of a corporate development strategy.
According to news reports, President Obama used the Maxwell House Haggadah at Seders at the White House in 2009 and 2010.
Bob Vander Plaats, president of the Family Leader, a conservative advocacy group popular with evangelical Christians here, has been saying supportive things recently about Newt Gingrich , suggesting that social conservatives are open to looking past his extramarital affairs and two divorces as they make a choice in the Republican presidential race.
Even though we might wake up in the middle of the night worrying about preservatives in our kids’ food, we’re still not above lamenting how the little bastards have robbed us of our God-given right to lie down on the floor in front of “The Bachelorette” and eat Flamin’ Hot Cheetos for dinner.
But experts here say Russia will most likely demand painful concessions in return.
One man jumped the barricade, sprinted to an American flag resting on a tree in the park, and grabbed it.
Ms. Balbert wanted Officer Mata to admit from the witness stand that a fake 911 call made by his patrol partner, Kenneth Moreno , also on trial for rape, was illegal.
But the White House’s strategy was confused — at first, calling for a “clean” vote on the debt ceiling, but soon backing off that position without a clear set of objectives to replace it.
I’d like him to come in.
“You want to show intent in a final and show you want to win it,” Dhoni said.
“We need to end this game or it will become a joke.” In 2010 Mr. Renzi signed an agreement that the National Geographic Society would pay Florence $250,000 in exchange for the right to publish the results of Mr. Seracini’s research first, and to develop other Florence-related projects.
And understanding that sometimes a lie is really a subconscious scream for help.
From the Bears’ point of view, it’s hard to imagine this season getting any more bizarre, but David Haugh writes in The Chicago Tribune that perhaps the team could have steered clear of this one had it been a bit more diligent in checking on Hurd before it signed him as a free agent last summer.
For half a century, since her first novel, “The Country Girls,” was published in 1960, O’Brien has written prose so rich and three-dimensional you can feel it land like rain on new leaves.
He opens only by invitation, when he feels like it.
Nor does Gorenberg waste much ink crediting various Israeli governments with trying, over the years, to reach an equitable arrangement with the Palestinians (most notably under the aegis of Bill Clinton at Camp David).
When Ms. Dozier got there, the funeral home workers had not yet arrived and she ignored her family’s admonition to stay away from the body.
Ohio State (12-1) was trying to snap an 0-9 record against Southeastern Conference teams in bowl games and gain some respect for the Big Ten after a dismal performance on New Year’s Day, when the league went 0-5 — including three losses to SEC teams.
Gary Tallman, an Army spokesman, said a panel of experts had completed a medical and mental evaluation of Private Manning.
Alongside these two forces of nature, Mr. Massey (a replacement Gabe in “Next to Normal”) wisely and charmingly underplays his material, which includes two of the show’s strongest songs, as does Savannah Wise as his virginal sweetie.
Other looming challenges, he said, are how to manage the National Guard and Reserve forces during wartime, properly carry out policies that end the ban on gay men and lesbians serving openly in the military, and expand efforts to halt sexual assault in the armed forces.
And if nothing else, it should afford a respite of several decades before we read hand-wringing reports about the graying of the Issue Project Room audience.
All of them, he said, seem happy to be there.
Based on Fallows’s three-year sojourn in China, her insightful chronicle of learning Mandarin uses key phrases and concepts to unlock aspects of society, casting light along the way on many idiosyncrasies of the Chinese view of the world.
“I know he’s not the best player.
JAMIE HANSEN Something Old, Something New These days, Homer Lane features 10 rusting mailboxes standing guard at the edge of a small, unpaved drive, facing off against a sleek new mansion.
I thought, I’m going to scale my life way back, I’m sick of being on the road all the time, living in L.A., just trying to make ends meet there.
“These things happen,” Showalter was saying Tuesday night.
This is probably the right time to mention that yes, Mr. Estevez has seen — and laughed at — a current TV commercial for Charles Schwab in which a man saving for retirement mocks the poor investment advice he’s been given oven the years by saying, “A vineyard?
If all goes according to the revised plan, he will arrive at the French Open in May having played just seven tournaments this year.
I had someone tell me that the best thing to do was to file for bankruptcy.
(Chinen) ★ Charles Mingus Orchestra (Tuesday) This tireless repertory band, one of three carrying the musical torch of the bassist-composer Charles Mingus, works often enough to have a strong sense of itself.
For while the French believe in long, candlelight dinners, they “don’t believe in brown paper bags,” Ms. Ireland said, and she’d just as soon avoid long hours spent hunting for them in France.
Playing halfback and fullback, Johnson, 6 feet 2 inches and 210 pounds or so, looked to intimidate opposing linemen by charging directly at them, and when he did not run over them, he used his quickness to cut and then head downfield.
But TV reviewing is not as easy as it used to be, back when a newspaper could reasonably be expected to review every show.
“I’ve been saying since Day 1 that obesity is a disease” and best treated by doctors, said Dr. Kaplan, who predicted that most insurers would follow Medicare and cover obesity treatment within a year.
8 p.m. Saturday, 123 West 43rd Street, Manhattan, (212) 840-2824, the-townhall-nyc.org; $39-$54.
The executives said that the switch used equipment from several manufacturers, which they would not identify, and that its failure was not preceded by any substantial changes to the network’s hardware or software.
Beltran, 34, may have become a potential value player for a team looking for outfield depth.
That is a decline of 10 percent, even before taking inflation into account.
“If things don’t change pretty soon, chances are that the two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict will slip through our fingers,” Ben-Ami writes.
Lemon is the flavoring of choice, and it perks up the taste of almost all Greek dishes, like the dramatic appetizer saganaki, in which a piece of kefalogravierais is brought flaming to the table, where this extremely salty cheese can then be scooped up with pieces of pita.
Apter Memorial Chapel, 415 Morris Avenue in Springfield with interment to follow at Mt.
Conrad Teitell, chairman of the national charitable planning group at the law firm Cummings & Lockwood, said, “People give because they want to help the charity,” and the new tax law, while not the reason for giving, can be a boon for the charitably inclined.
The historians Charles Allen and Sharada Dwivedi have been working on the giant coffee-table book for three decades.
Communal garden plots on the roof will let tenants grow their own fruits and vegetables and provide a destination for walkers who can either climb up to them from the courtyard or step down to them after a workout.
Eventually, Mr. Little found his way to Catholic Charities Archdiocese of New York , one of the seven agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund.
The diplomatic response came against a backdrop of military preparations which Allied officials hoped would help convince Soviet Premier Nikita S. Khrushchev that, if worst comes to worst, they will fight for Berlin.
Still, no ballet choreographer loses more than Balanchine by being accompanied by recorded sound: both the source and the texture of the music feel distinctly wrong.
Some advertisers, mercifully, mixed old spots with newcomers, among them Coca-Cola and Hyundai Motor America.
BREWERS PUT TWO ON D.L.
Ireland’s government also collapsed after its tough austerity measures failed to persuade investors to provide it financing at affordable rates.
I was in some kind of episode about the couch.''
One last point: I see that David Brooks is arguing that the oligarchy issue, if it matters at all, is a coastal phenomenon, not the issue in the heartland.
The companies that create these series are small, are popping up in unexpected places — like Mr. Michaud’s home — and are creating unlikely stars in lucrative niches.
“The way Lorin came in and played changed the tone of the game; everything changed,” Auriemma said.
We mourn the passing of Terry Monaghan, the co-founder of London's Jiving Lindy Hoppers, who played a major role in the world-wide revival of Swing.
The financial results announced Tuesday highlighted Oracle’s overall health while a number of other big technology companies are slumping.
And my son’s first camp-out was here.” Heartwarming, though since Mr. Diedricksen has not offered to demonstrate his heating system, it is not heating any other part of the reporter, so we move briskly on to the next structure.
Relations between Maria de los Santos and the landlord of her railroad apartment in Bushwick, Brooklyn, soured after she filed a complaint in 2007 over lack of heat.
Among the items the “Meek’s” travelers have brought with them from back East — Bibles, blankets, housewares — is a bird cage with what looks like a yellow parakeet inside.
Fourth course: braised stinco from Ardigna in Sicily.
The online searches, however, were “blatantly taken out of context,” he said, and had nothing to do with Marvel.
What we need is a combination of transparent losses where bad loans were made, combined with a ring-fencing approach that protects sound governments and companies.
Then the police would go door to door and examine what video was stuck inside players.
But 10 went blind, and three who used it in only one eye went blind in that eye.
He never lost touch with reality.” And now, Drury returns to reality as a former star.
¶The difficulty of obtaining health care for the mentally ill. ¶The toxic and inflammatory political rhetoric in this country.
Another part of this land was owned by a widow, Judith Carter Henry, who had left much of the farm fallow after her husband’s death a few years earlier; it had grown up in cedar and pine.
She said the ruling was not final for 50 days, and Comcast will ask the commission to stay its implementation.
“The Book of Mormon,” the year’s biggest hit, is on one level as cheerful and predictable an organic musical as anything Rodgers and Hammerstein might have come up with.
So why was the heavy metal of Judas Priest’s “Living After Midnight” accompanying these boxy, black Prada-esque clothes that seemed plain to a fault, give or take the knickers with Lurex-striped socks?
Brokers: Coldwell Banker Residential; Century 21 AA Realty.
Just as Uncharted 3 is a must-have for owners of the PlayStation 3, Skyward Sword is essential for players who enjoy the Wii for anything more than bowling.
Another night, our server called it fusion, a coming together of Italian, American and Asian.
Another disappointed feather-seeker was on the other end.
From a distance, he looked like any other middle-aged gearhead, gingerly parking his sleek Corvette, its tires freshly shined, and then making the rounds among scores of other muscle cars lined up at an auto show here.
In his first public comments since last July, Dolan denied any rift with his top basketball executives and disputed reports that Isiah Thomas, the former team president, played any role in the Anthony deal.
“I had a date, which ended up making out under the view of the Hollywood sign, but nothing too crazy,” says Moby, who is so slight as to be almost as much of a caricature as the drawing on his gray T-shirt.
From the top: Dunhill oxford, $520 at dunhill.com.
Nathalie de La Fontaine, the owner, had commissioned Pierre Przysiezniak , a Canadian painter, to create the murals for a different project many years ago that fell through.
will cover publicly traded firms and investment advisers.
is all reactive.” The former Internal Affairs investigator said that nearly all investigative work was spent looking into the thousands of complaints it received each year, many of which were brought anonymously, often with the complainant unable to identify the suspect officers.
Many members of Congress have urged such action, but Mr. Obama, like President George W. Bush before him, has been too timid to take this step.
All states currently pay 26 weeks of unemployment benefits, before extended benefits paid by the federal government kick in.
As a woman’s movie, however, it’s the end of the line.
He is survived by his children, Robert Peter Miller Jr. Sarah Elizabeth Miller, Christopher Richard Miller, and a grandson, Alden Miller Gaussoin all of Manhattan and two brothers, Alfred Peter Miller III and Paul Joseph Miller.
There were hurdles to the deal.
“They have to watch Jeremy.” His success has coincided with a shift in the town’s identity, connecting its sleepy past with a booming present.
For eight years, Nima Habashna has been garnering online support for the rights of Jordanian women to pass on their citizenship to their non-Jordanian spouses and children.
résumé includes 19 years of front-office work, including seven seasons as the general manager of the Toronto Raptors, who rose from the draft lottery to the playoffs under his leadership.
But the chairman of UBS, Kaspar Villiger, said Thursday in a speech to a business group in Bern that “it was a very professionally managed case of fraud, possibly by one person acting alone,” and that he felt “personally disappointed.” UBS fired Mr. Adoboli, who lives in Bethnal Green, London, on Thursday, British regulators said.
Lightweight 17-inch alloy wheels with low-rolling-resistance tires save 5.3 pounds at each corner.
Rice has terrific lateral agility and the sturdy low center of gravity to shake off tacklers.
The grading system imposed by Klein that has bestowed three consecutive A’s on González is based in part on how well 223 does on state tests.
A pamphlet for parents of teenage drivers on the Motor Vehicle Commission’s Web site says teenage drivers with two or more teenage passengers are five times more likely to be involved in a fatal crash than those with none.
But like I.B.M., it has deep reservoirs of technical and research expertise.
Some in publishing fear these moves, worrying that Amazon will turn into Godzilla, with traditional publishers serving as the city underfoot (it already has brick-and-mortar book stores squished in its toes).
Usually, this does not involve people landing in the hospital, but recent events highlight what a fine line we’ve been walking on that front.
Now, divers say they have found the wreck intact and they estimate its cargo at up to 240 tons of silver -- a trove worth more than $200 million.
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation took over First State Bank of Camargo, Okla., with $43.5 million in assets, and Evergreen State Bank, based in Stoughton, Wis., with $246.5 million in assets.
Others might read it as pure promotion.
Despite its peppery language and the presence of characters who stay on the shady side of the law, “Hat” has some of the appeal of the middle-class comedies of relationships by Ms. Reza or, to go farther back, Neil Simon.
If a bunch of part-time artists could do it, so could everyone.
The Department of Defense has identified 1,819 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations.
“Honda has a production system that it uses every place in the world.
Victims lay both inside and outside the restaurant in the wake of the shooting.
Giants starter Jonathan Sanchez had nothing, and Manager Bruce Bochy removed him quickly, before he could lose the game.
In those days, the Bush administration argued that the Clean Air Act did not permit the agency to issue regulations addressing climate change , and that it would be unwise to do so in any event.
Countless writers’ Web sites have popped up in recent years, including Writers Cafe , Protagonize and Mibba , but executives at Penguin said other sites did not provide so comprehensive an experience as the site they wanted to create.
But Davis’s life this summer, derailed by an unexpectedly debilitating ankle injury, has been anything but ordinary.
4:10 p.m. | Updated Adding some details on the origin of the site and interview with its creator.
The museum has quickly become a valued cultural resource for this city of 20 million, bucking the trend of India’s other major national museums, which have low acquisition budgets and are seen in the local art world as lacking innovation.
I said I was finished, then I said thank you.” This time he was.
But, he added, “I believe that this movement of change cannot be turned back, and that we must stand alongside those who believe in the same core principles that have guided us through many storms: our opposition to violence directed against one’s own citizens; our support for a set of universal rights, including the freedom for people to express themselves and choose their leaders; our support for governments that are ultimately responsive to the aspirations of the people.” The president’s remarks were timed to coincide with the formal handover of control over the Libya campaign to NATO, scheduled for Wednesday.
Mr. Hawass has said the hats have raised about $500,000 for charity, a figure that Exhibit Merchandising characterized as too high.
The officers saw the other deer on the riprap, just outside the railing that runs along the waterfront of Shore Road Park .
By this time the Woodland-Silver patent had lapsed, and the committee examined submissions from more than a dozen technology companies.
Meanwhile, the remaining American troops are to withdraw by this fall, unless Iraqi leaders say otherwise.
This was where you went to arrange sex, plain and simple, and I’d led them to believe I had a similar goal.
“We don’t want a merciful end for Qaddafi and his sons,” said Aziz al-Arabi, a 30-year-old Syrian.
It’s clearly the most obvious, most cost-effective intervention we could use to dramatically change the course of H.I.V.
With only Islanders defenseman Mark Streit standing between himself and the goal, Dubinsky fired a wrist shot past Streit and goaltender Evgeni Nabokov to open the scoring.
The pale-gray color scheme is a paean to the site’s resident elephant herd.
On the other hand, 1974 was a great year to be a punter: punts per team per game increased to 5.5 from 4.9.
“But there used to be a whole shantytown here.
And companies prefer it that way.
This tournament is played using screens, which run diagonally across the table.
The attacks began about midday when gunmen opened fire on an Israeli passenger bus carrying soldiers and civilians from the southern city of Beersheba to Eilat.
“These are the kind of problems you probably don’t have in an urban area,” he said.
They showed that two members had favored more aggressive action to stimulate the economy, essentially putting fears of a further slowdown ahead of inflation concerns.
All were 48 seconds behind Vanendert.
And when they do ask, it can be in ineffective ways.
Last season against New England, he threw for 387 yards.
But in a twist, what if she were a liberal hippie?
“He’s a good kid, just misunderstood.” For all the attention and good intentions and well-meaning efforts to help, I do think small businesses are often misunderstood.
Greg Hicks, whose King Lear for the company was finest at his most furious, gives a performance of cool ferocity as Leontes, the king of Sicilia, seized by a sudden fit of jealousy that upends the court.
But unlike Mr. Bush, Mr. Obama cast the United States in a supporting, almost reluctant role, reflecting the clear desire of the Pentagon, which has been strongly resistant to another American war in the Middle East.
This is why eventually we will have to accept that we’ve lost, because we aren’t sure what winning means.
Your first decision is where to pick up the narrative.
About the Best Sellers: These lists are an expanded version of those appearing in the December 18, 2011 print edition of the Book Review, reflecting sales for the week ending December 3, 2011.
The current underwriting system works, but only if you are a larger issuer or in a hot market.
In addition to being politically well connected, the bank has been Afghanistan’s most successful, with an extensive network of branches nationwide and innovative promotions, like a popular lottery for depositors.
The armed services have identified about $100 billion in savings over five years.
“TALF really helped the markets to recover,” said Mike Millette, who is responsible for the structured finance group at Goldman Sachs.
“They are not a front-runner,” the representative said.
Oh yes, and the police have zeroed in on one more reporter: Ms. Hill.
They seemed genuinely happy and not self-conscious at all, and repeatedly raised their milkshakes to toast the couple, the McDonald’s management representatives and even the journalists covering the event.
“Not after all these years.
You have a good forehead for it.” And as Doc warns Tiff, who is his niece and Essie’s great-granddaughter, about Essie: “She’s already outlived two husbands.
Both sides see these fixes as too costly and detrimental to nearer-term economic goals.
The next day we decided to go to Sandy Hook, N.J., where we had never been, and we piled the baby back in the car with juice and towels and sandwiches.
I’ve always felt just a tad out of place and hoped that one day I’d find my own corner of the sky.
The video promotion with Rhianna and other artists took place on the Web site doritoslatenight.com.
But by 2009 the adventure was over as the front office said it could no longer afford his high salary.
“I am a believer in serendipity.” Kelly, whose grandfather Raymond J. Kelly was the sports editor of The New York Times from 1937 to 1958, said part of the allure of his new job was to align himself with the two New York teams, the N.F.L.
Page A9 National A CALL FOR OPENING ACCESS TO THE INTERNET AT SCHOOLS The first Banned Websites Awareness Day, organized by the American Association of School Librarians, was marked by several efforts, including a ''graffiti debate'' of censorship and e-mail campaigns by students to blocks on certain web sites.
EAST HAMPTON Guild Hall Selections from the Permanent Collection, highlighting works from the Pop Art Movement.
“I wish they’d carried him away in a hearse.” After 1965, with the new civil rights legislation on the books and Dr. King turning his attention to poverty and black problems in the urban North, Mr. Shuttlesworth remained focused on local issues in Birmingham and Cincinnati , where he had moved to take the pulpit of a black church.
Hollywood Heritage quickly denied it had any such thing in mind.
“If we played the whole game like we played the third period, it’d be a different story.” Brian Boyle, whose four shots were stopped, noted: “We’ve got to find some offense.
as the Indians moved 14 games over .500 for time since 2007.
Perhaps the Republicans on the committee will consider them — but it is unlikely that rank-and-file in the House will give their sign-off.
This makes a good argument for race’s being a social concept rather than a biological mandate.
After Uncle Mo’s win in the Kelso at Belmont earlier this month, the colorful Repole, who at times has been critical of decisions made by the Breeders’ Cup, made the following statements: “I love the Classic.
The mayor left that unsaid.
It takes it out of the medical dynamic.” What would persuade more hospitals and insurers to establish time banks?
That, and a whole lot of money.
“Our primary role here is oversight on the state programs,” he said, “but they are running the programs.
Also instructive is that Palm in its heyday appeared to enjoy needling Apple, though Apple was hesitant to take Palm to court.
Refining and marketing’s pretax profit fell to $1.82 billion from $1.85 billion.
It’s almost enough to make one nostalgic for that war, as opposed to the mess we’re in now.
North Waziristan is a stronghold of the Haqqani network, the Taliban offshoot run by Sirajuddin Haqqani.
In multiplayer mode, Call of Duty games are about hair-trigger reflexes and gunning down opponents at close range.
The farmers say that between 1981 and 1997, the Agriculture Department ignored their complaints about local officials who unfairly denied them farm loans and other aid.
So whatever I’m doing a lot of people are seeing.
Last year, they could arrive only by helicopter, such was the threat of roadside bombs and ambushes.
“The companies don’t want to be tied to wage increases and would rather put more money into incentive plans,” said Ron Harbour, head of the auto division of the consulting firm Oliver Wyman.
For “One Life to Live,” the audience fell to 2.6 million, from 3.2 million in 2006, and to a 1.0 rating from a 1.8 rating in women 18 to 49.
Schalke changed coaches two games ago, and the new man, Ralf Rangnick, had seen Inter on Sunday and decided the right approach was to attack the spaces Inter leaves at the back.
By definition, they’re susceptible or prone to stress-type injuries.” Two weeks ago, Cashman said that the Mets had “abused” Feliciano by pitching him so often.
This was a labor of love between Matt Ginsberg and Pete Muller (more about that in the constructor notes) and it highlights in a unique way a very special pop culture book by Tom Wolfe called The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test .
But I guess it’s the way things work there, and even if it is too spectacular, it sometimes proves to be quick and efficient.” Some political observers said that fears of an anti-American backlash were exaggerated and harmful.
Dustin Keller accounted for 101 of Mark Sanchez's 182 passing yards, and he bookended a third-quarter drive with critical catches.
FIFA would counter the controversies swirling around it by putting its future in the hands of the man who has led the organization since 1998.
He was one of the youngest members of the firm to make Partner in 1970 at the age of 36.
Over the years, it has collected a big portfolio of companies in all kinds of industries, including network analyzers and makers of microscopes and hand tools.
Chris Hughes, a founder of Facebook and executive director of Jumo, and Sean Eldridge, the political director of Freedom to Marry, are sticking to their wedding date next June.
Some people in the study reported having had more than a dozen stressful events, and it showed.
— I don’t really...” is all the guidance he can offer.
Although the levels of the chemical detected in France and Denmark were considered low, they indicated that the contamination was not contained, as previously indicated, to Germany, the Netherlands and Britain , where food with egg products reached store shelves.
But whatever it lacks in red carpets and seafood towers, it makes up for in the quality, quantity and variety of films.
With a delay of the injunction in place, the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals is likely to take several weeks, until late June at least, before ruling on the appeal.
Her eldest daughter, Caroline, became the first child in the family to graduate from high school and is now taking computer classes.
As I slowed down to admire the view, three black stallions bolted from a grove of pines barely 50 feet from us.
“She needs to show stronger leadership, but so far she hasn’t even revealed in what direction she really wants to move.” Events appear to be forcing Mrs. Merkel to tip her hand.
The latest rejoinder added to the response of Iran’s top leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , and his subordinates, who said on Wednesday that the suspected plot was concocted in Washington to distract Americans from their own traumatic economic problems, highlighted by the Occupy Wall Street movement.
PHOTOS: SAND BLAST: IN THE CARIBBEAN ON THE SAILBOAT CRYSTAL CLEAR.
“This is a kind of trend in the film exhibition business, to get you out of your house and into a theater.”
New York City Ballet has joined the corps of cultural institutions presenting performances on the big screen.
As previously reported, at the premiere of the new “Nabucco” at the Teatro dell’Opera in Rome, Riccardo Muti led an encore of “Va pensiero,” urging the audience to sing along in protest of the substantial cuts by the government of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi in cultural funding.
International ITALY'S PARLIAMENT PASSES BILL TO ELIMINATE DEFICIT BY 2014 The Italian Parliament gave final approval to a package of austerity measures that aims to eliminate the country's budget deficit by 2014.
Eastern Europe has been hit harder by the financial crisis and recession that began in 2008 than any other part of the world, with output plunging more than 5 percent in many countries.
The full schedule is at thelmagazine.com/newyork/NFSchedule2011/Page .
HOLLAND COTTER PHOTO: In Chelsea, ''Falling'' (1976) is part of the Pace Gallery's exhibition of Elizabeth Murray's comedic, thoroughly unaustere brand of formalism.
Lakeland Hospital, Fla., $77 million of regional hospital system debt securities.
Martin, young and tough on the wing, is an incumbent and currently the leader to stick.
“Without being asked, they said, ‘We can do it.’ ” Mr. Perry’s strength as a fund-raiser reflects, in large part, his tenure as governor — he is the longest-serving chief executive in Texas history — in a state that is a treasure trove of Republican money and has few restrictions on political giving.
Now, as he waits for his roommate, his close associate the Rev.
Debate By Ben Werschkul on Publish Date November 9, 2011. embed 12:49 p.m. | Updated Rick Perry moved rapidly on Thursday to try to save his presidential campaign by laughing off questions about his departure from the race and trying to elicit empathy for a debate gaffe with a game on his Web site asking visitors what federal agency they would like to forget.
Marmol had not allowed a run in 131/3 innings.
Later, they discovered a stack of letters at Mrs. Klapper’s home threatening penalties for his failure to make the necessary financial disclosures.
He went to drama school at Drama Center London and, while doing ushering duty at a performance by older students, managed to draw the attention of an agent, who signed him on the spot.
“For me, it’s not just what I do; it’s a big part of who I am.”
Mr. Anschutz, meanwhile, has remained mostly quiet, at least publicly, on the subject of the downtown football stadium, letting his longtime deputy, Mr. Leiweke, lead the campaign and carry the argument.
Back in the playoffs for the second straight year, those risks have paid off, for now.
In the 1990s, Julian Schnabel saw his reputation as a serious painter get swamped by his more popular interior designs and films.
He is also the co-host of “ BackStory with the American History Guys ,” a public radio program produced at the Virginia Foundation for the Humanities.
PEEKSKILL BeanRunner Cafe “Moments in Time,” works by Chazod.
In March, Young knocked Andy Murray out of Indian Wells.
 “I’m 6-foot-4, I have a dark beard and a big nose,” Davis said Tuesday, noting how fans sometimes recognize him when he goes out for a movie or a meal.
“I think we should all weigh in and say, ‘Do the right thing for Wisconsin’s budget but do not destroy decades of work to establish the rights of workers to speak for themselves.’ ” While Republicans seized the opportunity to depict Mr. Obama as siding against deficit-cutting efforts, some Democrats and union organizers said the political benefit ultimately could be theirs.
“I like the idea that you’re taking it up a notch and hanging a plant in a sculptural piece of glass.” In the backyard at Jed, a shop in Sag Harbor, a giant shell caught his eye.
“Or ‘The Big C.’ I love Laura Linney.
“But if they can’t spend it quickly, it doesn’t add to aggregate demand.” The rise in oil prices could also create a vicious cycle, as higher energy costs propel already rising food prices , which in turn can lead to more political unrest and more global uncertainty.
At least eight medical schools in the United States — including those at Stanford, the University of California, Los Angeles, and the University of Cincinnati — and 13 in Canada are using it.
Last week, the Obama administration announced new programs to ease the repayment of student loans, changing the income-based repayment program next year to allow lower monthly payments and shorter durations for low-income borrowers, and offering a slightly lower interest rate to some borrowers who consolidate their loans.
“Zlies Zina” (“The Message of the Titmouse”), a work by Mr. Vasks inserted early in the program, showed how confidently Kamer ... handles more challenging fare.
“It will be a very interesting, wonderful summer.” Teachers face crucial tasks.
The government has also apparently crippled some virtual private network services, or VPNs, which have been used by Chinese and expatriates to gain access to corporate e-mail or get around controls that block many Web sites from being entered in China, like YouTube, Facebook and Twitter.
“The inability of MF Global customers as a whole to access their funds has affected trading in futures markets, and has shaken public confidence in our customer protection regime,” Scott D. O’Malia, a Republican member of the futures commission, said in a statement on Wednesday.
Often, his complaint seems to be that another historian did not write the book he would have written.
His place was taken by Erik Christensen, who had sat out the previous eight games.
“The cynical one is that it’s a brand.
There is a comblike serrated feather on the leading edge of the wing, velourlike feathers on top and a trailing edge of feathers on the rear of the wing.
Fortunately your chef has a second Deluxe ready to go.
Republican members of the “gang” are trying to persuade House members to support the plan, he said.
It is in talks with several different potential distributors, one of the people said.
India does not have a large nationwide marrow donor registry.
“I would love to see ethnic barriers abolished and an equal opportunity available to all,” she says of her ambitions.
“She found a village of people in the Amazon, a tribe,” Anders had told Marina, “where the women go on bearing children until the end of their lives.
But in “We Live Here” in particular she is a little clumsy in putting them together.
“This is a way for us to do it in a more profitable way and to do more coverage in the future,” he said.
Page 24 Sports LA RUSSA MEETS CHALLENGE AS CARDINALS WIN SERIES Tony La Russa has been a manager for 33 major league seasons, with the White Sox, with the Athletics and the last 16 with the Cardinals.
We are compelled, though, to render the loudest hymns in praise of Kelly Macdonald.
It’s the same thing that makes Turntable.fm, a new music service that lets people play songs to each other in a chatroom, so entertaining.
In recent months, as the Yemeni government has become nearly paralyzed, the Obama administration has stepped up pressure on the Qaeda affiliate there.
you were wearing black converse.
Mr. Belhaj has become so much an insider lately that he is seeking to unseat Mahmoud Jibril , the American-trained economist who is the nominal prime minister of the interim government, after Mr. Jibril obliquely criticized the Islamists.
1911 Lights Cause Shipping Concern The extinction by the Italian and Turkish Governments of the lighthouses in the Mediterranean, the Adriatic and the Red Sea is viewed with much concern in leading shipping circles.
“There is no place for hate speech and divisionism in Rwanda ,” the chief prosecutor, Martin Ngoga, said in a statement.
Having already ignited an ethical firestorm over his son’s enlistment in the Israel Defense Forces, Mr. Bronner behaved maladroitly in accepting paid speaking engagements with a public relations firm whose head agitates against the Palestinian cause.
Unrestricted endowment funding has dropped to $20 million from about $50 million over the past several years, a spokeswoman said.
Steven Erlanger’s article told us how the sparks fly between Nicolas Sarkozy and Angela Merkel as each tries to press his or her vision of Europe’s future on the other.
Michael Kenwood, 39, a volunteer member of the First Aid and Rescue Squad in Princeton, N.J., responded with fellow rescuers to the ink-black scene, a road awash from an overflowing brook.
H.G.H., which is said to increase lean muscle mass, decrease fat and hasten recovery, is illegal to possess in the United States without a prescription.
A fair number of the artists are unfamiliar to New York; some have difficult, even harrowing histories.
As Mr. Leonhart’s bowed bass discreetly wove in and out of an arrangement that interpolated fragments of everything from Michel Legrand to Bach, the two Ms. Carrolls became one.
The Jets did what they expected, and were expected, to do against Miami.
Mr. Graff plans only one new store in United States, in San Francisco, a city that has many visitors from Asia.
On his Web site, Mr. Petersen-Overton, who is a student at the Graduate Center of the City University of New York, called the decision “a victory for academic freedom and an outcome I think we can all be proud of.” The college’s initial decision not to accept the political science department’s recommendation to hire Mr. Petersen-Overton came under scrutiny because it came shortly after Dov Hikind , a Democratic state assemblyman from Brooklyn, expressed concern to the college president and the chancellor of CUNY about the “slanted nature” of Mr. Petersen-Overton’s works, saying that his views on the conflict in the Middle East were one-sided and anti-Israeli.
But, a broker joked, the apartment had too many windows and so she didn’t buy there.
“I think they’re the best team we’ve played all year.
(AP) REDS 7, BREWERS 6 Ramon Hernandez hit a two-out, three-run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning, rallying host Cincinnati past Milwaukee in an opening-day flashback to their National League Central title season.
Measured by those basic-transportation standards, the Cruze really adds up.
Last April Ms. Conroy, 35, quit public relations to become a licensed acupuncturist, opening a practice in Manhattan.
Is health a commodity to be sold for profit, for bonuses and dividends, or is our nation’s health a responsibility of our government?
With the evening vote less than two hours away, reporters and elected officials bantered in the Speaker’s Lobby, where jackets and ties are required for men and a primer in the esoteric language of nuts-and-bolts government would be required for most Americans.
Verdant vertical gardens designed by the French botanist Patrick Blanc will cover the walls of the residential towers, dangling in suspended animation from a cantilevered park.
“Blake Lively’s Thanksgiving Plans Revealed.” Even by the lax standards of celebrity journalism, this was a trifle of a story, but it is precisely the kind of cheery, quotidian, Britney-goes-to-Starbucks stuff that has turned Just Jared , a gossip blog started by Mr. Eng, into such a runaway hit among millions of readers.
Johnny Damon, who lost a possible grand slam to a video review in the seventh inning, hit a game-ending home run in the ninth that lifted the Rays over the Seattle Mariners , 8-7, Sunday in St. Petersburg, Fla. Damon hit the first pitch from Dan Cortes (0-2).
Then, as now, privatization advocates argued that corporations were more efficient.
He officially became the artistic director of Hartford Stage on July 1, just two months before the theater company’s new season began with “The Crucible.” So most of his first season was already mapped out by his predecessor, Michael Wilson.
On Monday, an estimated 110,000 people demonstrated in 450 towns across Germany against extending nuclear power.
In 2009, Preston came into our class and showed us her Pulitzer story.
“It’s wonderfully empty,” he said with a grin.
He worked on the iPad , as well as other devices.
There is an ocean of parked cars, gravel lots, auto-repair places, a gym and scatterings of corrugated sheet-metal boxes, the all-purpose architectural style in that part of Long Island.
“Everybody is reaching out to private donors now,” she said.
MARINERS 2, RED SOX 0 Doug Fister (2-3) worked out of trouble three times in five and two-thirds innings as Seattle won its fifth straight, sending host Boston to its fourth loss in five games.
Baseball insiders cite factors like cohesion, rhythm and percentages to defend the idea of sticking with tried-and-true players.
Under current procedures, such challenges — which often question which workers are in the potential bargaining unit and thus eligible to vote — are often filed before votes are cast.
Mr. Koch, a billionaire who, along with his brother, Charles, runs Koch Industries, was sitting at a table near the front row.
Jake White, the previous Springboks coach, set the precedent in 2007 when South Africa won the World Cup; he rested his leading players during the away leg of the Tri-Nations that year.
It is also not known how vigorously News International will fight to retain the deal as it copes with the phone-hacking scandal, which has embroiled not only the company but also Scotland Yard.
Historic Essex Street Market, 80 Essex Street, south of Delancey Street, Lower East Side, (212) 206-6674, Ext.
"I've been on tour a while and played big matches.
It is impossible to deliver high touch medicine in a fee-for-service system that emphasizes quantity over quality.
“In this market you guys are no longer relevant,” declares a snippy TV executive (Rashida Jones), who voices the challenge facing Disney.
Poodie’s Hilltop Roadhouse, Oct. 8, 1 p.m., poodies.net
His wife gave birth to their first child, a son.
CROTON FALLS Schoolhouse Theater “The Time of The Cuckoo,” comedy by Arthur Laurents.
After we spent years positioning New Jersey as a responsible leader in the fight to stem climate change, the governor is setting us on a backward trajectory.
The move will help cut smog and oil imports .
I have my own stamp on life.''
He said it may have had something to do with Daniel Burke’s parents, a father who was a war hero and a football coach at the University of Vermont and a mother whom he described as highly intelligent and an early feminist.
“If you’re going to make improvements” in the reports, he added, “you have to make some changes, and what that means is that you have to look at them in the year they’re published.” The audit did not set out to assess the accuracy of statistics like graduation rates and Regents scores, which are reported by the schools to the Education Department, despite rising concerns that some schools might be manipulating the numbers to enhance their performance.
City officials said buildings that demonstrated a severe financial hardship could seek an extended schedule for complying.
That would effectively outsource judicial supervision of the prison camp there to the federal appeals court here, which includes some judges who do not bother to hide their hostility to the Supreme Court.
In 1988 he said, One of the things that people equate with art's being of interest is that it so expensive...
This new series at the Museum of the Moving Image, now in its last weekend, screens family films with literary roots.
WHAT WE LIKED Fried green tomatoes, house salad, spinach salad, hush puppies, Southern fried chicken, fisherman’s platter, smoked brisket, baby back ribs, fried okra, corn pudding, baked beans, sautéed collard greens, chocolate cream pie.
Mr. Biden and Vice President Xi Jinping , presumed to be the next leader of China, chatted with dozens of students in white uniforms who were playing basketball on the outdoor courts.
I take my clothes off at the drop of a hat.’ “We brought our acting coaches.
Women and men seem equally catty and coy in the social circle Molière shows us, but the scene between Célimène and the coquettish Arsinoé (Louisa Braden Johnson) is particularly entertaining.
So how good would it be to be a Mayfly hitchhiking on one of their golf bags on Thursday when Woods and Clarke, one of the odder best-buddy pairings in golf, tee off at 1:40 p.m. Eastern for the first round.
Cultural officials in Petrópolis this year organized a multimedia exhibit called “Stefan Zweig Lives!”, and some Brazilians have begun joining the Europeans and Americans who occasionally appear in the city to see his house on Gonçalves Dias Street, or even the cemetery where he and Lotte are buried side by side.
11:20 a.m. | Updated As social media like blogs, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube grow increasingly popular among consumers, marketers are seeking more data about the changing behavior of their customers.
The American comic strip Pogo once famously noted, “We have met the enemy and he is us.” This may be the most relevant characterization of the current fracas in Washington over the deficit.
The oilman T. Boone Pickens, for example, bet heavily on wind a couple of years ago, ordering hundreds of turbines and announcing plans to build the world’s largest wind farm in the Panhandle at a cost of up to $12 billion.
And it was fun, too.” Volunteer experience has long been a secondary consideration in people’s career portfolios.
Some Madoff victims still accuse her of complicity in the crime — which she denies — and attack her on the Internet or in the media whenever she is mentioned in the news.
People were very skeptical of how far they’d travel outside of their neighborhoods.
“There’s been a reluctance to accept blame by everyone in the Afghan government,” the official said.
After checking with the senator’s assistants on Splash’s preferred dog food brand, and then reading the book myself to better prepare for my role, I answered every single e-mail, ending each reply with the mandatory “WOOF WOOF!!
There are thousands of species of earthworm around the world, ranging from the familiar garden variety, Lumbricus terrestris, to those that are more than 10 feet long in Australia and in South America.
“Sports are a great way to teach,” he said.
He added that this group of bandits had focused on trucks carrying electronics in recent years.
Coughlin said there was no setback with Amukamara but added, “Prince is not ready to go, he’s not going to be for a while, and we’re not going to mess around here.” ...Brandon Jacobs and Michael Boley were additions to the injury report with swollen knees.
DAWN LEWIS Austin, Tex., Oct. 14, 2011
Over the years Mr. Cruise, a divinely superficial presence in pop fodder like “Top Gun,” has grown progressively heavier, weighted down by stardom, ambition and the misstep of turning his personal life into a public drama.
85 North Third Street, Brooklyn, (718) 388-8288; Tuesday to Sunday; tommygunsny.com.
At the federal courts, officials said they could continue operations for 10 days to two weeks, using money from fees paid by people who have filed civil suits.
It may have been contagious; Edgar Barreto failed to score on Paraguay’s first penalty.
The New York Fed has supported the proposed $8.5 billion settlement.
Takashi in the West Village would be a good place to start.
I could write (and have written) ad nauseam about our woeful state, but it might be more powerful to see it for yourself.
Allow at least two and a half weeks for the whole trip, including a few days for altitude acclimatization in Leh on the front end, and a few days more if you want to linger in Padum or visit monasteries in Zanskar.
1 player in the world.
On Monday, leaders of the House and Senate agriculture committees said they were preparing recommendations for $23 billion in unspecified cuts over 10 years, far less than some other proposals.
HUDSON The Evelyn and Maurice Sharp Gallery, Olana State Historic Site “Rally ‘Round the Flag: Frederic Edwin Church and the Civil War.” Through Oct. 30.
The better alternative for my purposes was choucroute garnie, a vat of simmering sauerkraut that serves as a nice bed on which to mix and match a variety of pig parts.
“When Chris says he has to be traded, how’s that going to go?” Jackson said last December.
“It was time we carried him.” They did exactly that, carrying Tendulkar on a victory lap around Wankhede Stadium as the crowd cheered on India, the first home team ever to win in 10 World Cup finals.
But competition was intense, and she felt her best opportunity for advancement was elsewhere.
Everyone was looking at me and everyone thought I was drunk, and there was no persuading them otherwise.
“This is the position of the Libyans and the national council,” he said, referring to the interim rebel administration.
This clears sinuses and makes the blood run quick.
It’s just a fact.” For the album she gathered longtime collaborators who have built solo careers under their nicknames: the drummer Mocky and the keyboardist Gonzales.
On a Chinese scale, that represents more than 360,000 children’s lives saved each year.
Those are the ones who can stick with you for a very long time.
On Friday, it closed at $32.33.
Many Italians are reshaping their knees.
He’s in his eighth season as a member of the Los Angeles Lakers, the best team in basketball, and he plays for Phil Jackson.
PHOTO: From left, Tara Harper, Matt Nordgren, Drew Ginsburg, Courtney Kerr, Glenn Pakulak and Neill Skylar in ''Most Eligible Dallas'' on Bravo.
CLIFTON Allwood Community Church “May Peace Prevail on Earth,” a peace pole dedication and Sept. 11 remembrance.
A 94-year-old woman also died Saturday of the heat , combined with an underlying disease.
Casually dressed in dark jeans, a loose-fitting cream-colored cardigan and thick-framed glasses, Mr. Carter, 38, stands in stark contrast to his client, a paparazzi magnet in her pyrotechnic bras and towering Alexander McQueen heels.
Then he was a loser.
Getting the art out of the country was sometimes tortuous, sometimes remarkably straightforward, Nancy Dodge said in an interview on Thursday.
Some of the oldest such reactors in Russia have an extra-large volume of cooling water on hand, Mr. Kirienko said.
Tests using DNA to determine a fetus’s sex were shown to be remarkably accurate, able to tell with 95 percent certainty as early as seven weeks into pregnancy, if a woman is carrying a boy or girl.
A new national ABC News/Washington Post poll suggests Mr. Cain and Mr. Perry are faring less well, with sexual harassment accusations against Mr. Cain and more debate stumbles by Mr. Perry perhaps taking their toll.
Daniels swapped Teixeira to Atlanta for five minor leaguers, including shortstop Elvis Andrus, closer Neftali Feliz and starter Matt Harrison.
And while investigative journalism is alive, it bears nowhere near its old aura.
This will be Utah State’s best team in years, especially if the freshman quarterback Chuckie Keeton can play consistently — read: not turn the ball over.
PARK--Henry C. 1962 - May 17, 2011 of Somerville, MA and formerly Hopewell Junction, NY, passed away much too soon and unexpectedly from aortic rupture.
Mondays through Thursdays, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Fridays, 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Saturdays, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, 12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Chappaqua Library, 195 South Greeley Avenue.
But such doublespeak will be widely recognized for the hypocrisy it is.
He spoke of his former deputy’s many strengths.
Tuesday’s performance began 50 minutes late because of the crush of celebrities arriving, including Andrew Lloyd Webber, Spike Lee, Steve Martin, Liam Neeson and Gina Gershon.
On the House floor, Democrats denounced the Republicans’ resolution.
“He’s figuring that some people are getting caught, so maybe if he reports 65,000, he will not catch anyone’s eye.
If the special receives good ratings, it too could become a series.
Among their victims was Mary Halloran, 61, the manager of the Salvation Army thrift shop in town.
Rather, she imparts a mysterious glow to his smallest gestures and actions, balancing nimbly on the line between comedy and pathos.
I remember mixing and matching flavors with my friends.” Dots of the generic variety are already popular with chefs, now a generation into molecular gastronomy.
There are no statewide statistics on recalls.
“This site suffered extensive damage, and we are working closely with the owners and engineers to ensure that necessary corrective work is done as quickly as possible.” “We’re going to have to pay an assessment that would kill most people,” Mr. Brass predicted.
“We only have one high school in our city,” said Tsutomu Nakai, 61, a retired businessman who oversees the refugee center.
In the silence, Abdelaziz began telling me about himself.
David Kroetsch, the president and chief executive of the manufacturer, Aeryon Labs of Waterloo, Ontario, said in an interview that his company was first approached by a representative of the Libyan Transitional National Council early in June, after members of the group searching the Web saw the company’s surveillance aircraft — essentially a tiny, four-rotor helicopter dangling a pod carrying stabilized-image day- and night-vision cameras.
The Shafrans could not be reached for comment, but it seems that investing in Park Avenue real estate turned out to be a much better bet.
When it comes to fiscal matters, Greece’s reputation is in ruins.
$52 to $75 for meal and show.
But it was hard to move fast enough between one row and the next, and hard for him to read the titles on certain items in the lowest bins.
AS a librarian and archivist, I am often asked if I believe that, one day, libraries will disappear.
DealBook » Paulson’s Strategy Loses Magic | John Paulson, already the target of popular ire for his successful bet against mortgage securities, is eliciting doubts from those who embraced him as a man who could do no wrong, The New York Times writes.
The chairman is talking to you.
Oh, and two glasses of a local Swiss red, which was quite good.
He is barred from using e-mail and permitted only three 15-minute phone calls a month — recently increased from two, a move that Mr. Royer hopes may portend his being moved to a prison closer to his children.
But the Mets are particularly intrigued by Isringhausen because of his experience as an elite closer, and because he reached 92 miles per hour on their radar gun Sunday in his last outing after experiencing soreness in his elbow last week.
Ms. Stern’s thesis is titled, “The Ransom Note Effect: Cut-and-Paste Typography in American Visual Culture.” But in the age of Facebook cut-and-paste notes seem decidedly low tech.
“I keep having to clarify that I’m not one of them.” An Australian television reporter, Hamish Macdonald , wrote that a colleague had seen one reporter badly beaten, and that their crew was unable to leave their hotel.
Webber scored the pole position for the second race in a row, and once again, he lost the lead at the start of the race, this time as Hamilton, who started second, passed him by the first corner.
For two years, the furniture designer Chris Lehrecke has had a 600-square-foot shop in Hudson, N.Y. Last week he opened a new space, nearly double the size, across the street.
A group of six boys, wearing backpacks and deflated jeans, were razzing us.
“We said no leggings, but, you know, you can’t control that — they have leggings that look like jeans now.
Nascar postponed its race at Atlanta Motor Speedway because of heavy rain, rescheduling the start for 11 a.m. Tuesday.
9 P.M. (CW) AMERICA'S NEXT TOP MODEL The women create a signature fragrance, then promote it at a public gathering while posing in a bathtub.
Nationally, many judicial salaries have lagged behind the pay not only of top lawyers, but also of some academics, school administrators, elected officials and even some courthouse employees.
Comedy RAHWAY Union County Performing Arts Center Paula Poundstone.
When he put the tube in water and turned the rod back and forth between his fingers, it generated a wave with its tail.
But Chancellor Leo E. Strine Jr., who heads the chancery court, said at a status conference on Wednesday that he was not inclined to speed up the proceedings.
Yet they remained hundreds of millions apart, with an ever-widening rhetorical gulf.
He also dropped out of band.
Given the time that has elapsed since the letter was known to several corporate lawyers and the government, it seems unlikely that there was sufficient evidence for a case.
With a presidential election looming next year, Sept. 11 and its aftermath are still too freighted with negative connotations to make a public show of solidarity with the United States worth the risk.
president, Jose Sulaiman, went to his corner and told him that if he could not continue, he could be declared the winner by disqualification.
“We’ve been here three times.” Some colleges have found that this type of vacation actually involves more work, as Tim Tessalone, the sports information director at U.S.C., discovered last year.
Substandard even by the low standards of the boomer-nostalgia genre (2:20).
Mr. Smale said it would be inappropriate to have a Web site whose sole purpose was to sell food to children.
“So Nivi and I were trying to figure out who would walk the dog, but I also needed to sort out what we were going to do about child care” — she was going back to work after maternity leave — “and there’s also the issue of picking which week we go on vacation, but he can’t take his eyes off the Yankee game.” Not long after, we were sitting in a San Francisco bungalow interviewing a group of women.
On one panel is a description of the Oklahoma City bombing; on another, the attacks of 9/11.
Nov. 29 at 7:15 p.m. $15 and $20.
I was drawn to the Heron American Craft Gallery, which features fanciful works and quirky gifts, and the Foreign Cargo Gallery, with exotic items from all over.
Make sure you take two commissions and get some commission.''
I remember all the neighborhood mothers desperate to laugh loudest at his Al Green impersonations while they waited for our school bus to turn the corner.
Mother Nature provided this without any partisan political posturing, wrangling or Washington backroom trading.
"That’s where you find reward.”
''We don't need to build awareness.''
Nor is it sufficiently appalling for Garance (Sarah Roy) to bump off her randomly selected housewife victims.
Overseeing South Korea’s audacious expansion plan is Choi Gwang-gi, 28, a soft-spoken engineer.
More than eight years after “Moneyball” was published, the book refuses to shuffle meekly to the remainder bin of public consciousness.
“It went better than I thought — I thought people could get in bidding wars and the prices could go really high,” she said.
During his two-hour trial on Friday at the Suining Intermediate People’s Court, prosecutors introduced two articles as evidence, including one titled “Street Protests are an Important Tactic for the Chinese Democratic Movement.” One of his lawyers, Mo Shaoping, dismissed the accusations against Mr. Liu, saying his writings were protected under China’s Constitution, which guarantees free speech.
That’s great — but hollow.
Two elevators serving the sixth-floor location turned into a bottleneck worthy of the San Diego Freeway.
“I think regulators are starting to look more closely at organizations that have the property tax exemption.” State and local governments have been taking a hard look at nonprofits and the various tax exemptions they receive for the last couple of years, as tax revenues have fallen and the demand for public services has risen.
The second was an accompanying graphic with data from the Census Bureau’s American Community Survey indicating which cities have the most bike commuters and from an Australian study looking at gender differences in bike commuting.
But the Mets would answer that and more, and with the victory improved to 46-43.
Money Buys More Than Biscuits The New York City health department, which issues dog licenses, estimates that there are 500,000 dogs in New York City.
Start a real campaign against waste, fraud and abuse.
The result, Mr. Dayan said, was a two-way “real-life con game” in which each side played along with the other.
In 1990, Mr. Transtromer suffered a stroke that left him mostly unable to speak, but he eventually began to write again.
They were delayed in a backup for about 10 minutes on Canal Street — a mistake, Ms. Daumas said — but still made it to Times Square in good time, considering the jammed streets.
WHO has claimed responsibility for the attack?
Italy tried to get rid of them by issuing many of the Tunisians six-month temporary residency permits entitling them to travel to other European countries.
(Roberta Smith) ★ Asia Society and Museum: ‘The Buddhist Heritage of Pakistan: Art of Gandhara’ (through Oct. 30) After a seemingly endless run of geopolitical roadblocks, this exhibition of ancient far northern Indian art, most of it from the collections of two museums in Pakistan, finally arrived, six months late, at Asia Society.
The result is what Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz, a Florida Democrat and a close friend of Ms. Giffords’s, calls “a constant state of newlywed.” On the night before she and 18 others were shot, 6 of them fatally, Ms. Giffords arrived here from Washington and was picked up at the airport by one of her closest friends, Raoul Erickson.
“I totally expected there to be a press storm” after that, he said, and he saw the matter as fair game.
Democrats say that the oil tax increase was their idea to begin with, and that Ms. Palin rallied to their cause amid a wave of populism after a scandal linking lawmakers to the oil industry.
But we also knew that when my grandfather died, she experienced a liberation that had been impossible while married.
But the Associated Estates Realty Corporation , which owns 13,000 apartments in Georgia , Indiana , Michigan and other Midwest and Southeast states, also is seeing more people deciding to rent.
That decision apparently hinged in part upon the fact that prime evidence against Mr. Daqduq would probably not be admissible in a civilian court.
The arguments and arrests that have occurred at protests in New York and other cities have been largely absent.
The proposed regulations would, among other things, make trespassing, and by extension squatting, a crime, and would speed up the mechanisms by which squatters could be evicted.
The dome was a flop.
“‘Fight the Landlord’ is a performance specifically looking at the role of recent history and memory in today’s China,” Mr. Quinn wrote in the notes for the Beijing festival, where the play was also presented.
But Toronto got that run back in the eighth inning on an R.B.I.
With his family unable to pay for continuing care at Silverado, Schwager is scheduled to be evicted on July 2.
In 1970, DeVoto wrote to tell David that she was packing up her papers and correspondence, including the work on “Italian Food,” and giving it all to the Schlesinger Library.
Yet none of the incumbents were fired, only moved to arguably lesser positions.
Pittsburgh rebounded from a 5-1 home loss in Game 2 despite giving up two more power-play goals to Martin St. Louis.
First, many of the purported losses — perhaps about $250 million — result from an unusual accounting treatment related to depreciation and amortization when a team is sold.
Like a true New Yorker, you immediately started power walking through the airport to be first in the cab line.
India successfully hosted its first-ever Grand Prix on Sunday, in front of a 95,000 strong crowd at the Buddh International Circuit outside New Delhi.
The films appear to have been chosen according to more exacting, less hokey criteria.
The house frame was assembled in four days with wooden panels and the entire house was finished in just over six months, in June 2008.
For still others, Hamlet is not so much a bather in the black sun of depression, but rather too much in the sun of knowledge.
Some people in the old city said it sounded as if war had broken out.
“The noise is just incredible.” A study about noise in the city’s mass transit system that was published in The American Journal of Public Health in 2009 found that “exposures of a few hours to as little as 2 minutes a day” to the noise levels on some subway platforms “would be expected to cause hearing loss for some people given chronic exposure.” Mr. Carione’s hearing loss dates to July 4, 1996, he said, when he shot and killed a drunken man who was menacing him with a knife.
One of the things he says, when they’re sort of crouching down behind the car, and the guy comes over to him, and he says, “plug your ears, plug your ears,” and they start handing them the things, and the guy says, “I don’t want to listen to your demo.” [Laughs] I love it!
Roughly 47 percent of those who were paying back their loans in 2009 defaulted by 2010.
Armed with attorney-client privilege, a lawyer can put out a feeler to the I.R.S.
Each event examines a specific theme and concludes with a concert; Monday’s program, the second, dealt with concepts of mourning.
Twenty-seven people were arrested on Thursday, the police told the Interfax news service, including three who tried to unfurl a banner on Red Square.
On the night of his Nov. 20 triumph, Mr. Rajoy told supporters that Spain “needed to be respected in Brussels” and stick to its deficit-cutting pledges.
He told Dr. Rose Pitt, according to court records, that he had simply been going through a difficult period after he lost his job and split up with his wife.
Playlist Tom Hodge, “Paganini Rocks”; Hauschka, “Two AM”; Robortom, “Paganini Rocks” (remix); Tom Hodge, “Aerodynamic.” Songs you avoid Anything that sounds out of Fashion Television.
Under overcast skies, the mourners bore the plywood box containing Shifra Lerer’s body and lowered it into a hole in the ground.
“They understand the state of the business — that things are better but not we’re totally out of the woods because of the economy.” Workers would be guaranteed bonuses of at least $8,000 over the four years of the contract, plus larger profit-sharing checks.
The son-in-law of King Juan Carlos is denying any link between his business dealings and the royal family, amid a fraud investigation that has threatened to tarnish the Spanish monarchy.
“So Twitter came up with a list of people that they felt had good geographic distribution and that they could include in their process of identifying popular themes and representative questions.” The real change may not be in the desire of the White House to use any means possible to advance its agenda.
The remaining performances by the Merce Cunningham Dance Company are therefore the most exceptional events of the rest of the year.
The national oil company, Pemex, loses hundreds of millions of dollars’ worth of petroleum every year to bandits and criminal gangs who tap into pipelines and siphon it off.
“What is very difficult to convey is his tactical brilliance,” said Jed S. Rakoff, a federal judge in Manhattan who presided over Mr. Morvillo’s final trial, this past summer.
As we know, that didn’t happen.” The decision to file for bankruptcy was not entirely unexpected.
Though Mr. Carter is physically frail, his eyes sparkled.
In June 2011, just before European leaders agreed to a second rescue for the country, which included the acceptance of losses by private bondholders, Moody’s knocked the rating down by another three notches, to Caa1.
This is about the point in time at which voters, donors and party officials need to think tactically, betting on a horse they think can win.
After 50 years of failed efforts to update regulations that date from before commercial jets, remarkable progress has been made by the airlines, the Federal Aviation Administration and labor to create new requirements that reflect today’s science and airline operations.
“People can identify with what Bobby was saying,” said Wayne Ford, the veteran staff reporter for The Athens Banner-Herald who found himself at Mr. Kirk’s house when another story fell through that day.
Even the stripped-down version he started out with was exceptionally musical, bending the familiar melody around Mr. Grenadier's exuberantly rhythmic bass.
The CBS show, “A Gifted Man,” which has its premiere on Friday, goes mystical for its premise: Michael Holt (Mr. Wilson) is an in-demand surgeon at a New York hospital who treats the rich and famous and is so driven that it doesn’t occur to him to wish a staff member (Margo Martindale, who won an Emmy on Sunday for her work on “Justified”) “Happy Birthday” after she has just told him that it’s her birthday.
Retaliate and destroy,” and “People power not ivory tower.” The occupation followed a rally in Union Square Thursday afternoon where students from Cooper Union, New York University and the New School and other colleges spoke out against what they called high costs and weak financial-aid systems.
CAPE MAY Cape May Stage, The Robert Shackleton Playhouse “Say Goodnight, Gracie,” a one-man play by Rupert Holmes.
Their eyes soon turned toward Christine Lagarde , the new managing director of the International Monetary Fund .
“Tonight was totally my fault,” he said.
Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu of Turkey toured the border on Wednesday, even stopping at the barbed wire to greet displaced people on the Syrian side.
“I knew it was kind of odd,” Montgomery said.
“Better to be seated at the table than to be on the menu” is how Joseph Del Grosso, the union’s leader in Newark, explained the strategy to me.
His preference is to begin by applying through the 15-member Security Council for full membership.
As if to confirm that, another batch of deals was announced just after the quarter ended on March 31, including Vivendi's $11.3 billion buyout of Vodafone's stake in SFR of France, an $11.3 billion rival bid for NYSE Euronext by the Nasdaq OMX Group and IntercontinentalExchange, and Texas Instruments' $6.5 billion takeover of National Semiconductor.
The judge characterized the request as “very unusual” and something he had seen perhaps once in 10 years.
Most people seem to follow two rebalancing philosophies: do it according to the calendar, say once a year, or do it when you reach a certain trigger point, when one portion of your portfolio grows or shrinks outside of a predetermined range.
It is there more explicitly in the 18 immense collages that make up Willem de Rooij’s “Index: Riots, Protests, Mourning and Commemorations (as represented in newspapers, January 2000-July 2002).” Its images, cut from newspapers around the globe, document public expressions of extreme emotion, including some in reaction to Sept. 11.
The Chinese have not come into the market, although brokers are hoping that the ultimate status symbol will catch their attention.
“The issue was really driven by economics.” Mr. Perry has also intensified his attacks on Mr. Romney, suggesting again over the weekend that his rival had not always been a true conservative.
But what’s the best way to do that?
The party’s governing philosophy and organizational structure make it difficult to incorporate China’s growing middle-class politically.
During the hearing, the judges had expressed concern that Mr. Rajaratnam was a flight risk and could have an incentive to flee to his native Sri Lanka.
''Bijoux: The Origins and Impact of Jewelry,'' group show.
Cava, Vena The fashion company’s financial state is rumored to be “drastic” and is need of an “angel investor” in order to move forward.
The view from behind the wheel is as proletarian as it gets: no frills, no flash, no real driving engagement.
Aristophanes might’ve erred in labelling Socrates one, but just who were the Sophists anyway?
ROBIN FINN JUICE, NO COFFEE I get up at 5:30, same as I do every day: I’m a very early bird.
Secrets here are used to to please, to titillate, to destroy.
Japan also sent a destroyer, the Kirisame, to the Chinese port of Qingdao on a five-day good-will visit last week.
The decision to pass over Ms. Warren — who conceived the bureau, championed its creation and orchestrated its establishment for the last year as a White House adviser — reflects political realities.
Forty feet back, and you start thinking about the free stuff.
His death was confirmed by his daughter, Nora Compere, who said he died in the San Gabriel Valley.
Dec. 20 at 7:30 p.m. $8 and $15.
Along with his brother, Tommy, a bassist, he played in the house band at the Blue Note Club in Philadelphia, which had a steady flow of major talent dropping in from New York.
Born April 7, 1925, in Plumlov, Czechoslovakia.
Starting pitcher Josh Collmenter started Arizona’s five-run fifth with a flare single to right field.
Every year, the SAT reduces more than a few teenage test-takers to tears.
THE FACTS For some people who snore, a slight tweak in sleeping position — lying on one side instead of the back — can lead to a better night’s rest.
Dr Rome trained with Dr. Papanicolaou at Cornell.
Those asking for clemency included President Jimmy Carter , 51 members of Congress and death penalty supporters, such as William Sessions, a former F.B.I.
A blackboard lists the offerings, including tacos (3 euros, or about $4.30) and tostadas (3.5 euros, about $5), with a rotating roster of fillings.
He immediately became fascinated by the new disease and gave up AIDS to study it.
MICHAEL I don’t know what’s in our future, or how we’ll feel 10 years from now about working at the same company.
With the star players making most of the money, there might not be much left to overpay journeymen.
Based on the 2005 novel by Jonathan Safran Foer and directed by Stephen Daldry , it stars the newcomer Thomas Horn as Oskar Schell, an 11-year-old New Yorker whose father, Thomas ( Tom Hanks ), died when one of the twin towers collapsed.
But the increases are only part of the equation.
Again, Mr. Hileman stood alone.
The New Milford Hospital and Foundation families mourn the passing of Peter Mullen, a dear friend, board member and benefactor.
Because of his relatively well-paying job running racks in the garment district — “flying Jewish airplanes,” they called it — he had extra spending money, just enough cash to develop a taste for heroin.
The location services reward the businesses with the most check-ins by ranking them higher in their search results.
The ayatollah said, “Changing Iran into a parliamentary system from a presidential system” someday would not be a problem.
Hopefully it’s not too late that it’s coming back.
Gotham Extra Michael Powell on government and politics.
Over time, the dollar’s role may be eroded, but we see no immediate threat.
With financial backing from Mr. Lowell and a few of his wealthy friends, notably Blair Clark and Brooke Astor, an experimental issue of The New York Review of Books appeared in February 1963.
Out of malice or bigotry, that old “Arab street” — farewell to it, once and for all — had nothing to say about the terror inflicted on Shiites and Kurds in Iraq, for Saddam Hussein was beloved by the crowds, a pan-Arab hero, an enforcer of Sunni interests.
and the union might make the case moot.
“I don’t recall him saying that it was Al Qaeda-related,” Cain said.
Mr. Jibril, who has become a focus of much of the criticism of the provisional government, added the foreign ministry to his portfolio.
“I think he brought education to a new level,” said Joseph Del Grosso, president of the Newark Teachers Union.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg on Monday became the most senior official to publicly urge Mr. Murdoch to abandon the takeover, deepening the hacking scandal that has been transformed from a long-simmering controversy into a full-blown crisis swirling around Mr. Murdoch’s British operation, News International, and its chief executive, Rebekah Brooks.
¶ Brittney Griner had 20 points and 9 rebounds, and Odyssey Sims added 15 points to help No.
A. Improv, if properly taught, is really about listening to the other person, because there’s no script.
They have to work harder.
The country’s problems are compounded by endemic corruption and ethnic violence.
Five minutes after sitting down at a barely set table with a flimsy paper covering, I looked up to see a wrinkly, square-shaped old woman lifting a whole red mullet, about seven inches long, to her lips and eating it as if it were an ear of corn.
The United States was not invited.
Some liberals said the Fed had not done enough.
For U.T., the loss is the worst in decades.
While the details are sketchy, a museum press statement said it would be “inspired by eco-utopian visions for future sustainable communities.”
Tuesdays through Sundays, noon to 4 p.m.
The contaminated water threatening the ocean had radiation measuring 1,000 millisieverts per hour and was in an overflow tunnel outside the plant’s Reactor No.
The White House has now committed to doubling down on a strategy that seeks to alter the way Americans view government.
So too with Lizza’s suggestion that Schaeffer urged the “violent overthrow” of the U.S. government if Roe v. Wade wasn’t overturned.
But Oliver is clearly the best chance for another American victory in the 110 hurdles, and it is quite a legacy, with Greg Foster winning the first three world titles in 1987, 1991 and 1993 and Allen Johnson winning four over all in 1995, 1997, 2001 and 2003.
But instead of exchanging vows with the smiling, attractive, effervescent blond, Gulati was left at the altar.
You all know the reasons which have compelled me to renounce the Throne, but I want you to understand that in making up my mind I did not forget the country nor the Empire, which as Prince of Wales and lately as King, I have for twenty-five years tried to serve.
Balmain Introduces a hair care line (a likely addition to its high-end hair extensions ).
“Sometimes the kitten, sometimes the vamp, and often the vixen, .
“The Tao of Travel,” part compendium of quotations, part miscellany of literary pondering, might be one of those.
“It wouldn’t be right to think that we’ve already advanced,” Czech Republic coach Michal Bilek said.
His message changed, however, when radioactive iodine turned up in tap water in Tokyo.
Orders for durable goods (pdf) decline.
Many Tunisian women developed a political consciousness in reaction to Mr. Ben Ali’s severe oppression of Ennahda in the 1990s.
Donations to: The Rehabilitation Institute, 123B Frost St., Westbury, NY 11590.
It isn’t clear whether Alleghany will face rival bids that it would need to top.
The action engineers plow into or through them, plummeting from high up to belly flop into thick foam pads with headache-inducing thuds or crashing into one another to break furious trajectories.
“We have told the world that there is the Arab Spring, but there is also the Palestinian Spring,” he said on Sunday.
A few days later Confederate investigators went to the home of the ringleaders and arrested many of the participants (though some escaped to Kentucky).
But the industry cannot afford not to look at alternatives to conventional fuels.
L.A. is increasingly central to the art dialogue.” Mr. Cuno said his perception was that people in Los Angeles did not really spend a lot of time worrying about what other people thought of them.
Prime Minister George A. Papandreou, who used to lead in the polls, is now behind.
“It’s unfair, and it makes me feel upset,” N-Dia said of her long ride.
He has been charged with stealing $2,000 bottles from a New Jersey store.
The International Olympic Committee would certainly like to repeat the no-doubt-about-it outcome of eight years ago, when NBC’s $2.2 billion bid (including its parent company General Electric’s Olympic sponsorship) beat Fox’s $1.3 billion offer.
“I thought this could be something, and maybe he’d get the game-winning hit from behind the plate,” Yankee Manager Joe Girardi said of Posada’s return to catching.
The relocation triggered an outpouring of sadness in Winnipeg, with children contributing coins from their piggy banks as part of an unsuccessful drive to keep the franchise in the city.
Under fraudulent conveyance law, the responsibility is based on whether there were “badges of fraud,” which can include circumstantial evidence to infer fraudulent intent.
Mr. McDermott instructed customers in the letter not to apply the herbicide near Norway spruce or white pine, or places where the product might drift toward such trees or run off toward their roots.
Let’s say Adam and John jointly own a $1 million home.
It looked like a frowning flat-faced barracuda, its body chopped off at its upper dorsal fin.
Levi Hernandez stood out as a comic, relatable Leporello.
A fourth man intent on self-immolation was stopped by security forces on Tuesday.
“Even if the change comes, and I am sure the change will come, it will take a longer time because of the amount of suffering we have had as a people in Yemen, and in Taiz particularly,” Mr. Saeed said.
WHAT works of art from similar periods but other parts of the world are presented alongside the Islamic art in this interactive feature ?
NEW HAVEN Peabody Museum of Natural History, Yale University “Invasion of the Bloodsuckers: Bedbugs and Beyond,” exhibition featuring live specimens, films and models.
Washington should not be able to seize property from citizens “unless it can prove it is entitled to — and not just powerful enough to take it,” he said.
Representative Rush D. Holt Jr., a New Jersey Democrat, is a physicist who spent the nine years before he won his first congressional race in 1998 as the assistant director of the plasma physics laboratory at Princeton University.
He stripped the star left fielder Carl Yastrzemski of his captain’s designation to make clear that he was the only one in charge, and he demanded dedication from all his players.
In the letter to investors, Mr. Ganek said that while no charges had been brought against the firm or any employee, the federal inquiry was central to his decision.
Sum called “underutilized” in the labor force — either unemployed or underemployed.
A line of gadgets for home bakers, Babycakes, has sold more than a million machines, according to the company.
He should be seeing an increase in targets with Greg Jennings out of the picture, which could mean big things against a Kansas City team that allows the sixth-most fantasy points to the position.
Both came up with roughly the same amount in deficit reduction (accounting tricks notwithstanding).
Ms. Peters died of colon cancer on Nov. 22 in Richland County, Wis., the county’s corporation counsel, Benjamin Southwick, said on Monday.
France has long desired an inner European core based on the countries that use the euro and excluding the free-market British.
“Maybe if Paul Simon was playing, they would have sold 10,000 tickets, but the idea was to bring something new into the community,” Ms. Fox said.
But vanishingly small barriers to entry mean its profit margins are likely to shrink.
For this autumn’s sale on Nov. 11, Sotheby’s is presenting a strong 19th-century section, including a historic daguerrotype by the Paris optical instrument maker Vincent Chevalier (1770-1841), a friend of the photographic pioneers Nicéphore Niépce and Louis Daguerre, estimated at €40,000 to €60,000, or $55,000 to $83,000.
Five years ago, Mr. Sousie, then 47, was working at the home in Hudson Falls, about 50 miles north of Albany.
Bird Walk, led by Debbie Becker.
“Because you can’t write habitually and well all the time, you have to be willing to write badly,” she said.
That occurred in the case stemming from the 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, which killed 168 people, including infants and children in a day care center.
However, after the novelty of the translators and subtitles wears off it seems like the playwright could have moved the story along a little quicker.
When he did stretch, with characters like Octave, a cynical advertising designer in Jan Kounen’s “99 Francs” (2007) or the lonely alcoholic in Bertrand Blier’s “Clink of Ice” (2010), Mr. Dujardin drew good reviews but smaller audiences.
But the cool little empire came at a cost.
She continued to wear it for more than a year.
The first cluster of 11 reached Brooklyn, where crowds seemed to be larger than in recent years.
“Maintaining a AAA rating is not a financial goal of this company,” a UPS spokesman said at the time.
Robert Beacham, MNS (646) 300-7200; mns.com MAINTENANCE: $991 a month PROS: A frosted glass wall separates the living and sleeping areas in this meticulously renovated space.
portfolio assets heavily influenced the C.D.O.
She got the lead in the first play she auditioned for, a musical version of “A Christmas Carol.” After she told her parents that what she wanted for Christmas was another acting job, they took her to an open audition for children to play Young Cosette in “Les Misérables” on Broadway.
They have pasted portraits of Colonel Qaddafi on the tarmac, so people have to walk or drive over them.
A gradually inflating beach ball simultaneously mocked and honored the pregnant-portrait tradition.
While this is nearly intuitive, given the ever-lower cost of phones, the real breakthrough will be ubiquitous voice recognition and translation capabilities, which will make the phones highly useful to large populations who are illiterate, or who have languages that aren’t easily written with keypads.
Nearly all of the biggest financial companies, Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley , JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America among them, have settled fraud cases by promising the S.E.C.
“When the dynamics end up being more important than the economics, it’s the hardest kind of dispute to resolve.” And Stern winds up looking more like the provocateur than the pragmatist, though Granik added: “If he was concerned about his legacy, he would have walked away, retired a year ago.
“The picture is so uncertain about the euro zone periphery that it will prevent big investors from taking large directional positions,” said Roberto Mialich, currency strategist at UniCredit in Milan.
But that discussion was overshadowed when the hearing descended into a tense and at times provocative debate over Shariah law and whether Muslims are predisposed to terrorism.
In Nassau and Suffolk, he said, slightly less than 20 percent of voters are racial and ethnic minorities.
The 13 years I’ve been here, I’ve never seen people go from a regular life to rags.
A TV newscaster was putting on lip balm, readying for another round of pronouncements.
James Warren writes a column for the Chicago News Cooperative.
“Since then they have lengthened to four to six weeks apart between series of attacks.” Salim Mutar al-Essawi, a member of the Anbar provincial council, contended that the Maliki government was dominated by people with close ties to Iran, a Shiite-dominated country, which “does not want to see stability in our province.” “The level of power that Sunnis have in the government is linked to the stability of this province and the other Sunni provinces,” he said.
“That was its darkest moment,” Mr. Abbate said.
Murakami submitted “Hear the Wind Sing” for a prestigious new writers’ prize and won.
“If we have a really good day, 85 to 90 percent of the time, we’re going to win.” Verlander has been exceptional in five of his six full major league seasons, but this year, he elevated himself to the elite.
“You would go down the block, and on one corner you would hear bachata, on another corner some salsa, and of course there was hip-hop and R&B all over the place.
“The most common question is, ‘Hey Leo, what’s the best tequila?,’ ” said Mr. Cervantes, who is also the chef at Chilangos.
I don’t think I’d be here without St. John’s.” As a freshman, he was also on the St. John’s campus when his beloved Red Sox won four consecutive playoff games against the Yankees.
Pretty rough weather off Tasmania, 150-mile-an-hour winds.
“If you get the piece with the bean, it symbolizes luck for the entire year,” Ms. Letra said.
Some in the media lost their lives for the art of the images that emerged -- the photographs didn't just capture singular moments, but they looked backward and forward at the same time, at what has happened, and what is yet to come.
A Deal With Washington President Bush said during his first term in office that he would never tolerate a nuclear North Korea, but as his presidency wound down, many of his aides believed he did exactly that.
In lieu of gifts, donations can be made to The Arthritis Foundation, the American Heart Association, or Yad Vashem.
Devoted husband of Janet, beloved father of Rachele, Mort, Barbra and David, adored Papa of Scott, Matt, Sammi and Andrew.
Taking It Off for Charity George Washington wore scarcely more than a strategically placed American flag.
The four counties don’t report their findings, and New York City publishes them a year or two later.
By the time Johnny Cueto was born, in the Dominican Republic in 1986, Luis Tiant was a decade removed from his heyday as a twirling contortionist of a right-hander for the Boston Red Sox.
She was one of five teachers there who lost their jobs.
At times she sounded like a candidate.
“These products have been made for a very long period of time,” said Davis S. Caskey, vice president for pharmaceutical operations at ECR Pharmaceuticals, in Richmond, Va. “They’ve been widely available to the public with minimal side effects.” Mr. Davis, whose company makes the Lodrane allergy drugs subject to the order, said he was surprised by the F.D.A.’s order.
According to a post on a Facebook security page , if you or your friends have been clickjacked, you should be able to remove poison posts on your Facebook Wall and News Feed by moving the mouse cursor to the top-right corner of the unwanted item and clicking the X button to get the “Remove and Unlike” option.
Last week, defense chiefs from some of the 15 nations in the group held a planning session in Nigeria .
But the agency could defend itself by saying it was a fair use of the material because of the benefit to consumers, she said.
There was little speculative activity around homes, however, which were usually viewed as rapidly depreciating assets whose value was to be found almost entirely in physical buildings, not the land beneath them.
Today I wore DKNY stockings, but I usually buy my tights at Duane Reade because they’re $6 and they last a surprisingly long time.
The players go to the Wal-Mart down the street together to buy rice, chicken and plantains to make signature meals from home.
We had disrespected Ms. R-E-S-P-E-C-T herself.
Wednesday’s hit could not have come at a worse time for RIM, which is fending off a growing crowd of agitated investors calling on the company to explore strategic options and new leadership.
Now, two groups are betting that the market may have hit bottom and is ready for a comeback.
The cause was a heart attack, said Diane Manning, his sister and only immediate survivor.
The deal finally provides a full exit for Blackstone, which has had Graham in its portfolio since November 1997.
His resignation was announced after the close of the stock market.
Its graduation rates for football players have slipped drastically since Auburn was detected steering players into easy courses, which produced degrees in sociology without taking sociology in the classroom.
It’s no surprise what kind of team they have.” It is more than a little surprising that the Red Sox, widespread favorites to win the American League East, are 1-7.
''The blues and the purples are cooler colors.
“Peter was working really hard, but the enterprise strategy was just too expensive for this product at this price point,” Dr. Rozenblit said.
As they continued their drive east, they decided to hunt only for a condominium, in order to avoid the uncertainty of a co-op board.
I know we’ve spilled a lot of ink recently on the question of how much television is O.K.
If the outlines of the American version are pretty much the same, the remake is sweaty, chest-heaving, macho nonsense.
His decision follows months of legal challenges over the agency’s initial decision to permit the oversize loads.
That raises questions about whether some large European banks are having trouble refinancing assets in the United States, a problem disturbingly reminiscent of the 2008 financial crisis.
began sponsoring women’s basketball in 1982, only once have all four No.
There are five caves underneath Murray’s Cheese Shop , the downtown magnet for fromage fanatics in the West Village.
The Perry campaign bought time during programs it knew would appeal to the audience it is trying to reach, like football and “The Sound of Music,” what Ray Sullivan, Mr. Perry’s communications director, called “family friendly TV.” Not all candidates have been so overt.
The Wildcats (10-1) played without Terrence Jones, who missed the first game in his collegiate career after dislocating the pinky on his left, shooting hand Saturday.
The U.S.-Mormon relationship never was perfect.
recently left the Mountain West to go independent in football and joined the West Coast Conference for most other sports.
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said on Thursday that the United States would loosen some restrictions on international financial assistance and development programs in Myanmar, in response to a nascent political and economic opening in the country.
As things stand now in Virginia, its general sodomy law, which says nothing about minors, may apply only to sex involving minors.
And my view is that actually what we’re getting out of this is a better deal for the younger generation, because they are going to get a higher quality academic experience.
It is an exceptional pattern, said Thomas E. Patterson, a professor at Harvard University ’s Kennedy School of Government, who wrote the groundbreaking 1993 book “Out of Order,” in which he identified the rising tendency of journalists to impose their own point of view on campaigns.
And in ''Whitney,'' at 9:30, Lily (Zoe Lister-Jones) asks Whitney (Whitney Cummings) to be her maid of honor and to plan an engagement party.
But Nicholas Curtis, Lynas’s executive chairman, said that he believed the company could obtain the necessary approvals before September and that his company was sticking to its plan to begin feeding Australian ore into the Malaysian refinery’s kilns by the end of that month.
After Air Force One landed at Newark Liberty International Airport, Mr. Obama, a Democrat, was greeted warmly by Gov.
Higher physician income, of course, cannot explain all or most of the total higher health spending in the United States, as payments for “physician- and clinical services” constitute only about 20 percent to total current health spending ($538 billion out of a total of $2.7 trillion in 2011) and close to half of those payments tend to go for practice expenses, including support staff, malpractice insurance and claims processing.
An epic trade that would have made Chris Paul and Kobe Bryant teammates in Los Angeles was vetoed Thursday night by N.B.A.
“Certainly going with a Morgan Stanley, Merrill Lynch or a Goldman Sachs is a far better alternative than going with a firm you’ve never heard of.” Even then, Ken Kamen, president of Mercadien Asset Management, said investors could take unintended risks by using leverage, or margin, in their accounts.
As one Canadian woman wrote to Pooh in a postscript: “I have a particular fondness for elderly, jointed English bears like yourself — I live with one.” (Saturday, 3 to 5 p.m., Stephen A. Schwarzman Building, 212-621-0208, nypl.org/events ; free.)
At 52, Holmes takes on Eric Esch, a k a Butterbean, a behemoth graduate of the Toughman contests who, at the time, has rolled up a record of ­65-2-3.
But while keeping customers happy is critical, just as important is keeping them captive.
That label has been applied generously to the monthly FIFA rankings (primarily the men’s list) that seem to emanate from deep in the Swiss mountains, spewed by FIFA’s own WOPR (War Operation Plan Response) computer.
This is not a relic from the studio complex’s past, but a bakery in San Diego.
Ivory is missing from some of the keys.
Yet the trees, across a field to the right of the main gate, rarely attract visitors.
“It’s an uncertainty,” said Michael Worms , an analyst for BMO Capital Markets , “and one thing Wall Street does not like is uncertainties.” In recent months, proponents of nuclear power have employed advertising and public relations campaigns to emphasize plant safety in the wake of the meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi plant in Japan.
Iraq , accustomed to sectarian conflict, got a dose of something new: a fiery protest in the eastern city of Kut over unemployment, sporadic electricity and government corruption.
There had been some conversation first, Suffolk County prosecutors said, apparently the only words that the suspect, David Laffer, uttered inside Haven Drugs on Sunday.
TOWER HEIST The manager of a luxury apartment building (Ben Stiller) teams up with a small-time criminal (Eddie Murphy) for revenge on the Wall Street swindler (Alan Alda) who stole the building employees’ retirement fund.
Jones played safety at Louisiana State and has been rehabilitating here, and he visited with the team at its downtown hotel Sunday night.
Of course, those scenes may be what attract young viewers in the first place.
“But at these extremely low levels, especially for those companies quoted on the stock exchange, we have to be very wary,” he added.
Moss was sent packing early, and the veteran Deion Branch was reacquired from Seattle.
Did Hyundai engineers, dressed as ninjas, infiltrate Lexus headquarters?
Rosalyn S. Yalow , a medical physicist who persisted in entering a field largely reserved for men to become only the second woman to earn a Nobel Prize in Medicine, died on Monday in the Bronx, where she had lived most of her life.
; BOMBAY ELECTRIC: 1 Reay House (91-22) 2287-6276 bombayelectric.in This eclectic boutique sells a mix of designs by established names like Manish Arora, as well as the latest up-and-comers.
Mr. Perry stayed in Florida through Saturday morning and hosted the breakfast for conference delegates.
New York City’s murder rate was headed toward a record high of 1,733 in 1979, and kept climbing, feeding a sense that the city was a place where children should not walk alone.
The executives received sentences ranging from three months to eight years.
And we should always remember that however liberal these Facebooking revolutions may be, the rivalries between Shiite and Sunni are far more potent than Twitter and democracy.
“We are seeing a surge of luminous, bright colors for menswear,” said Giang Cao, the menswear editor for Fashionising.com .
And just a bumpy motorbike ride away you can swim among waterfalls.
That prompt withdrawal gave Tipsarevic two round-robin matches and a legitimate opportunity to contend at this tournament.
UBS is convinced that in a world where banks’ profitability is curbed by strict capital rules and falling risk appetite by clients, its large wealth management business is a big competitive advantage.
Or possibly because of it.
A man who clearly doesn’t have a career plan, Mr. Cavalier returned in 2005 with “Le Filmeur” in Un Certain Regard, the official out-of-competition section, and again in 2009, with “Irène,” about the loss of the woman he loved.
Testimony from an official of the pension insurer revealed the contract had been awarded under questionable circumstances by the agency official, Mr. Hagans, who had befriended the company’s founder, Myrna Cooks.
Assets held offshore by individuals worldwide have probably almost doubled from $11.5 trillion six years ago, according to the Tax Justice Network, a nongovernmental organization.
You can do so at the Publican in Chicago, as well.
An Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman said he expected them to be back at work on Sunday.
Here he is as part of Lee Schipper and the Mitigators, performing at the Better Air Quality conference in Singapore last year: I solicited reflections on Schipper from others focused on the questions that he pursued, and you can read them below.
In it, the United States ambassador Ronald K. McMullen wrote: “Human rights abuses are commonplace and most young Eritreans, along with the professional class, dream of fleeing the country, even to squalid refugee camps in Ethiopia or Sudan.” A 2011 report on Eritrea by Human Rights Watch described how torture remained routine, how the continual state of conscription has destroyed the economy, and how up to 50,000 Eritreans live in Ethiopian refugee camps.
And Wiske, whose mother forbade her to play soccer as a girl because it was “unladylike,” said that the reaction to this summer’s event, and more important the wide acceptance across German society, already has exceeded her wildest expectations.
There was a run on duct tape and plastic sheeting that could be placed over picture windows and sliding-glass doors, and there were lines at supermarkets and gasoline stations as people stocked up on provisions— or filled up for a getaway.
Read more » “Love and Inheritance: A Family Feud,” By John Leland (July 2, 2011) If you could script your life, how would it play out?
Mr. Barrett said that Costco decided not to participate in the state program last March.
Exactly how many times, Ishikawa lost track.
The idea of performing a new work by a hometown composer or Schoenberg’s Five Pieces for Orchestra or an overlooked piece like Prokofiev’s Fifth Piano Concerto is vetoed in favor of a program that will show New York audiences and critics how well the visitors can play Beethoven’s Seventh Symphony or Tchaikovsky’s “Pathétique.” With no real news happening, these concerts often attract negligible audiences and are given a pass by critics.
Once among the most enthusiastic new members of the European Union , and an early adopter of the euro in Eastern Europe, Slovakia is proud of its strong growth and eager to leave behind its reputation as the “other half” of Czechoslovakia.
Glaciers are forceful, slow-flowing rivers of ice.
Mr. Fugate, a former Florida emergency response official, said the key factor that federal officials can now influence — by urging residents in vulnerable areas to evacuate — is the number of deaths or injuries the storm causes.
A year gone by without you.
A witness told the International Campaign for Human Rights that security forces on Mirdamad Street in Tehran used live ammunition against protesters, and one person was thought to have been killed there, but that could not be independently confirmed.
ExcerptsSelections from ''The Devil All the Time,'' by Donald Ray Pollock; ''Retromania,'' by Simon Reynolds; and other books.
The climate of teacher-bashing is bad enough, but that it puts us on the wrong track for improving education is what’s most important.
The ever-subtler expressions of defiance have drawn extraordinary suppressive measures, as security forces engage in the harshest crackdown of President Aleksandr G. Lukashenko ’s 17 years in power.
Her once-sunny disposition turned morose, and her vigorous workouts declined to a measly 20 minutes of walking a day.
And on the East Side, we just couldn’t find that.” In April, Wilk Auslander signed a lease at 1515 Broadway, between 44th and 45th Streets, and in doing so will follow in the footsteps of many other practices — small, large, white-shoe and blue-collar — that have recently migrated from the East Side of Manhattan to newer, more cost-efficient offices on the West Side.
“There is an erotic power to the microphone.” And having performed constantly since her teens, she can in retrospect appreciate the restorative physical value of a good rest, however enforced and however psychologically troubling.
“Greed dominates Ponzi schemes,” Sheehan argued.
When Karou sees a crow with bat wings, she knows it is summoning her for yet another trip to collect animal and human teeth.
Mr. Brezenoff said Continuum was in the black and would bring its market share to the table: it has 26 percent of all inpatients discharged by Manhattan hospitals.
Some of the more than 60 bulldogs in attendance appeared to move around the show ring better than others, which several show breeders confirmed to me was something that most judges value.
This statute prohibits Biglari Holdings from fully acquiring the company for five years if Biglari Holdings acquires more than 10 percent of Cracker Barrel without the prior approval of the Cracker Barrel board.
His father was a restaurateur and his mother a teacher.
At home that morning Mr. Levy, 34, had used a men’s talc marketed for below-the-belt use called Bálla Powder — a bit more, perhaps, than necessary.
Running time: 1 hour 35 minutes.
Does anyone in Washington get it?
(Smith) 20110609 ★ New Museum: ‘Lynda Benglis’ (Through June 19.)
The current system allows them to retire after 20 years of service, no matter how old they are.
American Indians like the Creek and the Seminole used fresh epazote as a treatment for fever and worms in children.
On a recent day, 43 emptied wooden crates — long, thin and painted in dark green — had been left behind on the sand inside the entrance.
“Four years ago it was about hope,” the mayor said.
The Dolphins have allowed 27.4 yards per kickoff return, putting them in the bottom third of the league.
has gotten so popular, in fact, that there is sort of a price war.
Spread out before him were stacks and stacks of court documents, copies of e-mail messages and press clippings, many of which he had marked meticulously with stick-on notes and highlighters.
She says that the Daley administration has been unwilling to punish offenders, and that it even promoted one aide who admitted involvement in fraudulent hiring to a cabinet-level position.
In a statement, the union said it had written the airline to “demand a serious review” of the new layover plan after a female flight attendant was accosted in her hotel room by a strange male, and several others reported receiving anonymous phone calls to their rooms.
CNN, which has largely trailed MSNBC in prime time for several years, managed to slip ahead of MSNBC in September in its prime-time shows among those 25-54 viewers.
“Despite a history of scoring errors, contract manipulation and corporate misbehavior, there’s been almost no public oversight of companies such as Pearson,” said Bob Schaeffer, a spokesman for FairTest, an advocacy group opposed to standardized testing.
“The conduct of McCrudden was way beyond mere speech.
and retired last year as director of the fiscal affairs department.
The most extraordinary attractions in the Kuching area, however, are natural.
From 11 a.m. to 5:45 p.m.; until 8 p.m. on Thursdays; until 4 p.m. on Fridays; 1109 Fifth Avenue, at 92nd Street, (212) 423-3200, thejewishmuseum.org ; free with admission: $12; $10 for 65+; $7.50 for students; free for under 12 and members.
The wars in Afghanistan and Iraq need to be under consideration.
On the small screen he sang King Melchior in the 1978 television film of Gian Carlo Menotti’s “Amahl and the Night Visitors,” also starring Teresa Stratas.
He was also interested in her — instantly.
BAM Rose Cinemas, 30 Lafayette Avenue, at Ashland Place, Fort Greene, Brooklyn, (718) 636-4100, bam.org ; $12.
Mr. St. Gudmondsson said inflation had since returned to normal levels and the market had stabilized somewhat.
“Before you open the newspaper, fold it; I know what I’m talking about,” General Emara said.
Callaway is a good offensive line coach, one who would get offers from around the region – perhaps even from Georgia – should he get his walking papers.
It’s a slice of Stockholm that is largely invisible from the sidewalk, and may offer reason enough for locals to linger.
He became a key member of a Colts offense that included the future Hall of Famers Unitas, Raymond Berry at wide receiver, Lenny Moore at halfback and Jim Parker at guard and tackle.
I was feeling dangerous and alive; it seemed like the right thing to do at the time.
“We’re now the Madoff firm, just go to our Web site and take a look,” said a lawyer at Baker Hostetler who spoke only on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak publicly.
“In the league, there are not many good players and they are concentrated in these top teams,” said Sergei N. Gimayev, a prominent hockey commentator who played with CSKA Moscow in the 1970s and ’80s.
Japanese insurance companies, global insurers and reinsurers, hedge funds and other investors in catastrophe bonds are all expected to bear a portion of the losses that seem likely to exceed $100 billion.
“People believe that where Than Shwe is, the power will follow.” Among other appointments this week, Thura Shwe Mann, a senior member of the junta, was elected speaker of the lower house of Parliament, and Khin Aung Myint, a retired general, ran unopposed and became speaker of the upper house.
Daniel L. Zerbe, 28, of York, Penn.
All around the world, highways are being torn down and waterfronts reclaimed; decades of thinking about cars and cities reversed; new public spaces created.
Mr. Cisneros, who is now the founding chairman of BioMedSA, a nonprofit organization of community and business leaders that promotes medical research in the city, said the current momentum in San Antonio has been a long time in the making — a result of “about 40 years of refining and honing economic cooperation.” He said that in addition to its thriving medical research community, the city is poised to benefit from the South Texas Eagle Ford Shale energy boom, the relocation of Mexican professionals with significant capital to invest, increased tourism because of extensive civic improvements and a growing aerospace industry.
Alice Tully Hall, 1941 Broadway, filmlinc.com/nyff .
“That will precipitate a huge fight and could change Social Security in a fundamental way.”
Shiva: Weiss residence May 29-June 1; Harrison residence (Larchmont) June 1-2.
The deluxe editions add what could have been another entire album recorded at the same sessions, though some songs have newly recorded vocals from Mick Jagger.
fans in the sellout crowd of 19,222 chanted the university’s initials.
But it has hardly been a routine first week.
“Gingrich is more Nixonian than he is Reaganite,” said Vin Weber, a former Republican congressman and the first chairman of the Conservative Opportunity Society, who is on good terms with Mr. Gingrich but supports Mr. Romney.
Developers and contractors involved in the scheme then passed the cost of the kickbacks and bribes on to the city with inflated invoices, the authorities said.
A small, lavishly ornate teapot has a top in the form of a bearded man wearing a helmet glazed in gold.
Mrs. Spoor was born July 20, 1916 in Haverhill, MA the daughter of the late Josef and Kristina (Pacikonis) Aladovich.
(These were a staple of my travels in Turkey and Lebanon.)
Married to his wife Jessica for 51 years.
It does not take many lessons to learn the shofar, he said, but it takes a good deal of practice, practice, practice to sound an elegant tekiah, shevarim, teruah — the three varieties of sounds that in various combinations are blown on Rosh Hashana and in abbreviated form at the close of Yom Kippur.
Japan’s leading producers of premium beef, including the world-famous Kobe brand, said Saturday that they had not yet tested their cattle or feed.
The question is not whether the state has an interest in preventing such harm, but whether current laws are effective in doing so.
“And people who know his staff know that if you want to try to get to John, you have to get through Mei.” Now, though, Ms. Ru has emerged as a central figure in a continuing federal investigation into whether thousands of dollars in illegal contributions have been funneled to the Liu campaign through a network of fictitious donors in the city’s Asian-American communities, according to a person familiar with the matter, who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
''32nd International Marine Art Exhibition and Sale,'' works by more than 100 artists.
Scientists have seen meaningful, responsive brain activity in such patients before, using a high-tech magnetic resonance imaging scanner, and in at least two cases, using an electroencephalogram machine, or EEG.
During her months in prison, she said, Ms. Tymoshenko managed to persuade her fellow inmates to join her in exercises.
They are doing no harm.
Ms. Channing and the production’s director, Joe Mantello, declined to be interviewed about Ms. Griffiths, noting they had not known her for long.
Musical crossbreeding was demonstrated in other ways, too.
In his latest incarnation, Gingrich poses as an outsider who will break up the Washington establishment — a scourge of the elites who feed off its culture of cronyism.
Kampala, Uganda WHEN Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton announced this month that the United States would use diplomacy to encourage respect for gay rights around the world, my heart leapt.
I’m not going to gamble on my typical children’s education.
ArchitectureKids , a company based in Tempe, Ariz., sells fanciful Disney -esque playhouses shaped like windmills, pirate ships and castles for $50,000 to $150,000; (480) 967-3409 or architecturekids.com .
“Adding the expertise in social commerce and game mechanics from the HomeRun.com team, along with their pioneering work in self-service merchant tools, aims to instantly enhance the value of the Deem platform,” Mr. Grady said.
As Standard & Poor’s downgrade of the United States government’s debt shows, our long-term federal fiscal woes remain with us.
Pepper spray was used, too, in Seattle on Tuesday night.
According to Mr. MacDonald’s Web site, Mr. Belafonte invited the young man to write him a song.
Papa Dash, a lite salt, established a loyal following but was pulled from production in the fall of 2000 as a result of declining sales.
But for young people without the benefit of a lot of family resources, without the kind of safety net that their wealthier peers enjoyed, they seemed an indispensable part of making it to graduation day.
The authors are among a small group of experts who say the only way to end the war in Afghanistan is to begin peace overtures to the Taliban.
“We were the best thing to happen to college football in every single way,” Carroll told The Los Angeles Times in November.
Sept. 29 at 8 p.m. $10.
Twenty-two families belonging to the Bidau tribe, one of the many indigenous groups in the Malaysian state of Sarawak on the island of Borneo, used to live here in a village they called Pridan Tinggiri.
“In such cases, traders are only allowed to sell the stock short at a price above the highest national bid, serving to relieve what is often sharp, rapid selling pressure,” the Journal reported.
Health Commissioner, John Dalli, said E.U.
Some operate in teams, renting a hotel room and holding a pumping party to inject 10 or 20 women at a time.
“She has a big, beautiful, plush sound that can soar above an orchestra, and she can lighten it up to sing very lyrically too.
De Laurentiis will know from experience that a drama is not over until it is over.
“With certain artists, it really gives them another bite at the apple,” Mr. Peresman says.
Working with Dr. Cohn, he began researching the primary white cells of the immune system — the large macrophages and the highly specific lymphocytes — which operate in a variety of ways to spot, apprehend and destroy infectious microorganisms and tumor cells.
“It’s a very painful mix.”
By 1990, however, Chevrolet seemed to have learned a lesson.
She gave the trustee “a B-plus,” but is frustrated at the slow pace of the process.
At least they seem that way at first.
(W. W. Norton & Company) 29.
The new Andy Warhol statue, a few yards from his former Factory, peers over the square from its column perched in a seating area north of the park.
“As a player he was a battler, a blue-collar player, and now he’s a blue-collar coach,” said Tim Taylor, who started as Yale’s coach in 1977, Allain’s first year in college, and continued until 2006, when Allain succeeded him.
He met his family near the finish line.
Her budget was $400,000 to $450,000.
“The improved stability that structural reform would bring to the U.K. economy would be positive for investment both in financial services and the wider economy.” The 2019 deadline is about four years later than some analysts had expected; the new rules would be adopted after the next general election.
Today’s question was written by Susan Behrens, who is a professor at Marymount Manhattan College and the author of “Grammar: A Pocket Guide.” Her question comes from the article “Politicians and Protesters Assail British Police.” After you’ve clicked “submit answer,” more information will appear.
Ronald Reagan came to national political prominence in part by railing against “socialized medicine” on doctors’ behalf.
“They just come in here like Rambos and do what they want,” he said.
Both sides have strained to calculate the largest numbers they can in terms of economic harm.
The latest proposal is the most the Knicks are willing to offer, according to several news media outlets.
People in stores and restaurants call out “Phil” just to see men turn their heads.
Now, as Jeremy Varon, a historian at the New School, said of Zuccotti Park: “This is the Obama generation declaring their independence from his administration.” By allying itself with the protest, the left at large is telling the president that a campaign slogan that essentially says “We’re better than Eric Cantor” won’t cut it in 2012.
Vital Theater Company has revived its musical adaptation of the books by Katharine Holabird and Helen Craig and the PBS series “Angelina Ballerina the Next Steps.” The show, by Susan DiLallo and Ben Morss, features Angelina and her fellow students doing modern dance, the Irish jig and hip-hop, as well as ballet.
Johnson was a fox in a henhouse,” Mr. Breuer said.
Trumbo’s son, Christopher, and Hunter’s son, Tim, who had been friends since childhood, decided in 2010 to contact the Writers Guild to seek the official restoration of Dalton Trumbo’s writing credit for the film.
Last year, to raise money for energy investments, Brazil carried out the largest share offering in the history of humanity.
STEVE STRICKER Edgerton, Wis., 25-1 Stricker, 44, at No.
The fact that many images of the remote location were taken over time, beginning in 2004, suggests a costly interest on the part of an individual or organization.
Last year, he said, “I can invite you to do an intervention at the V & A.” My God: done.
He also said that state employees should be barred from double-dipping: retiring, taking pensions and then taking on another state job.
We have already taken steps to ensure that we can conduct business as usual while maintaining the safety of all our employees, which is of utmost importance.” Some Midtown banks have second offices in high-risk zones.
“I felt that if I’m laying out a whole bunch of facts that are going to create lots of problems for him for years to come, that I also list his side of the equation in terms of what he’d done for Berkshire,” Mr. Buffett said.
Lionel protests: “I’m trying to get you to realize you needn’t be governed by fear.
He follows Grimaldi’s rules: no slices and no credit cards.
Mr. Christie’s approach stands in contrast to a pair of Democratic governors, Dannel P. Malloy of Connecticut and Andrew M. Cuomo of New York, who have negotiated concessions with labor unions rather than imposing them through legislation.
“The Fed view is they have sufficient room to allow prices to run before they need to tighten policy,” Dan Greenhaus, the chief economic strategist for Miller Tabak & Company, said in a telephone interview.
Previous analyses have mostly used the Current Population Survey, a monthly poll of 65,000 households.
“It was depressing, but it never occurred to me that previously it had been a vibrant community where people had been pushed out.” On Saturday, Ms. Margolis and about 10 other residents of Park West Village went to the Frederick Douglass Center to share in the memories.
And Ms. Kelley predicted that more units would be turned into vacation rentals as landlords sought to avoid rent-control laws available to long-term tenants.
About $2.7 billion of its revenue is part of the fixed-income, currency and commodities trading business, or F.I.C.C., Goldman’s largest business and one about which it provides very little detail.
Studied horticulture in the UK; reached America as a refugee in 1940.
Others to Avoid: Jonathan Stewart, Cedric Benson, Joseph Addai, Pierre Thomas, Marion Barber Wide Receiver Greg Jennings, GB — As we pointed out earlier in our top-10 receiver rankings, Jennings was a major beneficiary of Jermichael Finley’s absence in 2010.
Seeking to restore competitiveness, Greece, because it is in the euro, cannot devalue its currency and, like other nations on the zone’s periphery, has instead had to impose what economists call an “internal devaluation.” Instead, the difference in labor costs between countries like Greece and Germany is to be closed by sharply reducing public-sector wages — a move that is a hallmark of the Greek government’s reform effort.
The security presence was more pronounced in Homs, residents said, as scores of military vehicles loaded with soldiers and equipment were seen on the highway from Damascus.
Photographs of the subject, a suspected crack dealer, and his house were passed among the 10 officers who would be carrying out the search.
Page 9 CLINTON CHIDES TURKEY Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said that she was troubled by Turkey's arrests of dozens of journalists and that it was ''inconsistent'' with the economic and political progress the country has made.
Crown Victorias were also widely used by police departments across the country.
“When she came to me the first time, she started crying,” her case worker, Maria Gualy, recalled.
FRAYED WELL Mason jars, exposed light bulbs, stray ladders, zippers and spools create a rare, if obviously cultivated, “homemade” atmosphere on a rather generic shopping row.
But there is, in theory, a happy solution to our debt troubles.
“I thought the pilot got control of the plane at the last minute,” he said.
Lamborghini will produce its Sesto Elemento, the lightweight hypercar introduced at the 2010 Paris auto show , as a “technology demonstrator” concept.
: The Extra-Terrestrial'' and ''Schindler's List'' (some with film clips) as well as excerpts from works by Alex North, Bernard Herrmann and Erich Korngold.
The commissioner, Neelie Kroes , will be trying to determine whether so-called wholesale access charges are unduly inflated, making the operators’ outdated copper-wire networks so profitable that they are less inclined to invest in new high-speed broadband networks.
In an interview, Ms. Whitman, who became a member of the board this year, said the process that had led to Mr. Apotheker’s ouster took place over about three months, and came to a head in late August.
Edwin, a 23-year-old office assistant from San Mateo who declined to give his last name out of concern he would lose his job, said he regretted that Ms. Quan had not been allowed to speak to the protesters.
Hoke, 52, coached defensive linemen at Michigan from 1995 to 2002 under Lloyd Carr, and he is considered a strong recruiter, not only attracting Midwestern talent to Michigan but also working hard to get players from California .
You have worked mostly on residences and smaller commercial properties, and this is your first hotel.
“I don’t talk to member countries individually about this; the market sorts itself out.” In August, Saudi Arabia raised its production of oil and attempted to persuade other OPEC members to do the same in order to stabilize oil prices amid uncertainty in the global economy.
“You beat Real Madrid by having the ball and not losing it in the center of the pitch,” Betis striker Ruben Castro said.
And Republican operatives almost uniformly declared it as a sign of great trouble for his candidacy, with Mark McKinnon, an aide to former President George W. Bush, describing the moment as the ''human equivalent of shuttle Challenger.''
Later in June, the European Union first and then the I.M.F.
So naturally his game company, 38 Studios, is named after his jersey number.
“Most credible co-op boards want a name on the deed,” said Pamela Liebman, the president of the Corcoran Group.
Israel has trapped itself in an impossible position, in which it sacrifices vital security interests in order to return hostages or their bodies, and this exceeds all the limits of reason.
The organizers of the Chinatown district say that 35 percent of owners would pay only the minimum assessment of $200 a year, 74 percent would pay under $1,000 a year, and only a handful would pay the maximum of $5,000 a year.
“His death may serve to galvanize people to realize that what Havel was saying over the years was not just moralizing,” Mr. Pehe said.
With the rise of mass consumption, ethical discussions have focused on images of female beauty.
Jimmy Roselli, a pop singer widely known as the other crooner from Hoboken, spent his life in the long, slim shadow of Francis Albert Sinatra.
Flannery cites, too, Wallace’s denunciation of the “criminal apathy” behind the choking urban pollution of the late 19th century, which stunted and killed the poor in particular.
They thought that Cohen was ineffective and that a return to him would create the appearance they were again operating as a union after their decision to decertify.
He wanted his job back.
Has the Atlantic alliance outlived its usefulness?
And things could get even worse for the poor if the president feels the need to cut too many deals with the new Republican-led House in order to appear more centrist.
By contrast, Christine C. Quinn, the City Council speaker, has relied on maximum contributions for roughly a third of her $4.5 million, and Scott M. Stringer, the Manhattan borough president, has collected about a quarter of his $1.7 million in a similar fashion.
“Well, it would be a condition of creating a Twitter account, would it not?” “Correct, that’s true,” the lawyer replied.
DAVID R. DOW Houston, Nov. 30, 2011 The writer is a professor at the University of Houston and Rice University and represents death row inmates.
The federal Department of Agriculture unveiled a new plan on Thursday to manage the national forest system that government officials said would give them more flexibility in responding to modern stresses like climate change while also heading off lawsuits.
Elizabeth Ming, a spokeswoman in Procter’s digestive wellness division, said the brand used to advertise steadily throughout the year, but now took a “pulsed marketing approach where we focus our spending and our efforts around times when we know people are celebrating.”  In the last year, for instance, the brand ran commercials and videos tied to Cinco de Mayo.
I put comfort ahead of dazzle.
App Smart Extra More from the New York Times’s App Smart columnist.
Janice Seamon-Molson (East for U.S.A.-2) passed, because overcalling a pre-empt shows a good hand; you do not pre-empt against a pre-empt.
Michael’s upstanding friend, Moses Barron (Eli James), and Lizzie Brennan (Wrenn Schmidt), the young woman who hopes to become Mrs. Barron, are among the characters folded into the mix, all of them nicely etched by this skilled cast.
WHITE PLAINS White Plains Performing Arts Center ''Menopause the Musical,'' by Jeanie Linders.
The two owner-operators (one talks and the other drives and rings the bell) return happy waves from locals and blast Chuck Berry as they cruise Route 66.
A New Yorker cartoon portrays the downside of the cloud.
For about an hour I explored the dungeon, hurling lightning bolts, summoning zombies and unleashing swarms of locusts to decimate the waves of bloodthirsty foes standing between me and the next treasure chest.
THEMATIC ECHOES The small seascapes above the two Renoir nudes pick up the theme of bathing, which links to the water depicted in the central Gauguin.
Every toddler on our playground knows chicks are yellow and Easter bunnies are, of course, pink.
July 3 at 3 p.m.
“Most of them I really dislike.” He makes an exception for the classic.
But another appears to be Jason Reese, the chairman of Imperial Capital, a Los Angeles-based investment bank, according to two people in baseball with knowledge of his interest in the team.
Meanwhile Ilsa (Indira Varma) undertakes her first mission.
A last-legs veteran toiling away on a lottery club?
Abortion, a divisive topic that provokes little political debate in Europe, has re-emerged as a burning-hot wedge issue in United States politics, stirring up the bitter and sometimes violent discussion that has been raging for decades between anti-abortion forces and supporters of abortion rights.
Many of the photographs are subtle, like the flock of geese caught in an airborne “V” behind a string of holiday lights [ Slide 10 ].
“In other countries, where agriculture is still a large segment of the economy, the productivity story holds much more weight,” Dr. Neidell said.
“We’re looking at the potential death of this opera,” said Tino Gagliardi, president of Local 802 of the American Federation of Musicians.
To Sheik Abdel Moneim el-Shahat, the Muslim Brotherhood ’s call to apply only the broad principles of Islamic law allows too much freedom.
Melissa Cole Elgin, Tex., Jan. 25, 2011 • To the Editor: Richard P. Sloan argues that “positive characteristics like optimism, spirituality and being a compassionate person” have no enhancing effects on health and longevity.
Isaac and Frances were the adoring parents to three devoted children: Michael of New Orleans, LA, Jonathan of Ft. Worth, Texas and Nicolle of New York City.
The company recorded earnings of $30.7 million for the first nine months of the year, on revenue of $828.9 million.
There were a few matchmaking offers from people in his sister-in-law’s shul, and one from an actual shadchen (Jewish matchmaker), offering, by e-mail: “sister and granddaughter of rabbi; graduate of Wesleyan; entrepreneur, passionate foodie; VERY beautiful (soulmate?
“It is unfortunate that the opposition continues to raise those charges that have been debated, discussed and rejected by the people of India,” he said.
New classified intelligence obtained before the May 29 disappearance of the journalist, Saleem Shahzad, 40, from the capital, Islamabad, and after the discovery of his mortally wounded body, showed that senior officials of the spy agency, the Directorate for Inter-Services Intelligence , directed the attack on him in an effort to silence criticism, two senior administration officials said.
It really should be peeled; it will look, taste and bite more nicely if you take the time.
I figured there must be a good Internet site to help, but I didn’t find it.” So, he decided to create the site himself.
Anyone who watched private equity firms during the financial crisis would not be surprised to learn of Mr. Lee’s lament.
BEN SHPIGEL This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.
Here is what City Room is reading in other newspapers and blogs.
Mr. Ludin said “three or four” sitting cabinet members had received dubious loans.
“I’ve never heard so much nonsense in my life,“ said Charles Glover, chairman and chief executive of Telos Digital Television Networks, which owns the Fox station in Portland, Me.
Smart girls love scary stories, and Helen Grant gratifies that perverse taste with THE GLASS DEMON (Bantam, paper, $15), a clever genre mash-up of bildungs­roman, horror tale, historical whodunit, buried-­treasure adventure and academic mystery.
Mexican immigrant households are more likely to experience overcrowding and spend more than half their income on rent than those of any other immigrant group or the native-born population, says the study , to be released Wednesday by the Community Service Society , an anti-poverty advocacy and research group in New York.
In the past, the commission has required the U.S. technology giants Microsoft and Intel to pay fines of more than €1 billion, or $1.34 billion, each for antitrust abuses, and Google will be seeking to avoid a similar fate.
“There are so many possibilities,” said Mary Joe Fernandez, the United States Fed Cup captain.
worth three times the face value of their tickets, which were mostly $800 or $900 apiece.
Bunch said the shop would allow the museum to talk about important themes, like black fashion and the role of African-American women as entrepreneurs.
“We had some misunderstandings, whatever you want to call it, the Hit for Haiti thing, people really grabbed onto,” Sampras said.
Asked about the player he first saw at age 8 and has worked with since, Mulligan said, “He looks like he’s 12, plays like he’s 30 and he’s only 19.” That summarizes the youngster who would like to remain one for a while longer.
“A hundred years of police payoffs — a system called the pad — was ended by Murphy,” Thomas A. Reppetto, a police historian and author, said in an interview on Friday.
“So you’re amongst friends.” McEnroe’s experience highlights an aspect that some star athletes might see as a deterrent to attending Stanford.
Sir Paul Stephenson , the Scotland Yard chief, told a news conference on Sunday that he had not told the prime minister about his close ties with Mr. Wallis, arrested last week on suspicion of involvement in the phone hacking and bribery of police officers, because he “did not want to compromise a potential suspect who clearly had a close relationship with Mr. Coulson.” Mr. Yates said on Monday that he had acted with “complete integrity” in his actions involving The News of the World, that he was the victim of “malicious gossip” and that if he were to be impugned for having links to Mr. Wallis, so, too, should those with links to Mr. Coulson, Mr. Wallis’s one-time boss.
Weprin is tainted by a long career in politics,” Mr. Turner said.
The only program that might not be a guaranteed crowd pleaser is the documentary “Bill T. Jones: A Good Man” on Nov. 11, about the staging in Chicago of his dance-theater piece for the Abraham Lincoln bicentennial.
That is also true on the N.F.L.
The company has lost half of its value — about $8 billion worth — over the last two months.
Four Classes on Cheese There will be cheese classes throughout October at Elsewhere Restaurant, 403 West 43rd Street.
Do I have competing, higher-R.O.I.
I confess, I don't say this often about the women's game, but Marta could, apart from the brutality, play in most men's leagues in the world.
“I understand the notion of covering up for athletes, but I think this was the opposite,” he said.
¶ Miki Saiki of Japan took a one-stroke lead at the Evian Masters, shooting a five-under 67 in the second round to move to nine under in Evian-les-Bains, France.
At the Ramlila Maidan, a sprawling ground in central New Delhi frequently used for political events, dozens of media trucks were setting up on Thursday as city workers hurriedly tried to remove turf made sodden by monsoon rains.
WellPoint also said it would continue to pay for the test.
They carved the shortest path all the way home.” And, most important, “we made very good time.” Even if, as the highway era dawned, Sal Paradise was somewhere weeping into his beer, for most people, the new promise of the Interstate System was more than fine.
For those who struggle to maintain a firewall between their professional and personal lives, a concept car from Renault suggests that your resistance is admirable, but futile.
Al Jazeera and CNN reported late Monday that Mohammed may have escaped capture by the rebels, and that a body found in Tripoli may have been that of Khamis.
Speaking of dirty little secrets: this piece by Greenpeace’s Casson Trenor has been floating around for a little while, but it’s an important read if you want to know what goes into your can of tuna.
The contrast with the Teatro Real is stark.
Its 7.5 percent unemployment rate is below the national average.
Russian air traffic controllers failed to warn the crew of President Lech Kaczynski of Poland ’s plane that it was off course shortly before it crashed last year in Russia , Polish investigators said Tuesday.
Ms. Jiau, prosecutors said, sold inside information to Mr. Barai and Noah Freeman, a former trader at SAC Capital Advisors.
Senators from Vermont, Maine and New York are sponsoring a bill that would make it a felony to sell fake maple syrup as the real thing, punishable by up to five years in prison.
The wild world is gradually pressing its way in.
The men play best-of-five-set matches; the women best-of-three.
And many young people, seizing new freedoms, are busier than ever, creating dozens of newspapers and magazines that have suddenly appeared in kiosks and coffee shops, and new civil society groups to lead the next phase of the revolt.
The Obama administration had been under increasing pressure from environmental groups, as well as citizens and lawmakers in Nebraska, to reroute the pipeline.
Mr. Steiner, whose arresting images appear in the Berlin-based magazine 032c, said, “I’ve always believed that there’s a guiding parameter to photographs, and that’s quality,” adding, “I don’t think commercial is a bad word.
Mr. Shevlin is pursuing his studies like someone making up for lost time.
Girardi’s words were only moderately provocative — “I didn’t really care for it.” — but observers nevertheless wondered whether retaliation would arrive the next day.
You can be sure money will flow in here from Saudi Arabia and Qatar to support the Muslim Brotherhood.
Their acceptance, I think, has caused Americans to reconsider their reflexive distaste for alternative wine packaging.
Greg Bishop Stephen Garcia, the much maligned South Carolina quarterback, could not lead the Gamecocks down the field.
Even the possibility that fans could have access to the books on their iPads through the Kindle app seemed disallowed.
The White House still is hoping that a deal with Republicans can emerge from the work of a joint House-Senate committee that will meet over the next two months.
When foreigners apply for financing, preference is usually given to those already living in Spain.
First, an American writer and director, Woody Allen , created a gorgeous homage to vintage Paris in “Midnight in Paris.” Now, a French writer and director, Michel Hazanavicius, has created a gorgeous homage to vintage Hollywood.
It was, by definition, indifferent.” After repeated attempts to penetrate the sea ice and retrieve the men, the captain of the Terra Nova gave up, leaving the members of the group to fend for themselves as the savage winter approached.
“The mobile Internet is a dynamic industry that can be a critical driver in restoring American economic growth and job creation, but only if companies are allowed to react quickly to customer needs and market forces,” he said.
SEXY may not be the first word that comes to mind to describe Barnes & Noble , but the sex appeal of the bookseller rose considerably this week among some readers of Esquire magazine.
Smiling coyly, wagging her head in persuasive mimicry of a winsome geisha, Ms. Dukakis’s Flora swoops and poses and flutters her fans before her stunned audience of one, as if performing before the imperial court of some bygone dynasty.
“They regulate all financial products and services, so if it involves a dollar changing hands, they can regulate it, or she can, because she actually has total discretion” over consumer financial products, Mr. Bachus said.
In 2010, Groupon spent $263 million on marketing and lost $456 million.
“We’re hoping for an exciting spring.”
Seth Freed, a business manager who Mr. Turner hired in the spring to line up sponsors and organize a concert series, said he resigned after Creem failed to pay his salary for three months or reimburse him for thousands of dollars of travel.
In these stories, grief is a chronic condition, not a hardship to overcome, but to be endured.
17, when he stockpiled six birdies.
Page A14 Obituaries SAM FINK, 95 He was a calligrapher who, in a series of books, reverentially inscribed the precise texts of four historical documents -- each a beacon of liberty -- and illustrated them with sometimes whimsical, often pungent drawings.
I feel bad about this, but suspect it may be too late to rectify the situation.
Update | Nov. 16: We now have a Student Opinion question that we will leave open to which you can invite your students to post: Do You Sympathize With the Occupy Wall Street Movement?
Medicaid must compete annually with the National Institutes of Health, the Food and Drug Administration, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other agencies.
TransCanada has offered to reroute the Keystone XL pipeline so it avoids the Ogallala Aquifer in Nebraska.
Kidd and a little pest named J. J. Barea hit the big shots from beyond the arc that James did not.
But cyberbullying is not why kids are supposed to stay away.
Cut their pay in half, cut their time in Washington in half, cut their staff in half, send them home.
For privacy policy reasons, we will not publish student comments that include a last name.
He was actually whistling a tune.
“And one day he said to me, ‘You know, fame — it’s an empty shell; there’s nothing to it.’ ” Not that Mr. Ferrer was interested in acting.
The deliberations to craft the memo included meetings in the White House Situation Room involving top lawyers for the Pentagon, State Department, National Security Council and intelligence agencies.
And of course that cannot be true.” But when asked to deny their claims more categorically, he declined.
As America switched from a country that made things to one that bought them, so much of business began to exist in the abstract, with deeds exchanged and stocks sold.
PAY YOUR WAY UP THE LADDER.
“The freedom of an original story can be terrifying, but it was also liberating.” When Ms. Ronan, who turns 17 this month, signed on to “Hanna,” Focus Features, which produced the film, did not have a director attached.
“Q Road” was widely praised for its authentic rendering of rural Michigan: part dump, part wilderness and part farmland.
Comedy Central announced Tuesday that Mr. Sheen, who was fired earlier this year from his long-time CBS Monday night hit comedy, “Two and a Half Men,” has agreed to be the subject of a comedy roast special on Sept. 19.
There are two main advantages to this, she said.
This may not bring much comfort to the segment of Yankees fandom that covers its eyes whenever A. J. Burnett walks to the mound.
Sukarno was ''so terribly happy, and he'd say, 'This is my second wife, and this was.'...''
With its winding snow-coated streets and timbered mansions, the town looked like a large-scale gingerbread village.
For Spanish banks, meanwhile, their combined exposure of €77 billion to Portugal is by far the largest among European institutions.
THE SOCIAL ANIMAL, by David Brooks.
In the buildup to this dinner I had long discussions with myself about whether it was O.K.
Nothing that Mr. McMullan said was particularly surprising; anyone following the phone hacking scandal that engulfed News International and its parent, the News Corporation, over the summer is now more than familiar with outrageous tales of tabloid malfeasance.
Dynegy described Mr. Icahn’s $5.50-a-share offer as a stalking-horse bid aimed at flushing out higher takeover proposals.
However, it did give us a welcome chance for a national discussion about Galileo, who does not get mentioned nearly enough.
It asks readers to get off their rocking chairs and “take back the knit.” Since the book’s publication, Ms. Prain said, she has been getting dozens of e-mails a week from yarn bombers from as far away as Russia, Morocco and Iran.
“Syria is a very difficult country to govern if you don’t have popular support,” he said.
Solos from other works presented here, however, plunge us into space-age imagination and startling multidirectionality.
Did they suffer mental illness?
The reason these endorsements matter is not that voters care about them all that much about them in a literal sense; a swing voter in Jacksonville, Fla., is unlikely to have her choice swayed by a Romney endorsement from Representative Thaddeus McCotter of Michigan.
Bigger-than normal changes have persisted since, though they haven’t been quite as drastic.
And Sony will roll out an aggressive promotion for its “The Amazing Spiderman,” even though the film won’t be seen until July 2012.
“The Rake’s Progress” from 2003 is particularly welcome, with Dawn Upshaw, Paul Groves, Samuel Ramey and Stephanie Blythe about as good as one could hope and Mr. Levine ebullient in the pit.
But with polls showing Mr. Obama’s approval ratings slipping here, Republicans, including Virginia’s governor, say a repeat of his 2008 victory is increasingly unlikely.
Page A10 National MODERNIZING ATTACK ADS BY USING OLD VIDEOS The attack-ad technique of choice for the 2012 election has been in-their-own-words advertising campaigns: anything you have said or done on film will be held against you.
Shares of JPMorgan Chase jumped 6.1 percent, the most among the 30 stocks in the Dow average.
The additional security includes hourly checks at some of the city’s synagogues and mosques, as well as arranging meetings with building superintendents and representatives of large businesses and manufacturers to remind them to report suspicious activity to the police, Lieutenant Evers said.
You can conduct commerce by day using the desk, free stationery, two phones, high-speed Internet (though no wireless access) and flat-screen TV with dozens of foreign stations.
Reading “A Saving Remnant,” one feels a sad sense of history repeating itself.
The secret, though, is that those hybrids have been there all along, undernoticed by those in search of the falsely authentic.
In “Carnival” (1908) figures in lavish costumes and masks spread out across a village square, all rushing, it seems, toward the same event, as if pulled by a magnet.
“We were in church,” recalled Jean-Marie Tushabe, 26, a father of two.
He also said he thought it would increase voter confidence.
(A. O. Scott) ‘Another Earth’ (PG-13, 1:32) The director Mike Cahill and his star, the promising newcomer Brit Marling, wrote this moody, modest science-fiction film about second chances, parallel lives and a planet that may be a twin to our own.
The surrounding land would be reserved for ball fields and walking trails.
The ball ricocheted into the face of home plate umpire Tony Randazzo which caused a bit of a delay.
None of the Hindu rites take place in this village.” The senior Religious Affairs Ministry official for Hinduism in Central Kalimantan, Sisto Hartati, veers between seemingly contradictory positions on the new faith.
Britain has become more diverse and complex in an era when the smash-and-grab crime of earlier decades has been replaced by far more sophisticated law-breaking.
In a body full of ambitious and egotistical people, Mr. Weiner, 46, stands out for his brash and sometimes even impulsive style.
An American helpless in the face of Parisian charms and pleasures.
“To have a major breakthrough in policy, you have to be able to stop and think.” Several advisers pleaded with Mr. Gingrich not to go on the vacation, an aide said, but Mrs. Gingrich wanted to go.
When I finally left the opulent den, parting with repeated handshakes, smiles and “enchantées,” I was beyond sated, beyond charmed.
Aswath Damodaran, a finance professor at New York University who has researched the issue, said young high-tech companies often pay less than 10 percent of income in taxes, while old-line firms like railroads and utilities often pay more than 25 percent.
The agreement between Grady and Fresenius would allow Ms. Andrade to receive treatment in Atlanta if she could return here.
Even within a standardized curriculum, there must always be room for inquiry, critical thinking and independent study.
Recent rains might have washed radioactive particles into the water, as the Japanese government suggested.
President Obama , surveying some of the most crippling flood damage from Tropical Storm Irene , vowed on Sunday that budgetary wrangling in Washington would not delay federal aid to stricken communities.
Regarding Daniel Hamermesh’s “The ugly need not apply” (Views, Sept. 2): There’s something puzzling, to say the least, about the proposal to offer legal protection to the “ugly.” Even if the study Mr. Hamermesh cites is accurate and less attractive people earn 10 to 15 percent less in the workplace, how about short or obese people?
But loan growth has been flat across the industry, especially for consumer lending.
To Clarence Hill Jr. of The Fort Worth Star-Telegram , it meant Coach Jason Garrett no longer even pretends to trust quarterback Tony Romo.
Ms. Kher called the sculpture a symbol for the great, lumbering India desperate to get off its feet.
Donations to the American Cancer Society in his name would be greatly appreciated.
Critics are expected to highlight a formal study regarding the proposal’s economic effects.
The pressing issues of poverty, illiteracy, education and unemployment have to be fully addressed.
When Macdonald attacked Wolfe at length in The New York Review of Books in 1965 (after Wolfe had written a sarcastic appraisal of The New Yorker, Macdonald’s employer at the time), Wolfe wrote a letter to the editor that was a masterpiece of hipster élan.
We’re still living in a dream.”
“But it is an open question how popular it becomes.” At Lytro, the view is that the technology, once it gets into people’s hands, opens the door to many possible new features and uses.
While the current Patriots do not compare to the golden era teams of 2001-4, they do not have to: all of the changes have kept the quality high.
And now they’re reuniting for “Tool Is Loot”: let the adventures continue.
While Alvaro Olson, who lived with his sister until he died in 1967, is less known than Christina, the exhibition has a number of paintings of him, including a haunting watercolor of him smoking a pipe on the doorstep.
But at least the state would avoid having to come up with yet another plan in a year or two.
(He didn’t need it for commuting; his free house was a five-minute walk from the school.)
Protesters handed the materials over voluntarily, and there were no arrests.
After the success of Jonathan Demme's 1991 film of ''The Silence of the Lambs'' there were quite a few books, movies and even television shows (notably Chris Carter's ''Millennium'') featuring detectives with the ability to identify with murderous psychos, a highly ambiguous gift.
Mama (Harriett Trangucci) and Dad (Scott McGowan) have a decision to make.
I think that for a lot of people, going to a concert is at the end of the day, and it’s their winding-down space.” At some point, she took off her trademark dangling red bracelet, picked up in the West Village.
SHREWSBURY Guild of Creative Art “Retrospective” and “Barn in Landscape,” paintings by Santo Pezzutti and Guido Guazzoni.
Still, Jaji became a kind of touchstone in the Bin Laden myth.
“Most animals are afraid of fire, but we love to stare into it and smell cooking meat,” Dr. Myhrvold said.
The Education Department has strongly encouraged parents to complete the forms, even offering prizes, including a trip for two to the Pro Bowl in Hawaii , paid for by the Jets .
Dr. Vucetich said that it is impossible to know for sure, but the Isle Royale wolves might have disappeared completely.
Mr. Kuderna said he was performing it in memory of Celia Cooke, Mr. Distler’s wife and a founder of Composers Collaborative, who died in March.
But she declines to examine such issues in detail, electing instead to pelt the reader with extraneous digressions about “Moby-Dick” and a visit she once made to the New Bedford Whaling Museum.
Big offensive plays will be magnified in this one, as yardage and points are at a premium right now.
The sale values the company at about £500 million, or $800 million, two people with direct knowledge of the matter said, declining to elaborate or be identified because they were not authorized to discuss the matter.
It took six weeks out of their lives.
But he would need much more than his vaunted ability to get along with Republicans to make it through the pruning that must be done to cull White House invitation lists down to manageable sizes.
Mr. Reback said that even though Google had come under attack, its connections had probably softened the blow.
Expanding the list to include corner outfielders provides some more hopeful cases.
For the last 30 years, that has been the bad news.
So Ms. Tracy must educate and cajole local chambers of commerce, mom and pop stores and others.
That is the “heightened attention to detail” Gilbert sees.
The News Corporation opened the company here in 1999 while maneuvering to gain a foothold in the former Soviet and Eastern European markets to compliment its media holdings in China.
and Major League Baseball, the average boxer has no agent, no advocate and no money for medical advice and treatment.
They are relics of a crypt-building boom in the Gilded Age.
It’s not likely to pass unchanged, but the urge to compromise may take a toll on these programs.
Hike along the Long Island Sound.
But almost three-quarters of Republicans voted in the affirmative.
The latest software for the Nano, Apple's midsize music player, changed the home screen interface from a square of four small icons that you flick through across multiple screens, to a sliding row of larger icons that move across the screen as you swipe them with your finger.
For many people, the biggest fear is cancer .
(Most of the cables are unclassified, but some are classified up to the level of “secret.”) “We continue to carefully monitor what becomes public and to take steps to mitigate the damage to national security and to assist those who may be harmed by these illegal disclosures to the extent that we can,” Ms. Nuland said.
And if I had not known the work’s title, I would still have been swept along.
At home, we’re relaxed and civilized.
Misuratans were angry about Colonel Qaddafi’s attempts to curry favor with Tawerga, visiting frequently, building new homes and drawing up plans to redesign the city.
A dash of red matched the models’ scarlet lips.
It is a useful indication of the care to be taken in assuming that the so-called Arab Spring is a time of revolutionary social renewal.
And one main species of desire that I desire to see prevail in general, if not in every instance, is that which is based on true or at least rational belief.
In 1891, when Kansas and Missouri first met, Texas had yet to play a football game.
If you looked carefully among the participants, you’d espy Britain’s foremost nature writer, Richard Mabey, the author, most recently, of “Weeds: In Defense of Nature’s Most Unloved Plants.” Weeds — defined on their most basic level as plants that occur in the wrong place or at the wrong time — have been vexing humans at least since the development of agriculture, forcing us to grapple not only with their aggressive physical forms but also with the paradoxes they present.
Although Duch freely admitted his guilt and there was a paper trail linking him to the killings at Tuol Sleng prison, the trial still took eight months and was grossly overcomplicated by a distraction called “the victims unit.” In a country where thieves are routinely beaten to death by angry mobs, many Cambodians were baffled when Duch’s sentence was reduced to 19 years.
The Brazilian prosecutors have accused the American pilots of committing an offense similar to criminally negligent homicide by flying when their radar might have been off, failing to follow their flight plan and flying at the wrong altitude.
“Stephen gets design,” Mr. Ahtisaari said.
“I voted for him and I’m writing a letter indicating that I will not be voting for him in the next election,” Ms. Deckop said.
“Next week I’ll have a test, so maybe 10 hours then.” He adds: “It seems like now, every take-home test you get, you can just go and Google .
It is kitsch and not kitsch, irony and homage both.
The Mets, for their part, need to expand their list of exhibition opponents.
The acting police chief, Sveinung Sponheim, said the suspect’s Internet postings “suggest that he has some political traits directed toward the right, and anti-Muslim views, but if that was a motivation for the actual act remains to be seen.” He said the suspect had also been seen in Oslo before the explosions.
More interesting, I think, is the effect of the violence on people who live away from Mexican border towns.
The bad news is that if you fall under the Alternative Minimum Tax, the state tax payments will be ignored in calculating your federal tax.
Its companion piece is a documentary that is more directly focused on Mr. Barceló in Africa.
The revised system mirrors a recent state law that will require that four-tier evaluation scale to be used for all public school teachers statewide in the coming years.
When was the last time anyone was able to wave that 12th Man flag with something meaningful on the line?
It posted a profit for the quarter of $173.3 million, or 3 cents a share, compared with $15.3 million from the same period last year, and $744.4 million in revenue, up 6.4 percent from last year.
The Army has also retooled similar planes to track insurgents who plant bombs.
It is Liz Rosenberg, not Liz Robinson.
While the study looked only at men, Dr. Lee said she believed the findings would hold for women as well, since the biological effects of overweight and obesity on heart disease risk are similar in the two sexes.
Mr. Mozilo described the shift as a “long, uphill battle.” “When I first brought the loans into the office, they said: ‘You’re nuts, you’re crazy, don’t do this.
Some orchestras have already tried to hold down their costs since the mid-1990s by and freezing their in-house pension plans and shifting to a large multiemployer plan, in which the benefits are smaller and the risks and costs spread over a much bigger group.
Weeden lurks behind Andrew Luck and others as an afterthought in a Heisman Trophy race that is gathering steam among the nation’s top quarterbacks.
Thanks to Mr. Cowell’s backing and its status as a hit overseas, there is already a significant amount of interest in “The X Factor,” and Fox is trying to stir it up further: in November, at least 10 months before the show’s premiere, the network started to run short commercials for it.
Ms. Ahmed was taken to St. Barnabas Hospital nearby, where she was pronounced dead, the authorities said.
Lenders were also required to issue fresh disclosure documents if loan terms worsen before the settlement date, restarting the review process.
Or perhaps the pain killer kicked in.
For an explanation of our methodology, visit https://www.nytimes.com/best-sellers.
Since the 1993 murder convictions of Damien W. Echols, Jason Baldwin, and Jessie Misskelley Jr., who became known as the “West Memphis Three,” musicians like the members of Metallica, Henry Rollins , Natalie Maines and Eddie Vedder, and actors like Johnny Depp, Winona Ryder have spoken out, asserting the men’s innocence.
People who say the Muslim world isn’t ready for democracy ignore, among other things, the fact that Muslims already have it.” That observation neatly summarizes how conflicted our presence in Afghanistan is.
It came just days after he seemed to swallow the Republican Party ’s insincere talk of deficit reduction by praising a six-month budget deal that cuts too deeply, and a week after Republicans released their proposal to cut taxes and erase decades of social progress by rewriting entitlement programs.
“I think it will encourage liberalism in Malaysia and this understanding is worrisome,” he told reporters .
The police and members of Parliament were compromised.
Buying bulletproof vests and ammunition.
After dropping out of the Top 25 last week, Auburn will move back in with a bullet.
The Clearing House asserted that “any suggestion that federal pre-emption has encouraged predatory lending practices or somehow led to the subprime crisis is baseless and incorrect.”
8 Purdue on Sunday, 68-64.
But even if they’re rarely pretty, the Bears have proven resilient, writes Rick Morrissey in the Chicago Sun-Times , a quality the Eagles apparently failed to sign in their free agency frenzy.
By any measure, the most recent rookie quarterback/receiver combo to have any sort of success was Tim Couch and Kevin Johnson , who were serviceable as rookies for the expansion Cleveland Browns in 1999 .
It would give us a common task — an important and sophisticated one from both political and technological points of view.
Mr. Obama, in his plan, will call for more than $300 billion in 10-year savings from Medicare and Medicaid but not for changes in Social Security.
It was really bad, and even though I was trying to explain why I was traveling with scalpels and other equipment, he wasn’t listening.
The willingness of the majority Senate Democrats to allow a vote on the amendment reflected a deal among leaders of both parties to limit the parliamentary warfare and ease the procedural stalemates that have bogged down the Senate in recent years.
Ed Chernoff, a lawyer for the doctor, Conrad Murray, suggested that Jackson was most responsible for his own death and had, against his doctor’s orders, ingested or injected himself with the prescription drugs that killed him.
Now, what if your child is promised money and the neighbor forgets?
Marvin was right in treating New York as a food center unlike any other and thinking the Fales could capture that like no other.
Japan’s latest effort to shore up the export end of its economy by forcing down the value of the yen came too late to help businesses like the Honda Motor Company and the Panasonic Corporation , which on Monday blamed the strong yen for hurting their profits.
The drop in home construction and sales is in some ways good news for would-be sellers, because it means new supply is not coming to a market that already has excess inventory.
He still sounds not completely happy with the situation.
It’s information -– and as alarming as that information may be, risk perception is not just about the facts but how those facts feel, and an abstract risk usually doesn’t trigger as much concern as something we’ve actually been threatened by, or suffered from, in the past.
MR. OBAMA: I’m going to get to it.
“Somebody else pinched it off of us before we could get it registered,” Mr. Winehouse said, according to the BBC .
“My family, we built a lot of the houses we lived in,” Mr. Wells said, explaining that the four of them — Mr. Wells’s sister was also part of their crew — picked up construction skills as they went along.
He joined the East India Company in 1839 and shipped off soon after to serve with the 12th Madras native infantry.
Janeane Garofalo, well-known for her comedic roles in television and film, will have a chance to show her dramatic chops on the stage for the first time in January, when she is set to appear in the New Group’s production of “Russian Transport,” the company announced.
We’ve talked about the Americanization of the film “I Don’t Know How She Does It,” recently.
“Although the number is small, its impact to the other private providers is pretty bad,” he said in an e-mail.
It did that on Wednesday after a Saudi-Syrian attempt at mediation failed.
There’s also anxiety about “the potential transport of carp eggs, gametes and juvenile fish in bilge, ballast, or other nonpotable water from south of the barriers to waters north of the barriers.” But the Coast Guard believes that the electric current poses risks to commercial vessels, recreational boaters and people near parts of the canal, so it is restricting navigation.
In the “dive shack” — a steel freight container filled with hoses and gauges — on a barge tethered to the ship, two supervisors listened to Mr. Figueroa’s transmissions.
“People are always going to want newness in fashion, just like they want new pop stars.” Yet he conceded a touch wistfully, “Maybe there’s something I’m missing.
PHOTO: Michael Chernus, left, and David Hyde Pierce in ''Close Up Space,'' in which Mr. Hyde Pierce plays a book editor under siege.
“We were spending every penny we had to keep it alive and keep it moving,” Mr. Cesareo said in an interview last week.
As business improves, and our cash position becomes more comfortable, I have been mulling whether to give raises.
Dr. Burke died of pancreatic cancer on Wednesday in Lexington, Mass., said his wife, Agnes.
“Our infused flavors can be used in making margaritas, but we suggest they be drunk neat,” said Mr. Montes.
In the CDR case, Mr. Rubin admitted that over eight years beginning in 1998, he provided information to financial institutions and insurance companies that helped win bids, intentionally solicited losing bids and paid kickbacks in what was supposed to be a competitive situation, the Justice Department said.
One example: “Like a kid in a candy store, he delights in delving into uncharted territory, making breakthroughs in a wide range of hot-button topics.” This kind of thing, if you are accustomed to real writing, hurts your insides.
In addition to Mr. Perry, several influential Christian conservatives were scheduled to either lead prayers or read from the Bible, including Dr. James C. Dobson, a psychologist who founded Focus on the Family; Tony Perkins, the president of the Family Research Council in Washington; and Dr. Richard Land, the conservative president of the Southern Baptist Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission.
But, as this case illustrates, it is not as simple as just creating a new app; musicians, dancers, singers and stagehands often feel strongly that they deserve a cut.
“It was just on the table.” Interviewed at the presidential palace here, Mr. Obiang, sub-Saharan Africa’s longest-serving ruler, rejected such assertions.
THE latest advice on child-rearing, baby products and prenatal yoga stretches is not being found in conversations over the picket fence but rather in Twitter messages, blog rolls and on Facebook walls.
She is survived by her cherished daughter and son-in-law Robin and Sam Wasser.
“The jersey’s different shades, the shorts are a different shade of light blue,” the junior forward John Henson said at the Atlantic Coast Conference media day last week.
On Wednesday, the stock tumbled 9 percent amid a broad market slump, closing at $10.30.
Or a discarded, unloved canvas of Münter’s that got a second life?
“And if the Muslim Brotherhood gains in elections in Egypt, as many expect, that improves Hamas’s position even more.” Israel and Hamas are sworn enemies, but Israeli officials are also angry at Mr. Abbas for his United Nations move.
Then Ryan, performing from “The Barber of Seville,” celebrated his character’s sleazy powers.
Another issue for New York and adjacent states is the water levels in New York City’s reservoirs , which are toward the high end.
Weighs 10.2 ounces -- the lightest Taurus compact ever.
Mayo’s suspension will start Friday when the Grizzlies visit Philadelphia.
DealBook Electronic Arts to Buy PopCap Games | A deal by Electronic Arts to bolster its presence in the mobile and casual game industry could be its biggest acquisition yet.
and A&M boards has a member who also serves on the policy foundation’s board.
This week, after the season-opening concert -- featuring Shostakovich's ''Festive Overture,'' Tchaikovsky's Variations on a Rococo Theme with the cellist Yo-Yo Ma as soloist, and Rimsky-Korsakov's ''Scheherazade'' -- Mr. Gergiev and his orchestra will begin traversing Tchaikovsky's six symphonies.
Drinking one cup of cranberry juice daily eliminated H. pylori in three times as many subjects as a daily cranberrylike placebo juice , though some of the subjects experienced no benefit.
“Thirty feet, 30 throws — look out,” he said Friday with a smile.
Devices for I’ve-fallen-and-I-can’t-get-up catastrophes, they say, represent the old business of old age.
He led detectives to $5,500 in bribe money he had hidden in an envelope taped to the back of a dresser drawer at his room in a Brooklyn Y.M.C.A.
“The Iraqi armed and security forces are able to handle the responsibility of maintaining security and work in a professional way,” Mr. Maliki told Mr. Boehner, according to a statement issued by the prime minister’s office.
“There’s a lot of, ‘Hey, look at this!’ ‘Let’s plan our trip to Vegas!’ ” he said.
The practice of physical untouchability, which prevented Dalits from walking on the same streets as upper-caste people, drinking from the same wells or even looking such people in the eye, has virtually disappeared, though it remains in practice in some remote areas.
The court of Versailles may have been the first to put a watchmaker’s virtuosity to the test, but the French monarchs were hardly the last.
The Global Revolution begins NOW!” On Twitter, the protesters used hashtags, like #OccupyLondon, #OccupyTokyo and #OccupySidney, to help organize the overwhelming stream of posts coming from around the world.
“Our combined resources will allow us to continue to provide competitively priced power.”
Before his most recent fight, the featherweight Kenny Florian, who normally weighs 168, needed to prune himself to 145.
— a hot roast beef hero with melted Swiss — or every trash hauler orders the Sanitation — chicken cutlet with melted Swiss.
Absent that task, they must be given something else to do or they go stir crazy.
That pretty much sums up this Marc Webb movie.
It was no different in the semifinal Sunday against New Zealand, when the cheers were almost as loud when Cooper was thumped in a tackle by Richard Kahui as when All Blacks inside center Ma’a Nonu scored the game’s only try.
Tyson Chandler, who helped the Dallas Mavericks win the championship in June, is close to joining the Knicks, according to two people involved in the talks.
Mr. Orosco, well known as a collector of Scarabs, only mentioned those cars, not Shelby or Cobras.
The audience, which had seemed somewhat skeptical to this point, now appeared to be warming to her.
Ms. Abou-Jamra and other women financial professionals in the Middle East are trying improve the mix.
The boy is Albert Narracott (a very good Seth Numrich), the son of a ne’er-do-well, liquor-loving Devon farmer (Boris McGiver) and a hard-working mum (Alyssa Bresnahan), who strives to keep peace between her menfolk.
The panel urged the Food and Drug Administration to devise a new approval system for so-called moderate-risk devices — a category that now includes artificial hips, external heart defibrillators and hospital pumps — concluding that the current one was not fixable.
She logs on to an encrypted program at Breakthrough.com and clicks through until she reads an alert: “Talk now!” Hundreds of miles away, so does her analyst.
Thernstrom was able to give voice and feeling to something that most people cannot imagine.
You may not always belly laugh during “Iron Curtain,” but you’ll probably smile throughout.
8 seed Marion Bartoli in straight sets.
Mozilla has more information on Firefox's session restore feature, including potential privacy issues, at bit.ly/7LHTuw.
.bbpBox112294054066257920 {background:url(//a2.twimg.com/profile_background_images/26692783/twitter_tourmalet.jpg) #070808;padding:20px;} p.bbpTweet{background:#fff;padding:10px 12px 10px 12px;margin:0;min-height:48px;color:#000;font-size:18px !important;line-height:22px;-moz-border-radius:5px;-webkit-border-radius:5px} p.bbpTweet span.metadata{display:block;width:100%;clear:both;margin-top:8px;padding-top:12px;height:40px;border-top:1px solid #fff;border-top:1px solid #e6e6e6} p.bbpTweet span.metadata span.author{line-height:19px} p.bbpTweet span.metadata span.author img{float:left;margin:0 7px 0 0px;width:38px;height:38px} p.bbpTweet a:hover{text-decoration:underline}p.bbpTweet span.timestamp{font-size:12px;display:block}
“The ones we endorse are the ones we have trained.” Red Voltage, who in mild-mannered daytime life is a 23-year-old residential leasing manager named Roman Daniels, casually waved a gloved hand to his female drive-by fan.
When the White House trumps agency expertise with raw political decisions and weakens rules, bad consequences ensue.
On Sept. 11, 2001, he was a senior executive in the firm’s fixed-income unit.
One of his two goals against Scotland on Sunday was a penalty shot, artfully won and casually converted.
“I do Nixon not by copying his real actions but by feeling his attitude, which is that he cannot believe that he really is president,” Mr. Frye told Esquire magazine in 1971.
This is an early skirmish in a lengthy, hard-fought battle.
Paton : I think we’re going to end up with three or four common templates depending on the size of the paper, some are tabs, some are broadsheet, and some are square tabs as we call them.
The remnants of Tropical Storm Lee, which made landfall in Louisiana and has been downgraded to a tropical depression, are churning toward the Northeast and are soon expected to mix with a low-pressure system approaching from Canada.
''But I don't really know what happens if he does.
Carefully, I asked him what he understood of his diagnosis.
Nor was coming up with a newfangled banh mi variation like so many I’ve been seeing around town lately (Baoguette’s sloppy Joe banh mi with spicy curry beef and green mango, for example).
Representative Edward J. Markey, Democrat of Massachusetts and a longtime critic of nuclear safety regulation, said in a statement on Tuesday that “all too often, a majority of the N.R.C.’s commissioners seem to be operating under the impression that N.R.C.
This would help defray operational costs at the museum, which has an annual budget of about $700,000.
We also liked the juicy cowboy-cut rib-eye.
It was Vanderbilt’s biggest margin of victory in a Southeastern Conference game since 1971, and the first time it had led a league opponent by 21 points since 2004.
I flew to Indianapolis for a scheduled visit with my son, John Walker Lindh, at the federal prison in Terre Haute, Ind.
Questionnaires handed out by Dr. Panagopoulos’s team of 15 interviewers throughout the park were completed by 301 adults from Oct. 14 to Oct. 18.
Documents produced by the tribe suggest the opposite.
Anonymous, San Francisco More important, Boss Lady, how may I apply for a position on your team?
“We’ve had a lot harder time living the same lifestyle that we lived,” she said, saying that her husband, a marketing consultant, had been taking on extra work.
For Shiva information contact Riverside at 212-362-6600.
— Eric Asimov Poetry Foundation : A meditation from Mark Halliday on the intimate relationship between divorced fathers and pizza.
Using low-sulfur fuel and particulate filters, the cranes and trucks working on the project do not belch visible exhaust.
“A lot of the larger biotechs can be pretty predictable because they’re making medicines that people have to take,” he said.
Mr. Bisignani has said that a lack of discipline could dent the industry’s recovery as airlines jostle for market share.
(PHOTOGRAPHS BY SARA KRULWICH/THE NEW YORK TIMES; LESLEY LESLIE-SPINKS; CRAIG SCHWARTZ; AARON EPSTEIN); Top, Mike Daisey in ''The Agony and The Ecstasy of Steve Jobs''; above, a scene from the Bristol Riverside Theater's production of ''The Little Prince'' ; below left, the cast of ''Bring It On: The Musical''; and right, Stacy Keach and Stockard Channing in ''Other Desert Cities.''
Employees there later told him that sabotage had cut off service to many residents, although one suggested it may have been tree- cutters gone awry.
Talbots said it had adopted the rights plan “to promote fair and equal treatment of the company’s stockholders in light of a recent rapid accumulation of a significant percentage of the company’s outstanding common stock.” The plan comes into effect if an investor acquires 10 percent or more of the company’s common shares.
BEN SHPIGEL REDS 7, DIAMONDBACKS 4 Mike Leake, in his first game since being arrested for shoplifting on Monday, pitched seven innings to give struggling Cincinnati a much-needed boost in a victory over visiting Arizona.
Whatever prophetic aspirations artists may have had 100 years ago, however, today they belong to the past.
The latest effort is the personal librarian.
He would either be told “wrong apartment,” or be met with silence, in which case he left with whatever was at hand, like jewelry, laptops and iPods.
You don’t find a better neighborhood than this, and as they say in real estate, it’s better to have the smallest, one-square house in the best neighborhood, right?
Madoff, though, told the men he could not do that, that their accounts were “in the market,” and instead offered to wire them, and their partners in Sterling Equities, Wilpon’s investment firm, a $54 million interest-free, cost-free loan, according to the lawsuit.
They had good contacts from their years at Mazagon Dock.
Either way, there were plenty of plotlines to follow.
Books about the movies hint at his foray into filmmaking; Mailer wrote and directed the 1987 movie “Tough Guys Don’t Dance.” Another framed poster recalls Mailer’s career on the talk shows and his fondness for verbal jousting; it heralds the 1962 “Debate of the Year” between Mailer and William F. Buckley Jr., whose topic was “What Is the Real Nature of the Right Wing in America.” “He was a true existentialist,” Mr. Mailer said.
New Yorkers who are 70 saw their life expectancy increase 1.5 years, to 86.9, compared with 0.7 years, to 85.1, for the same age group nationwide.
He was sent to a doggie spa beforehand so he would look his best, and like clockwork, before the doorbell rang and visitors entered, he would take his place on the ivory and beige chenille chaise next to the window, framed by the treetops and the stone church tower.
Both of his parents are from Mexico, and neither attended college.
Eve was the daughter of novelist and screenwriter Eric Hatch and Sylvia Whiton-Stuart Hatch and cherished granddaughter of Frederick H. Hatch and May Daly Hatch.
Mr. Elam and Coco Karol make a more convincing odd couple, standing face to face, each with a foot up on one of the other’s shoulders.
As our monotheistic quest for the foundation of meaning fell short, we slid down the slippery slope toward nihilism, toward the sense that nothing had any sense at all.
The section through Louse Canyon is the most rugged, complicated and largely unknown part of the proposal, so Brent assembled a small team of ONDA workers to survey it themselves.
To say that he more than held his own in this exalted company is to say a lot.
Dr. Ascherio is looking to examine in another large study whether other factors, like genetics, may play a role.