Mass., in Week 3 that led to the current quarterback shuffle.
Such buyers may eventually retire in Israel, but for now, he adds, “the apartments are just empty the rest of the time.” Nonetheless, along with their personal reinforced-concrete bomb shelters, Mr. Tzuberi’s clients demand amenities like parking and central air-conditioning and heating — still premium services in much of Israel.
“No Child Left Behind may be the most negative brand in America,” said Representative George Miller of California, the Democratic chairman of the House education committee.
In the deal that is expected to be announced today, Borse Dubai will complete the purchase of the OMX Group and then hand it over to Nasdaq in exchange for at least a 19 percent share in the New York exchange and Nasdaq’s stake of about 30 percent in the London Stock Exchange, which is valued at about $1.8 billion.
And the failure of the builders to heed the requirements that applied to newer plants “substantially reduces safety margins,” the group contends.
South Korea’s new leader will face the tricky task of mopping up the aftermath.
The origin and purpose of the work, which was discovered in late 2000, are still being debated.
A CBS News poll this month parallels what the Times reporter David D. Kirkpatrick found in his examination of evangelicals for today’s Times Magazine.
The orchestra also announced yearly relationships for the next three seasons with the composers John Corigliano, John Adams and Richard Danielpour.
But if there are writers who have misunderstood certain works of Picasso’s as mere illustrations of Surrealist ideas, Richardson perhaps exaggerates the stand-alone power of this great man’s imagination.
So although the influx of patients has grown, 500 emergency rooms have closed in the last decade.
Latino day laborers, organizing themselves at hiring corners around the country, are putting a floor on wages and thwarting abusive employers.
And the report called on the department to come up with a way to decide how to respond to violations of rules; by writing a letter, imposing a fine or expelling a lender from the loan program.
Otherwise, local musicians are scarce on the Farm Aid lineup.
Mr. Stanojevich said about 80 percent of buildings in Pisco and 25 percent in Ica had collapsed, and that farther inland in Huancavelica, Peru’s poorest city, about 40 percent of homes had been destroyed and that residents there had no access to clean water.
The final asking price in January was $16.95 million, and the property was finally sold at $15.8 million to Martin Sprinzen, the founder of a West Coast software company, Forte Software, that was sold to Sun Microsystems in 1999.
Daniel threw a touchdown pass but also had two interceptions.
Betting on the strength of the market, Kent Logan, a San Francisco collector, offered “Burning Gas Station,” a 1965-66 painting by Ed Ruscha.
Lieutenant Echols said Mr. Krajcir was believed to be the first person in Jackson County certified as sexually dangerous and incarcerated.
12 Southern California beat No.
That’s a good applause line, but at the same time Congress has rightly determined that it makes sense to participate in a global organization that establishes trade rules.
But in the second section of the show the men are mostly relegated to backup band as Sheila Barker, Lauren Last, Jerica Niehoff and Suzana Stankovic provide the squirm-inducing movement.
There are near-Photo-Realist images of streaming galaxies; luscious motifs derived from folding bare canvas onto painted canvas; chunky necklaces made of acrylic paint; and quirky line paintings stretched on tree branches.
All spoke on condition of anonymity because they feared retaliation from the insurgents.
Bangladeshis make up 11 percent of the population, while Filipinos are 10 percent.
Mr. Strong said that the high-altitude blimp would be ideal for border surveillance operations or drug interdiction.
“The only way to get here was by boat.
In March, the same real estate developer that built those Montvale laboratories, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, will break ground on New York City’s first substantial campus for the life sciences, called the East River Science Park.
Skip the sex emporiums, the seedy peep shows and brothelized side streets (O.K., maybe a quick tour for the purposes of anthropological research).
The Giants responded by inviting Josh Huston and Billy Cundiff to audition for Tynes’s job on Tuesday.
It is a usually well-behaved guest, but gives its hosts ulcers when it acts up.
The shift in focus for the Elmsford-based organization follows a sharp decline in the number of homeless singles and families in Westchester , Mr. Sanborn said, largely a result of a rent supplement program instituted by the county about three years ago for people on public assistance.
Take that with a grain of salt.
The reference to ''an influx of hippies'' was a point made by Dennis Meeker of Coal Creek Realty, not by Ms. Quinn.
Do you believe in God?
Determined to keep their tradition alive and to make a living, they turned to performing for foreigners.
A nearly 40-minute video of the band playing at the Hacienda club in Manchester in 1982 finds Linder onstage in raccoon eye makeup, her hair teased into a generous nest.
It is one of Rendez-Vous’s four duds.
(Above, a past ride, where bikers stopped at Tavern on the Green.)
At General Mills, for instance, Ms. Shea told me that 50 percent of the company’s donations go to what she called “strategic philanthropy.” She described a program that gives money to schools by having kids buy Cheerios and bring in a coupon attached to the box.
These shoes -- named after pro player Katia da Silva of Brazil -- felt narrow, but that translated into stability in a boot where the full-grain leather didn't stretch too much or lose its shape.
In the weeks since then, government authorities have ordered the woman’s lawyer, Abdulrahman al-Lahem, a well-known human rights activist, to stop talking to the news media, and issued similar orders to the woman and her husband.
The researchers delivered pulses of rose bouquet during this slow-wave state; the odor did not interrupt sleep, and the students said they had no memory of it.
He appeared in concert in 1983 with a rapper, two disc jockeys and a team of breakdancers.
The company has stores in Australia, Japan and the United States.
By changing the legal definition of what is considered “electronic surveillance,” the new law allows the government to eavesdrop on those conversations without warrants — latching on to those giant switches — as long as the target of the government’s surveillance is “reasonably believed” to be overseas.
“The amount of individual coverage can vary from company to company, but it is usually $1,000 to $10,000,” he said, adding that for an additional premium of anywhere from $25 to $50 a year, the coverage can be increased to $25,000 to $50,000.
and the National Congress of Black Women are among the groups campaigning for more corporate responsibility for the music and images in videos and on television.
and host of intriguing possibilities.
“Just having the extra time with Chip and seeing what he sees in the defenses.
A one-day strike in 1998, organized by the Taxi Workers Alliance, stranded some commuters and caused the city to hastily arrange for private buses to drive to and from airports.
For all his on-field success, including leading Louisville to a 41-9 record in four seasons and an Orange Bowl victory last season, Petrino was just as noted for his dalliances with Auburn, Louisiana State and the Oakland Raiders.
What became different the next morning?
If you judge them on their ability to deliver a string of bizarre and unpleasant effects, however, then they were a rousing success!
In addition to $18,000 in cash and assorted weapons, troops found five terabytes of data that included detailed questionnaires filled out by incoming fighters.
Or the Congress could make a bold statement and begin to restructure funding.
You can’t tell Lindsay Lohan she can never have a beer again or she’s failed.
I’ve paid my bills for over 40 years in this business and I will continue to.” Mr. Salander did not return calls to the gallery this week, and a telephone number he provided during the interview has been disconnected.
But the bill is part of an effort to create a culture in the Department of Buildings of aggressive enforcement, in which they are currently deficient.” Jennifer Givner, a spokeswoman for Mr. Spitzer, said the governor believed the building should be dismantled “as quickly as possible, and as safely as possible.” And a spokesman for the mayor said in an e-mail message that the agency’s actions at the Deutsche Bank building are currently under investigation.
From top to bottom, the strings made sounds different from any orchestra I can think of.
With his mustache, muscles and short shorts, Lieutenant Dangle looks like a Tom of Finland miniature, something to put on the shelf next to the Village People action figures.
Read Mr. Lobel’s meticulous descriptions, and draw in your own Richard Princes!
“He doesn’t normally call us out,” Curry said.
During his sabbatical, Williams studied holistic medicine and became a certified yoga instructor.
It said it has worked extensively with her to rescue her loan from default but that its efforts have failed.
used to be the 900-pound gorilla with the magic bag of money,” said James E. Schrager, clinical professor of entrepreneurship at the Graduate School of Business at the University of Chicago.
“It was a little bit of everything tonight,” Hughes said.
(A commercial, after all, has no telltale credit sequence.)
“These are the witness trees, the living connections to the people that have been under their branches,” Mr. Birnbaum said.
“We will review the document presented by the administration today, and will work toward a new set of codes that strikes the right balance between spurring economic growth and creating safer and greener buildings citywide,” Ms. Quinn said in a statement.
It’s like putting a beautiful orchid in some seriously fertilized soil.” That metaphor could apply to Mr. Blanchard.
He is haunted by a girl who startled out of her stupor long enough to try to pull her killer into the sky with her.
We are so tight that we are in the playoffs together!
This helped ABC lead the night’s ratings overall, but the network lost many of those viewers as the night wore on.
“ Is the religious right dead ?” Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council told me that question was the title of the first chapter of a new book he is writing with Harry Jackson, a socially conservative African-American pastor.
“We’re putting the pieces in one of our most prominent galleries, right at the top of the main stairs,” said Katherine Myers, the museum’s marketing director.
The campaign retained a company co-owned by Mr. Davis, 3eDC, to run its Web site, and Mr. Weaver went to Mr. Davis and tried to stop the arrangement, aides said.
Or maybe the Chinese are just looking ahead to the Olympics next year in Beijing.
I think for the time being, while I am studying and analyzing things, I am not going to say much.” He added: “The things I can do unilaterally I have done and will continue to do those.
Beckett silenced the Yankees with a shutout and made sure the Marlins would be fitted for rings.
“I loved watching movies and making up scenes in my head.” After failing the university entrance exam, he entered a three-year college to study drama.
“My youngest kids are 12,” he said.
The fact that the Z10fd can accommodate either card in a single slot is a clever technological solution that, we can only hope, is the beginning of a trend — and an admission that the whole XD experiment was a mistake.
The World Monuments Watch has also placed the Mother Road, as Route 66 is known, on its 2008 endangered list, right up there with sites like the Teuchitlán-Guachimontones archaeological zone in Mexico.
“It seems like we are going backward,” said Glória Maria Anniboleti, who was waiting Thursday at Rio’s international airport for a plane to Curitiba.
began requiring companies to provide more information about stock option awards and to report the total compensation of their five highest-paid managers.
In the next group, she was practically cheerful — was it because she and Clem had had a good month, as they both said, or because Marie’s considerable pride had been wounded by the Pilates debacle and she wanted the group to know that she was still a force to be reckoned with — that she wasn’t going to stay in the role of traumatized victim?
“There’s an active discussion on the Web, and we’re monitoring it,” Ms. Knowlton said.
As if it needed one, New England’s top-ranked defense will get a boost today with the return of safety Rodney Harrison from a drug suspension.
Patient safety depends on it.
Once inside there are more charges: to ride a bus or the aerial cableway (Austrian-built, installed last year, and breathtaking as it swings between and above the sandstone pillars); to take a three-car glass-walled elevator bolted up the side of one of the tallest pillars; to visit the caves (which are privately owned by one of Deng Xiaoping’s grandsons); to circle an artificial lake owned by a Hong Kong investment firm.
Stories online today include a profile of Will Wick, a San Francisco interior designer (and 1stdibs shopper), written by Marian McEvoy, the former Elle D?r editor, above, and an article on the mid-century German-born designer Tommi Parzinger, by Louise Devenish, an appraiser and decorative arts consultant.
Sometimes it seems that every time the striking television and movie writers put down their picket signs, they pick up their pencils.
“Some of the delegations can be a little persnickety,” said Betty McElderry, a committee member from Oklahoma.
People with persistent asthma need to take medicine every day to prevent attacks, even when they are feeling well, and the report notes that educating patients and their families is an essential part of controlling the disease.
“We know that real events have real effects.
In Oregon, students went to the Legislature last spring to demand relief.
Alice Kaplan and Dr. Jason Aronson are to be married today at the New York Botanical Garden in the Bronx.
Mr. White calculated that the building’s shortfall amounts to $5 million a month.
It plays host to exhibitions of cutting-edge international contemporary art, and the museum shop stocks some of the best of Portuguese design, like the boldly architectonic silverware of Ana Fernandes.
Joffrey Lupul scored a hat trick and had 6 points, and R. J. Umberger matched him with three goals to snap Philadelphia’s five-game winless skid at home and lift the Flyers to an 8-2 win over the Pittsburgh Penguins Tuesday night.
In areas where weekenders are prevalent, like the Connecticut shore and Litchfield County, local families are often priced out of the market.
Declarer won in her hand, trumped a club on the board, ruffed a heart in her hand and ran her diamonds.
The director of the East Orange police, Jose M. Cordero, is a Bronx-born former New York City police inspector who ran the eight precincts in the Queens South division and believed that the Compstat model could be successfully applied to the streets of East Orange.
Four years ago, we were up in arms from the get-go.
In a high school story that feels hastily composed from fragments of much better movies, four ethnically diverse Bratz discover themselves and destroy clique culture.
Runners affected Sunday were in the orange starting group, one of three starting areas.
The Giants are proof that team parties do not necessarily build close teams.
Tim Pawlenty, a Republican , was unnecessarily rushing reconstruction to impress Republican Party leaders, who will hold their presidential convention in the Twin Cities in September 2008.
Besides his daughter, who lives in California, Harvey is survived by his son, Adam; daughter-in-law Lisa, and grandchildren Joshua, Danielle and Lillian, all residing in Ohio.
As Hollywood’s leading filmmaking talent, Mr. Spielberg has first pick of the best material on offer and draws other talent in his wake.
As part of a college course, I interviewed a few public officials, including a district attorney.
One problem, they say, may be that too many visitors expect the suburban convenience of not having to walk more than a few dozen feet for parking.
One-third of oil production now goes to meet the subsidy, he said.
I was dating a West Sider who was allergic to my cat.
He graduated from Yale and has a master’s degree and a doctorate, both in psychology, from New York University.
Mr. Romney, the former governor of Massachusetts who won office with significant Democratic support, has in the past supported abortion rights.
Controlling this valuable bit of real estate, he said, gives companies “the ability for them to have their own branded relationship” with people “while they are their point of consumption.”  Until recently, the two most widespread options people had for using wireless broadband at public hot spots have been either paying a subscription fee to their cellphone carrier or paying a daily or hourly rate to the retailer that is host of the site.
The Higgs idea is crucial to a theory that electromagnetism and the weak force are separate manifestations of a single so-called electroweak force.
What makes the company different from most private companies is that the owner, the Poynter Institute, does not take money out of the company beyond the dividend.
Tom Brady threw for 297 yards and 3 touchdowns in a season-opening 38-14 victory, and the Cowboys rushed for 174 yards on Thursday in a 34-3 victory.
Myself, I can’t imagine any other way of going about it.
“It feels so cold,” Charboneau said.
To avoid injuries that lead to flare-ups, experts recommend using razors with care, wearing rubber gloves to wash dishes, applying insect repellent (bites can become infected) and even not having the cuticles cut during a manicure.
“Children between the ages of 8 and 12 years who had been vaccinated five years or more previously were two times as likely to have moderate-to-severe breakthrough disease as were those who had been vaccinated less than five years previously,” the researchers wrote.
The inspector general problem is one more barn door to be closed on an irresponsible administration.
A former aide to Vice President Richard M. Nixon , Mr. Herter joined Mobil in 1961.
The roads between villages are not crowded with rental cars, and the windy, gorgeously rugged cape of Akrotiri is free of Australian college students mooning each other.
He attributes his interest in storm chasing to a Christmas gift, “a young man’s ultimate natural disaster kit,” given to him by his mother when he was 9.
Married for almost 61 years to his adored Shirley, loved and loving father of Susan (Jim Dubin), Jonathan (Carla) and Hillary (Ken Hoffman), proud grandfather of Alexander, Elizabeth, David, Jason, Julian, Andrew, Kevin and Gregory.
“There are times that it’s a good, and there are times when I wish I hadn’t said some of the things that I’ve said.
But she cast doubt on its value, saying the answers were not sufficiently detailed to determine, for example, whether two pilots describing similar problems were in fact talking about the same event.
Karlos Dansby intercepted two passes and forced a fumble in the Cardinals' 31-21 victory against the Lions.
The scientists say they hope a test for the variant can be developed to enable doctors to assess patients at risk more accurately and to recommend early interventions like cholesterol -lowering statins and methods to reduce blood pressure .
The bare-bones Gateway Motel (735 Main Street, Madawaska; 207-728-3318), has 45 tidy rooms starting at $69.
The other legislative incumbents were re-elected, and in the 10th District, Judy Bosworth, a Democrat, won the seat that was vacated by Lisanne G. Altmann.
The school was another of Kirstein’s achievements.
Twain returns to Broadway after, ahem, almost a century of death with a “new” play called, oddly enough, “Is He Dead?” A mixture of farce and satire, the comedy centers on a group of artists who plot to drive up the price of a friend’s paintings by faking his demise.
And the unfettered spending of reserves could increase inflation, at 17 percent already the highest in Latin America.
Caption information is provided below.
Both amounts will increase soon to reflect Alexandra’s arrival.
The new estimate brought American assessments more in line with the judgments of international arms inspectors.
Was Robin Hood a John Edwards populist?
I'm always wandering around at the wrong hours of the night or day.
The vagueness of these descriptions is intentional.
Despite the absence of ''American Idol'' from its schedule, Fox remained dominant in the ratings Tuesday, as the season finale of ''House'' (starring Hugh Laurie, left) towered above the competition on the night.
This year the YES network has averaged a 4.6 household rating for Yankees games.
“Most investors are like, ‘Yikes, why would I go into a hedge fund when I already scared of the plain-vanilla market.’ ” Still, some experts say, Mr. Vavilov has one competitive advantage over most hedge fund upstarts: $200 million of his own money is invested in the fund.
It would replace existing subsidies with genuine crop insurance that would cover all farms, whether they produce rice or rutabaga.
Politicians in lowland provinces chafe at such ideas, claiming Mr. Morales is a puppet of his closest ally, President Hugo Chávez of Venezuela.
“No way I am going to be the guy who goes in” and impinges on a Green Thumb site, he said.
The Channel 4 program, “Diana: The Witnesses in the Tunnel,” watched by 3.8 million people on June 6, drew 2,000 objections before it was broadcast, including protests from Princes William and Harry and the Conservative Party.
He ended up, after an after-party, many scotch and sodas, a joint and a night of pure jazz, with a hard slap from his father, who had never hit him before.
“This is illegal!” one poster declares.
Is Rhino concerned that RiffTrax might cut into its DVD sales?
Thursday at 12:15 p.m. Free.
Through Sept. 16, “Caribbean Gardens: Journey to Paradise,” a conservatory display.
VALHALLA Fine Arts Gallery “Everybody’s Fine,” a bittersweet Italian tale of family love and secrets.
The fund loaded up on global mining companies like Rio Tinto of Britain and BHP Billiton of Australia, reflecting a broader definition of real estate by the fund manager, Ken Heebner.
It’s not really a joke.
“He will support us now, and as we go forward,” Mr. Bruno said, describing the conversation.
On two recent tours of Wilderstein, guides had much to say about the landscaping by Calvert Vaux and the lavish interiors designed by Joseph Burr Tiffany, a cousin of Louis Comfort Tiffany, but little about Roosevelt beyond the unexciting fact that Daisy gave him his Scottish terrier, Fala.
It was an ad for Princess Cruises, to show that cruises have none of these torments.
On another play, he knocked over UConn cornerback Robert McClain, then pointed at him on the ground.
The company plans to open a flagship Russian shop on Old Arbat Street, a prime address in downtown Moscow, later this year.
The number of companies owned by women has increased by 43 percent in the last decade, to about 7.7 million — about 30 percent of all private firms, according to the Center for Women’s Business Research.
All of which makes the Edge 705 a superior bicycle computer, though costly at about $550.
It suggests that if Mr. Riina became the most formidable and feared mobster in Italian history, it was thanks to the collusion of political and economic forces at various levels of Italian society.
Fighting is very much a button-mashing affair, and while there are a few interesting special attacks, combat is repetitive.
''It's always good to have some place to go in an emergency where you can just write a check without asking someone,'' said Dick Bellmer, chairman of the National Association of Personal Financial Advisors.
Although this book is highly discursive and at times unfocused, it is animated by Mr. Ellis’s consummate familiarity with his subject matter and his ability — on dazzling display in his books on John Adams (“Passionate Sage”), Thomas Jefferson (“American Sphinx”) and George Washington (“His Excellency”) — to show how character informs decision making and how friendships and rivalries among the founders shaped the birth of the infant nation.
But it had certain attributes and symbols which for younger people are not associated with the regime, but with our own personal memories.” Russians more steeped in Soviet history say they are appalled at the merchandising of the symbols of totalitarianism.
To some extent, this is the nature of pioneering.
The Sixers are 5-12 and in last place in the Atlantic Division.
“Now, they’re using them two or three months out of every year.” Paul and Ellen Harrison, empty-nesters who own a general contracting business in Easton, Pa., bought a two-bedroom cabin on eight isolated acres west of town in 2001 for $105,000.
And ownership by foreign governments is politically problematic in ways that private ownership is not.
Notre Dame managed only 165 total yards, including 48 rushing yards on 30 attempts.
Circuit City fell 59 cents, to $6.82.
If I only knew where I put the film.” Terry seemed surprised that anyone would care about it.
“This is the single most important initiative to help win the war on online piracy that we have seen so far,” said John Kennedy, head of the industry’s trade body IFPI.
After the college students roll around in food, they will stroll to a shower station, where they will be filmed lathering up under nightclub-style neon lighting.
These results would be desirable, but it would be regrettable that the administration would spin that Mr. Maliki is the cause of the failure.
Her father is the vice president of DVI Communications, a telecommunication consulting firm in Manhattan.
And the most adventurous are branching out from standard resins.
She is moving, not to a swanky Fifth Avenue duplex or an exclusive Park Avenue co-op listed by her firm, but (gasp!)
A university spokeswoman, Julie A. Peterson, said, “I don’t know if it would have been a better decision to issue the alert in the middle of the night immediately following the shooting, but it’s a fair question to ask.” Officials at Virginia Tech, where a gunman killed 32 people in April, faced criticism for failing to notify students sooner that a killer was on the loose.
“We’re not going to leave,” Mr. Strommen said in a telephone interview from his Washington office.
“This documentary is something historic,” Mr. Lopez said.
He has stood by Thomas through losing seasons and a sexual-harassment trial.
“The high-definition DVD format war must end by 2008 if retailers are going to sell movie discs and players,” Mr. McQuivey said.
The fundamental weakness of the Obama plan was apparent from the beginning.
Also on Sunday, the leader of Iraq’s largest Sunni Arab political bloc said he and his fellow lawmakers would return to Parliament after his release from a three-day house confinement.
He was a board member for the Cardinal Hayes Golf Outing.
The number of people who were neither working nor looking for work, and therefore were not classified as employed or unemployed, rose by almost 600,000 in August.
Sometimes it’s the mentality of the people around you that you really have to get away from.
“It’s for the benefit of this team.
To pit olives, cover a cutting board with a kitchen towel.
“If you don’t have that, you’re never going to steal anything.
He pleaded guilty in August to a felony conspiracy charge for orchestrating a plan to list bogus expenses that could be written off as business costs and save Haas Automation millions in taxes.
On a catwalk positioned just over the heads of the dancing crowd, a strange glittering being in a purple robe did tai chi movements with a glowing sword.
Mr. Prince’s big payout can be found buried deep in paragraph 4(d) of his 10-page separation agreement with the company filed late Thursday night.
Zoé’s Ark, founded in the aftermath of the 2004 tsunami in Asia, describes itself as a “refuge for children.” It raised money for Indonesian children orphaned in the tsunami, set up temporary encampments on site and took one boy who needed medical attention to France for an operation, the Parisien newspaper reported Tuesday.
It’s a movie-style twist, befitting Mozza’s location on the edge of Hollywood.
Prvic Luka, Croatia was among the areas benefiting yesterday from a storm system that took a notch off the heat wave rolling through southeastern Europe.
Period,” said Albert Sax, the managing director of Labcon, a small company that supplies laboratory equipment to Iran.
The first comes Thursday night, when the Bulls face Rutgers (4-2, 1-1), a former top-25 team, in Piscataway, N.J.
PRICES Residences start at $5.2 million.
There is grace in the almost equal proportion of front and rear deck, and the Targa roof with its basket-handle roll bar.
But Twyla Tharp’s “Octet” is a nod to the formal values and to the look of George Balanchine’s stark “leotard ballets,” with the easy fluidity of Ms. Tharp’s own slippery, peppery style evident here only in the dancing of Pedro Gamino and Dominic Guerra.
The two-day meeting will focus on such issues as security of supplies and environmental policy.
Yet in his memoirs, Saramago recounts an episode that suggests the startling violence with which his father could address ''conflict.''
As for the chips, Mr. Quain's French fries are among the finest I've eaten.
The 30 or so remaining SIVs have about $250 billion in assets they need to unload in the coming months.
Reconstructing the lush sounds of the songs from the movie with just a four-piece band was challenging even for this veteran arranger and conductor, requiring many hours of headphone-wearing immersion in the soundtrack.
I just pray all day and wonder why people could be so evil.” She said of Mr. Ash: “All those rumors are disgusting.
As the spending bills that finance federal agencies stalled, partly because of a long Senate immigration debate that ended without producing major legislation, Republicans joined Mr. Bush in insisting that Democrats not exceed the White House’s spending limit.
Since reporting of bad drug effects is mostly voluntary, these numbers likely represent a fraction of the toll.
Giving composers the luxury of being important and disliked debilitates music.
Over all, G.M.’s revenue was a record $43.1 billion.
For the most part, though, Wall Street seems to be taking it all in stride.
From left, LARRY LEEDS, JOHN and LAURA POMERANTZ and PETER MAY.
More conventional prints by Ms. López, featuring similar imagery, are also on display.
When they impulsively fled Oak Park for Europe in 1909, Frank and Mamah (this book is on a decidedly first-name basis) left behind two baffled spouses, nine aggrieved children (including a daughter of Mamah’s dead sister) and a salivating American press corps eager to see the Faustian side of the lovers’ rash move.
To find the lowest price on the device itself, it’s faster to sort prices from highest to lowest.
I reckoned that the unique thrills of learning to drive an open-wheel Formula Dodge outweighed the risks.
But the group’s real specialty is improvisation, and a helping of that is promised too.
AT the far end of the room, a spiral staircase wound into the tower.
Rising prices of raw materials are helping the region achieve its best economic performance since independence.
“Hormel has not been able to pass along the higher costs,” a Stephens Inc. analyst, Farha Aslam, said in an interview before earnings were released.
Do try to eat one thing that comes out of the ground a day.
Mr. Obama probably inherited a minute fraction — one divided by two to the 11th power — of Mareen Duvall’s genome, which would amount to less than one gene, assuming the Y chromosome was not inherited.
And neither had I until I started planning my Portland tea tour.
In 1978, when preparing to run for president, Mr. Reagan opposed a California ballot initiative that would have barred homosexuals from teaching in the state’s public schools.
Wanting to return there, Mr. Seidensticker earned a master’s degree in international affairs from Columbia in 1947.
You have four hours to hang out from the time the lawn opens until the movie starts.
The Giants, seemingly getting everyone involved but the equipment manager, had a 14-10 lead that they clung to tightly, allowing fans enjoying the game to rest easily long before it was complete.
LIKE slowly poured chardonnay, grapevine-heavy hills seem to tumble into Seneca Lake, the largest of New York’s Finger Lakes .
But unlike “The Office,” they (and most other prime-time scripted shows) have several weeks or months of episodes already filmed and waiting to be shown.
“We’d never have two ballet companies in one night, so we have to balance it that way,” Ms. Dennis said.
The Book of Lights ($95), designed by Takeshi Ishiguro, is a coffee table book that becomes a lamp with a shade when it is opened; for locations: (323) 655-6551 or www.artecnicainc.com.
They consulted their parents and rabbis, who counseled many of them to call in sick or otherwise refuse orders to evacuate the settlers.
Name Charmaine Hance born 1978 occupation Housewife location Ashford, England avatar.
Nor is there likely to be bloodletting among workers.
Didn’t think this was possible in 1995.
Nonetheless, the reassignments have sent a wave of bitterness through the fire ranks.
Mr. Bremer’s order states that Iraqi law is paramount, meaning that the government may change a law whenever it chooses.
He is the son of Barbara Zernike and Frits Zernike of Essex, Conn. His mother retired as the founder and owner of the St. Clair Ice Cream Company in South Norwalk, Conn. His father is retired as a director of optical design at both PerkinElmer, the instrument maker in Wilton, Conn., and Silicon Valley Group, a computer chip company in Wilton.
The Supreme Court of California ruled in July 2006 that Mr. Mauro committed extortion; he settled by making ''a substantial payment'' to Mr. Flatley, according to the dancer's lawyer, Richard P. Cestero.
Light can reflect differently on animals’ retinas than it does on human retinas, creating an eerie glow.
“It’s like living in L.A. sometimes,” Ms. Vermillion Carroll said.
A woman of action, she traveled to more than 75 countries, loved for her grace and humor, The Queen of Trivia will be sorely missed.
Nevertheless “No Longer Silent” looked better than many new stagings for major dance companies.
For beef ribs, there’s Ranger Texas Barbecue in Jackson Heights.
They had no other drugs to give.
He wasn’t, in some cases.” Greg Aiello, an N.F.L.
The event will benefit the Brooklyn New School, P.S.
Tribe, or as further proof of landscape’s importance in the development of American art, in which case “Nature and the American Vision” at the New-York Historical Society makes a nice companion.
“City of Dreams” includes a few vintage R&B singles.
In the two years since prosecutors in Los Angeles threatened to file felony conspiracy charges against photographers engaging in dangerous tactics, and started monitoring them more closely, complaints of egregious illegal conduct, like assault, trespassing and reckless driving, by paparazzi have decreased, said William Hodgman, the head deputy of Los Angeles County district attorney’s target crime division.
The traditional goal of the workers’ compensation system is to replace two-thirds of a worker’s pre-injury earnings.
I very much wish he had never left this world.
WHO Kent Blackford, 44, a property manager from San Francisco WHAT 2-bedroom house with one-bedroom guesthouse WHERE Monte Rio, Calif.
''The ability to increase M.O.I.
When a cable movie channel asked politicians to talk about their favorite movies in 2004, it was her idea to say “Dr.
But an embattled Republican nominee could show some counterintuitive grit by welcoming the venue as the ideal place to demonstrate forthrightness and concern in emphasizing a new post-Bush agenda.
The tour generated roughly $195 million from 60 shows and drew more than 1.2 million fans.
But the Wildcats were not done.
Martin F. Horn Commissioner of Correction and Probation New York, Jan. 26, 2007
Phil Rizzuto died Monday night.
1 legislative objective, a bill that would make it easier to unionize workers.
But he said there was no one from the company available to answer additional questions.
Already, cheerful volunteers at the lip of the medieval city center are handing out crisp green packets to passers-by, hawking the perks of Strasbourg-by-fast-train.
The world is motion and complexity, after all.
Moody’s kept its ratings in place on G.M.’s debt, but said it would watch how G.M.’s new vehicles perform in a weaker car market, and whether it is able to take advantage of savings under a new union contract.
The Dartmouth researchers adjust the numbers to take into account age, race and sex, which is another way of saying that there is no good explanation for the huge variations they find.
“You loved to go to work.
But it was during an earlier show of loaned items at Epcot, in 1982, that Mr. Schloss suffered a heart attack.
“These will have to be addressed with more vigor.” Abdul Awal Mintoo, the chairman and chief executive of Multimode Group, was among the most prominent millionaires taken into custody in May on a vague charge of destabilizing the government, then released six months later.
It has abundant supplies of coal and already burns more of it than the United States, Europe and Japan combined.
“I have not heard one parent tell me they wanted a transfer to a better school,” said Roberta Singletary, a senior school clerk who has been at Newton since 1980.
“When the two big guys touch it inside and we play inside out, we’re pretty successful.
If Anderson has still not testified, the government will be put in an unusual position.
He warned that God had given the nation only “a short reprieve” from its impending “self-destruction.” If the administration slighted its conservative Christian supporters, most importantly in filling Supreme Court vacancies, Dobson continued, Republicans would “pay a price in four years.” On that front, at least, Bush has not disappointed.
Mr. Giuliani has often been faulted for the turmoil and lack of progress in the New York school system during his years as mayor.
ON FILM Two New York Times film critics suggest a baker’s dozen of films to bring that New York state of mind to your living room.
Mr. Zafar, who is also an adviser to General Musharraf, has been calling for the president to resign his military post since 2004.
Mr. Taylor-Dormand credited the corporation with hiring aggressively for its Africa operations over the past two to three years.
There’s a model for it here too, along with an old BKF chair, from 1938, designed by the Grupo Austral.
The sweets to order are the chocolate truffle cake, a small wedge of fudgelike goodness, and an exceptionally creamy tiramisù.
The widespread use of communal apartments facilitated government oppression.
Mr. Obama issued a statement on Thursday evening indicating that he would support the effort by Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Byrd.
The critical sequence came with a minute remaining.
The first Frith work, “Fell,” moved inexorably downward, the solo whine of an electric guitarist (Nick Didkovsky) piercing the raw waves of strings.
From the mid-1800s until a generation after World War II, ore from the Copper Basin’s mines brought both devastation and prosperity.
The inner church itself has cowboy dimensions, slim in width but very tall.
The fight prompted the county to put together stronger development rules.
A Memorial service will be held on Monday October 8, at the Sparkman Hillcrest Funeral Home (Dallas) at 10am.
CAPUTO--Emily Stull, of Riverdale, NYC, and formerly of Bridgehampton, NY, died on March 22, 2007, at age 89.
I’m much more interested that they understand and believe me.” His fierce refusal to play the likability game is a huge asset artistically.
His comeback formula, he said, relied on getting the right team and strategy in place, and then push it — the same steps mentioned by management experts.
They say its average 2007 prime-time audience of 778,000 viewers is its highest ever and it has had success attracting the younger audiences that advertisers find especially attractive.
The researchers study a virus called phi-6, which normally infects a species of bacteria called Pseudomonas phaseolica, a microbe that lives on plants.
He was President of the firm Wolf and Macklowe and other business associates include Julian Studley, and Henry Kessler.
Mr. Brown, the former head of the Ontario Securities Commission, was asked by the government to examine how the force had handled allegations that money was misspent by administrators of the pension and insurance fund.
But so far the parties have stopped short of forming a united front that would boycott the voting.
The S.& P. 500 was up 0.7 percent, at 1,465.81, and the Nasdaq index rose 0.3 percent, to 2,553.87.
So we can’t get a false sense of hope.” Such feelings were relayed to Coughlin.
One piece, a metal charm hanging from a necklace, contained 520,000 parts per million of lead.
In addition, we have a strong enterprise business.
John J. Sweeney, the labor federation’s president, told union leaders.
Tim Wakefield allowed three hits in seven shutout innings yesterday as the Boston Red Sox pounded the White Sox ’ pitching for a third consecutive game in Chicago in a 14-2 win.
Arlene was born on March 25, 1930 in Brooklyn, NY to Robert and Lillian Hochman.
Among star players, Anderson keeps an unusually low profile.
While there, he was captivated by reports from Bosnia, and went off to join the Kosovo Liberation Army .
More important, the Chasing the Dream Foundation has awarded more than $1.5 million in scholarships to nearly 1,000 children all over the country.
“They’re encouraging artists to be innovative, but they’re not challenging themselves to be innovative in their own practices.” For a venerable institution like the Brooklyn Academy these tensions are particularly acute.
But one shining light has been Patrick Willis, the rookie linebacker from Mississippi.
It’s open from mid-May until mid-October.
In fact every chapter has detailed notes on how to protect yourself from the cheat.” Good thinking.
However he feels, I’m with it.
In July, after his firing, Mr. Imus accepted Mr. Gottsch’s proposal to dispatch a film crew to the ranch to make a documentary.
We’re Going Camping.” (June 29), but if you want to go somewhere that’s really hidden, go to Forked (pronounced FORK-ed) Lake Public Campground, near Long Lake.
Get those moves into your muscles, then settle back and watch the pros.
“If you don’t move with it, you not going to be around.
David Griffith opens his meditation on the Abu Ghraib photographs with an epigraph from Flannery O’Connor’s story “The Displaced Person”: Mrs. Shortley, awaiting the arrival of the Polish refugee family coming to work on the farm where she’s employed, recalls newsreel footage of death camp victims: “Before you could realize that it was real and take it into your head, the picture changed and a hollow-sounding voice was saying, ‘Time marches on!’ ” Mrs. Shortley’s view of the displaced Guizac family is, in fact, prejudiced by the fleeting images she’s seen on the screen: she fears they will have imported such “murderous ways” from Europe, “like rats with typhoid fleas.” In a sense, the authors of our understanding of degradation, torture and mass murder aren’t those zealous instructors of the previous century, the Hitlers and Pol Pots, but the technicians — the photographers and cameramen who documented these genocidal achievements.
Workers remain tied to specific employers and cannot, without permission, change jobs.
The Star-Ledger reported Nov. 2 that Gov.
The church had once housed the James Fenimore Cooper Junior High School, and the building is still adorned with a large relief sculpture of Cooper and has the Board of Education seal and the city and state seals carved into the green marble entrance.
Afterward, he accused Mr. Bush of lying and told him, “You sold out on this.” Things grew tenser after Mr. Reid became minority leader in 2005, but the hardening of party lines and Mr. Reid’s fury were not fully visible until he became majority leader this year.
The banks’ prices and reality often seem a world apart.
Breytenbach’s short lines leave a lot of white space on the page, so that the poems come across as scripts for a speaker all but overwhelmed by the treachery of the powerful, yet still holding on, if barely.
We’ll certainly try to put ourselves in the best position.
Glen Oaks School, on 261st Street, teaches prekindergarten through Grade 5.
In an effort to raise the dramatic stakes, a host of unlikely circumstances are introduced to complicate the plot.
The organization was founded in 1935 as the Federation of Crippled and Disabled.
But the United States still has Stoudemire, Chandler and Dwight Howard up front, which should be sufficient.
GUS’S PLACE (212) 777-1660; 192 Bleecker Street (Macdougal Street); $$; Article 12/6/06.
They said 15 minutes can tick by before the white eyes of a train appear in the darkness beyond the platform.
The other is “The Next Move,” in which two 19th-century rakes or artists ponder, and two women, one nude, lounge on a bed in the background.
And they are trying to set themselves apart with new customer services.
On Wednesday, the radio station KCKC in Kansas City, Mo., became the first station of the year to start playing Christmas music exclusively.
Pesca Boutique on East 60th Street, which is run by Shahlla Azizian, an Iranian, has a broad selection from designers like Salinas, Vix and Blue Brazil.
have proved the conventional wisdom wrong.” According to a memorandum of understanding between the Education Department and the union, the plan would be evaluated by an “independent entity” that would make recommendations for the future.
Died at home on October 6, 2007 at 100.
Kissinger, a German-born Jew, rose to prominence as a pathbreaking scholar of international politics at Harvard and reveled in his acceptance among the political and intellectual elite.
Mr. Scarborough says it’s impossible to know whether a recession is on the way.
Meanwhile, his name surfaced in the Sinha case after a former teacher at the school read about the allegations against Ms. Sinha and called the district attorney to report her suspicion that Ms. Sinha had been involved with the second boy.
Finally, the hemlock began to wobble.
“But it wouldn’t increase the quantity the Swiss consume.” Then, too, in coming months the Swiss may have to pay more for their chocolate, Ms. Tschofen said.
She lies to the doctor who treats her for cyanide poisoning.
Still, he seemed fit at 148 pounds, and the chilly, windy morning was his kind of weather.
It took several appeals to sort that one out.
Fifteen minutes is not two hours, though, and I feel sure that, if Senator Obama had been subjected to so sustained an attack, plenty of other people would be talking about racism, even if he wasn’t.
Advertisers would have consumers believe that simply washing their armpits isn’t enough to stave off embarrassment and attract mates.
Contributions hit a record $47 million last year, triple what they were when he arrived in 2001.
But it’s not as easy as it used to be.
He said he had told the White House counsel, Fred F. Fielding, that “cooperation with the White House would be central” to scheduling hearings.
The Bush administration quickly recognized the new government.
He expected the recession to be short and sweet, with a revival in the economy by summer at the latest.
Earlier Thursday, Mr. Howard told Parliament that India would have to agree to international inspections of its nuclear power plants and to complete the details of its nuclear partnership pact with the United States.
Karen Roberts, 37, a cable news reporter, is enthusiastic about her new home, a two-bedroom town house that she and her husband bought last year after moving from Manhattan.
Torshavn; 011-298-35-00-00; www.hoteltorshavn.fo ; doubles from $193.
“I think the vast majority of Democratic primary voters, and Americans, would agree with Senator Clinton,” said a campaign spokesman, Howard Wolfson.
It doesn’t surprise me that they have been targeted.” While the National Health Service has put steps in place to vet foreign doctors thoroughly, there are other potential weak links in the system, notably in the checking of prior criminal records.
In a telephone interview yesterday, Safir said the U.S.T.A.
The reasonable rent for his apartment made the jewelry studio possible.
THE BAR The bar is central to the action, with mojitos in the starring role.
And ExpressJet, operating there under Continental’s name, has more than one-third of the chronically late flights on the Transportation Department’s list.
(Was that done for my benefit or their own?)
Widow of Melvin A. Neff, died March 26, 2007.
“Political pluralism is fine, but I can’t tolerate security pluralism.
Mr. Golisano, who donated $10 million, said he expected the institute to “produce the first generation of professionals with the vision and know-how to deliver on the promise of sustainability.” Indeed, Mr. Nasr said the institute already offers courses on sustainability to all freshman and is asking students to submit ideas for projects.
The Bebe Incense Burner ($59), above, is part of the latest collection by DFC Casa, a Mexican company known for marrying modern design with traditional craftsmanship.
Behavioral targeting is not the only kind used online.
They were going to pass it by, until they were told that the landlord would pick up the broker’s fee.
The buses will leave from Gillette Stadium on Saturday morning.
After more than 50,000 Facebook users signed a petition about Beacon that was initiated by the political group MoveOn.org Civic Action, Facebook changed its policy last Thursday so that users who ignored the warnings were considered to have said no.
The exhibition was inspired by a show on the same subject in Japan in 2005 and a subsequent book.
Every child has to be chosen, every child has to come to bat, and every child has to be treated as if he or she is a perpetual winner.
By contrast, the Eagles — the Giants’ opponent on Sunday night at Giants Stadium — have 14 sacks, including nine last week in a 56-21 victory against the Detroit Lions.
Granting that it is unfair to expect the show’s four artists to be broadly representative, a visitor here may ponder whether modern revolutionaries, in divesting themselves of traditional technique, purchased expressive freedom at the cost of soulful complexity.
The current consumer boom has sparked renewed interest in Russia from companies like Wal-Mart and Starbucks.
Similarly, the problems involved material shown to television critics — an important promotional step in a market where tabloid newspapers often put articles about potentially juicy television fare on Page 1.
Panamanian authorities said they believed the tainted toothpaste found in their country, containing up to 4.6 percent diethylene glycol, came from China.
“I had no desire to live after Ruthie died,” he said.
The pillowcase now comes from Ben Gotz’s collection.
In 2006, Bowyer jumped into the Nextel Cup series full time and had 11 top-10 finishes in 36 races.
It is sometimes mistaken, at least initially, for a psychiatric disorder.
But Mr. Herndon had no direct evidence, and there has been no corroboration of his suspicions.
The Chargers hail Rivera’s ability to teach technique, especially when it comes to forcing turnovers.
Mr. Pamuk devotes two essays to the big quake.
Because many were Youth on Stage performers in the past!
In addition to guided bike rides and a medicinal herb walk, they include yoga and meditation sessions under a large tent near the base of a ski run and a Wellness Expo on the pedestrian mall.
We love you, we miss you.
A Vatican statement described the meeting as cordial, touching on “the future of Europe,” the Middle East, problems in Africa and unspecified “hostage dramas.” France has recently been working to free Ingrid Betancourt, a French-Colombian politician held by Colombian rebels for nearly six years.
We moored at Ogoi Island, a small rock really, with a newly built Buddhist Temple, which proved to be controversial because of its size and its prominence.
At the same time, Mr. Sharif is a rival to Ms. Bhutto, who had been made politically vulnerable by reports that she had held secret talks with General Musharraf to negotiate a power-sharing deal.
And of course, this being Rome, a fountain — actually two — a pair of immense granite tubs plundered from the baths of Caracalla and tricked out with matching aquatic ensembles that look a bit like scalloped soap dishes impaled by spurting lilies (the lily — some insist it's actually an iris — being the prime Farnese family insignia).
But Mr. Rabby illustrated another essential quality of diplomats: perseverance.
A bon vivant with a 20,000-bottle wine cellar at his primary home in Miami, Mr. Dickinson has frequently chartered motor and sailing vessels for vacations with his wife, Jodi.
The candidates spoke at a forum on health care at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, sponsored by the Service Employees International Union and the Center for American Progress Action Fund, a liberal advocacy group.
Similarly, after pheasant hunting in Iowa, Mr. Huckabee flew to Florida for two days of closed-door fund-raising events intended to finance efforts in the other early primary states.
Pastas, none innovative but all classic comfort food, are worth the extra course, particularly as half-orders.
Because the committee has a financial interest in the sport’s success, he said, there are potential conflicts of interest.
She is a daughter of Monica Spira and John Spira of Houghton, South Africa.
outcry of an offended parent.” “It’s a legitimate claim that children with disabilities are vulnerable enough as it is,” said Ms. Etlinger, whose 4-year-old son has mild autism.
But it also offers one more sign that the world does not depend as much on the American economy as it once did.
Caption information is provided below.
Oct. 28 at 2 p.m. $60 to $90.
STAN RAPP, a longtime direct marketer, is embarking on his third (at least) career, joining forces with a private equity fund to start an agency that intends to use the new media to help forge closer, and more measurable, connections with consumers.
“Parents didn’t really understand,” said Polly Desjarlais, a museum interpreter whose 5-year-old son, George, will enter a French-English kindergarten at P.S.
The Mississippi governor, riding high on an image of competence after Hurricane Katrina, is unlikely to be toppled in the election, on Nov. 6, say analysts and even friends of Mr. Eaves, a born-again, largely self-financed trial lawyer wealthy from asbestos litigation and other cases who won the Democratic primary in August.
The same late-night revelers who spent their high school and college years plodding through mandatory science classes are now gathering voluntarily to listen to presentations on principles of string theory or how orbitofrontal cortexes work — as long as it takes place far from the fluorescent lights of classroom.
While Bouchara’s family wasn’t wealthy (her rotted teeth were a testament to that), her parents and grandparents were able to feed, clothe and (most importantly) spoil her with love.
Naomi can barely keep her rage under wraps at the office; at home she locks herself in the bathroom with an entire cake and tearfully scarfs it down.
“Fred has a commanding personal presence that makes every other politician jealous,” said Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee.
The response came back that “due to high volume of reported water conditions they would be unable to provide an estimated time of arrival at this time.” The strange mixture of fire and water seen at 23rd Street was visible elsewhere.
His son, Jesús, just 14, is now at his side in the ring, learning the tricks of the trade.
The vote was 161 to 113, with all three opposition parties supporting the Liberal Party bill.
Mr. Sarkozy wants to be seen as a statesman.
Others have proposed rules that would shield homeowners from foreclosure if they declare bankruptcy, or that would allow regulators to force mortgage lenders into rewriting the terms of loans that prove impossible to meet.
The bullfight has become the off-screen butchering of a cow.
And his real talent — imagining new threats to individual freedoms — is not given a strenuous workout.
Every field of candidates needs, for lack of a better term, comic relief — for the sake of keeping things interesting and, if everybody is lucky, for making the other smoothies on stage a little uncomfortable.
“There’s just garden-variety denial,” he said.
Mr. Barrios, the fashion designer, says that he plans to audition again for “Project Runway” and that he is not put off by the time and money he has invested.
Roger Vivier patent-leather bag, $1,200.
; June 13: Lenox Hill Neighborhood House benefited from a party for 250 guests at the Bryant Park Grill.
For lunch, more than a dozen standby sandwiches include a combination of goat cheese, roasted peppers and olive tapenade ($7.95) or ham, honey mustard and le délice de Bourgogne (a triple crème cheese) served on a croissant ($8.95).
That improves Ortiz’s chances to be even more effective.
SALSA needs redefining; literally, the word means sauce.
I signed up for numbers in Paris, London and Barcelona, and then asked friends in those cities to call me.
Also, Colorado signed defenseman Brett Clark to a two-year contract extension through 2009-10.
He wrote that although the chief argument supporting the limits concerns protecting the anonymity of undercover officers, no one ''has been able to identify a single instance when trace data compromised the anonymity of an officer or the integrity of an investigation.''
Photo: In connection with a House hearing on mine safety, an inflatable mine refuge shelter was set up yesterday on Capitol Hill.
As supporters walk into a campaign stop for Mr. Obama, separate lines are designated for high school and college students to receive specific instructions for caucus night.
Their biggest gamble involves the lucrative Medicare Advantage part of the business: doctor networks that are managed by the insurers, in contrast to regular Medicare in which members can choose virtually any doctor, who is paid directly by the government.
The Angels’ owner, Arte Moreno, co-opted the name Los Angeles for his team, and the Angels have a World Series championship and three West division titles in the last six seasons.
One reason for the difference is that Japanese utilities rely heavily on nuclear power and natural gas, while most of CLP’s operations are in nations where coal is cheap and abundant, like China, India and Australia, as it is in the United States.
Clearly, Bach’s piece, like Barber’s, has a power to move that transcends its time, place and intent.
to loop Matthew in, and that was kind of a no-no,” Ms. Cicalese said.
Al graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point on June 1, 1943, one month short of his 20th birthday.
“A kid is already having a difficult time breathing through a stuffy nose, and you’re going to sedate them?” asked Dr. Paul, who speculated that such practices might explain some cases of sudden infant death syndrome .
The latest furor arose when one mother claimed that district officials failed to act quickly enough when her daughter — a 12-year-old middle school student at the time — was subjected to racial slurs, threatened, spat on and punched by a group of white boys who called themselves “the rednecks” on the school bus beginning in the fall of 2005.
Adrienne Schulte as Bianca, who leads the corps de ballet in a wild tarantella, could do with more projection and abandon.
“It was hard for me to live in Eileen Chang’s world,” Mr. Lee said.
Well versed in large-scale sculpture.
Besides, “we have advertising inside, so why not advertising outside?” Mr. Maron said.
The wagyu cattle raised here are also pampered, and cuts from them other than steaks also have a particular succulence.
1 fan, Rush Limbaugh .
All considered, school taxes account for about 40 percent of all local and state taxes paid by the average New York citizen.
Pending home sales dropped by nearly 21 percent in the West, which has been hit hard by a spike in interest rates on jumbo mortgages — those for amounts higher than $417,000.
(“I have told you before,” he begins one sentence, characteristically.)
He lifted the cardboard lid.
“Except for limited crunch periods, seats are generally available to both Europe and India on these flights.” Flying to Paris?
The succession became embroiled in politics when the Austrian chancellor and opera fan Alfred Gusenbauer was perceived as lobbying for his favorite, the American opera singer Neil Shicoff.
It is not only closer to work, but also “more along the way to being developed than New Rochelle or Yonkers,” Mr. Crawley said.
We’re confident that RC2 is doing the right things, including the second recall, to ensure the safety of our toys.
After a week of constant motion, I was buzzing with memories and inertia — I’d sampled so many places, so quickly, I wanted to revisit them all.
It’s a sad day for the people who supported him, but it opens everything up for the caucuses now.” Ms. Fischer added, “Everybody will be waiting to see who he supports and where his supporters and staff go.” In the three months of his candidacy, Mr. Vilsack faced a burden unlike that of any other person in the race: persuading voters in his own state to view him as presidential material.
Some scientists and many patients remain highly critical of the C.D.C.’s record on chronic fatigue syndrome, or C.F.S.
But there wasn’t a lot of choice.
“If you look at the different quarters of Berlin, Prenzlauer Berg has one of the lowest birthrates,” says Reiner Klingholz, director of the Berlin Institute for Population and Development, who has been trying to debunk the myth since late 2004 with mixed results.
But Mr. Kwun said on Monday that Google was not compelled by law to develop those tools or to make them available to content owners.
Posada has been remarkably consistent this season, batting .338 through Friday to rank fifth in the American League.
“What you hear about Manhattan boards, in general, is that they tend to operate behind closed doors,” Mr. Balciunas said.
Mrs. Clinton has also been in a skirmish with a Defense Department official, a development in which Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates has sought to play peacemaker.
Last night, Mr. Wallace pleaded not guilty at his arraignment in Staten Island Criminal Court in Stapleton.
“Is it 1 percent, 2 percent?
Amgen officials said the moves would save $1.0 billion to $1.3 billion next year.
Samuel Johnson once remarked that “when a man knows he is to be hanged in a fortnight, it concentrates his mind wonderfully.” In that sense, recent events here — the victory of the radical Islamic movement Hamas in Gaza and Fatah ’s rapid collapse there — have focused the diplomatic mind and shaken Israel , the United States and the Sunni Arab states, like Egypt and Saudi Arabia, already nervous about a rising Iran.
(If you move, the rules in the state where you bought the policy apply.)
• Keep a very close watch on what sort of plane you’ll be on.
With such eye-popping numbers, Mr. Wiedeking noted, Porsche was looking for ways to put a lid on its profits.
As it turned out — and always does in the movies — the antagonist miscalculated.
differences, but added that certainty on either side is misplaced given that the research is still in its infancy.
“Our criminal investigators spoke with him at length — it was a very productive interview.
He also said he had received warnings and told a number of colleagues that he had heard a rumor that Uzbek officials had placed a $10,000 bounty on his head.
Her preferred spatial effect often seemed to be a swirling vortex, with the illusion of motion both countered and underscored by weighty colors and thick surfaces subdued with the active workings of a palette knife.
There was an avalanche of sentencing news last week.
It takes eight days for the strike money to kick in.
Mr. Kerkorian, a 90-year-old billionaire, will become Tesoro’s largest shareholder, with a 20 percent stake.
And Standard Pacific Corporation abandoned plans to buy a new building near Union Station and sell its 272 units as condominiums.
That impression is not dispelled by “Some Men,” a breezy series of sketches about gay American life through eight decades, directed by Trip Cullman.
Not to feel sorry for Rodriguez, though.
Indeed, in the view of some of Lekuton’s supporters the election was shaping up to be a proxy confrontation between the West and Islam — a clash of civilizations in the Kenyan bush.
No one, inmates say, wants to be branded a “race traitor.” “It is as rigid a form of segregation as ever existed in this country,” Mr. Koppel says.
Before such pictures, nothing else really mattered.
Mike Thompson, managing director of global research at Thomson Financial, says he believes that the potential slowdown in earnings “reflects a midcycle slowdown.” But he adds that he does not think a recession is on the horizon.
In all, some $2.6 trillion is in money market funds, according to AMG Data Services.
When a name-brand band settles in for a residency at a small Broadway theater — as Duran Duran is through next Tuesday at the Ethel Barrymore Theater21;151; the selling point is a chance to get closer to the musicians and the songs.
Mr. Rosenfeld said the prime minister would be questioned again on Thursday.
“Parents are going to be judging us,” Mr. Getz said.
This does not preclude their doubling as poker clubs, which the Harvard group does, where hobbyists can improve their poker-playing skills so long as they do not wager money during play.
Sacred Harp singers sit in what’s called a hollow square, with one voice part (treble, alto, tenor, bass) on each side, all facing center and toward one another, and singing out loudly.
At a time when so-called high fidelity seemed to capture listeners’ imagination as much as music itself, Mr. Subotnick wrote music intended to be done not on a piano or a clarinet but on the record player in your parlor.
Mr. Longhi said that he had attended instead because he is more familiar with the technical aspects of the steam network and the investigation into the blast.
Seven decades later, our reaction to the current crisis is anemic in comparison.
For most of us, political activity at the national level is remote.
We extend our deepest sympathies to his family.
The consortium’s offer is 93 percent in cash and calls for ABN Amro to be split among the three bidders.
Ultimately, that is what the Activision-Vivendi-Blizzard deal is about.
There was the light girlish makeup she created in collaboration with the properly celebrated maestro Pat McGrath.
“I’ve always loved horses and wanted to ride,” Ms. Feliciano, 38, called down from her mount, a paint named Remo, as she gingerly worked the reins and squeezed her thighs to make the horse amble forward, then sideways.
I felt its unconventional citrus flavors merged well with evergreen aromas, but the others disagreed.
It is Denton’s belief that owing largely to their progressive views — particularly their virulent opposition to slavery, paired with Jessie’s feminism — the Frémonts suffered more than most; they were multimillionaires and came just shy of being the president and first lady at the height of their powers, but wound up historical punch lines, relegated to ever smaller and meaner living arrangements in the twilight of their lives.
We’re very upset.” Dennis Pixton, a genial oysterman on the dock here at Bayou La Loutre, called the findings “a blatant lie.” Both he and Mr. Voisin said their income from oysters dwarfed what they received from oil companies.
Mr. Bell has not been released from jail.
The channel, which began operations in 1996, was acquired last year by a group that included Hubbard Media Group, the Weinstein Company, Perry Capital and Arcadia Investment Partners.
Disney’s plan represents a significant shift in the toy business.
“The court finds that banning possession in the school is not an irrational method to accomplish such goal,” he wrote.
He graduated from Tufts and received a master’s degree in education from Harvard and a master’s degree in public administration from Columbia.
Faced with a $55,000 fine, Alex and Martha Slater of Stonington have given up their fight to keep their daughter's playhouse in their yard.
After intermission Mr. Vengerov announced from the stage that as he had recently injured his right arm, it was “a little tough” for him to play.
The penalty gave the Rangers a four-minute power play that led to Rozsival’s goal.
As Ms. Simpson gazes at Mr. Ashford pleadingly from the piano and he preens like a proud, friendly lion, then turns and gazes at her with amused adoration, something wonderful is happening.
His design and more than 400 other entries are displayed at the group's Web site, www.etcgroup.org .
The Belvidere factory, for example, builds the small Dodge Caliber .
This raised mortgage rates and put home buyers at risk of being priced out of the market.
Navigating the residential costs, which vary by institution, is also a complex undertaking.
“ But what people figured out is, ‘If I can get a quality six or seven or eight hours...”While Tempur-Pedic created the so-called memory-foam mattress market and has its own secret design, there are many competitors using a wide variety of materials.
He reflects how “the death of a man who was so loved seems to exhaust everyone as if they’re struggling in a vacuum and not quite enough air is being pumped in for survival.” Donald’s widow, Cynthia, typically a wiseacre, wastes away, mostly silent, unable to eat, burdened as well by her daughter’s newfound obsession with bears.
“That was really helpful for those of us on the West Coast because we could have meetings, get back to the hotel, change clothes and get a 5 o’clock plane back.
But faced with the dogmatic red-wine-with-cheese camp, I would be the last to say that whites are the only wines to drink with cheese.
Mark Nelson has mastered the trick of raising a single eyebrow.
Freshly made juices ($5 to $6 ) are listed on the large blackboard menu.
He went on: “The compilations were meant to convey emotion and they certainly seem to have got a reaction.
Not long after that, a complaint was filed against a boy who had recently started inviting the twins over to his house.
The salary wasn’t great, but employees got a 30 percent discount, and as the seasons changed, unsold clothes were moved to the basement, where the discounts grew deeper.
scans send up a lot of red flags,” said Dr. Carl D’Orsi, co-chairman of the American College of Radiology’s breast imaging commission.
It has not worked out that way.
But since they spoke, the state decided to open a group home for troubled male teenagers here this fall, and Ms. Caldwell said she and her husband, John, were beginning to think they did the wrong thing by moving here from Clinton, 10 miles away.
Despite rising oil and food prices, the European Central Bank has apparently concluded that increasing borrowing costs at a time when many large banks are reeling from losses incurred through bets on mortgage-backed securities would be dangerous.
In addition, a small number of businesses specialize in disaster management.
Here, as in his undemonstrative enhancements for Ms. LaBarbara’s “Breath,” Mr. Subotnick seemed interested in creating echoing acoustical spaces, some of which sounded almost cathedral-like.
Barclays announced on Thursday a lower-than-expected write-down on securities related to subprime mortgages, calming investors who had recently sold shares of the bank amid fears that it would post a loss.
Thomas managed to fill 11 minutes 22 seconds without providing a meaningful answer.
He will be fondly remembered and sorely missed by all of his family.
Graduate of Hunter High School, University of Michigan, and NY Medical College (1945), past president of the Alumni Association and Professor of Pediatrics at NY Medical College, Vice President and attending physician at Flower and Fifth Avenue Hospital, and Attending at Lenox Hill Hospital.
Investor fears eased somewhat after President Bush and Ben S. Bernanke, the chairman of the Federal Reserve, said they would work to prevent problems in the credit markets from spreading.
Freshly made wraps, salads and pastas ($3.99 to $9.95) are popular for takeout or to eat at one of the five small bistro tables.
I’d like to be one of them, but it’s not gonna happen.
The ride takes nearly eight minutes as it carries parkgoers a mile along a ridgeline overlooking a sea fringed with beaches and dotted with wooden fishing trawlers and gleaming yachts.
Its cable would carry as much as 660 megawatts off the grid from a substation in Ridgefield, N.J., underground to the riverfront in Edgewater.
scrap two preseason games for each team, and add two games to the 16-game regular season.
But those fields are on land.
Segments delve into illegal wildlife trading in Southeast Asia; deforestation in Brazil; the perils facing species like polar bears and wolves; the retreat of the ice sheet in Greenland; population control in China; the disappearance of Lake Chad in Central Africa; and the Carteret Islands in the South Pacific.
And she told her husband he needed to make more money and shoulder most of the parenting of their younger son, 12-year-old Landen, she said.
Meanwhile, on the other side of the country, Daniel Lyons, a senior editor at Forbes magazine who lives near Boston, has been quietly enjoying the attention.
While the Frieze program describes Mr. Prince’s work as offering “the ultimate vehicle in which to pursue the combined fantasies of upward and lateral mobility,” it is equally true to say that interpretation is in the eye of the beholder.
As Mr. Peña recalled it, he was walking down the street, distracted, when he heard a motorcycle rush by a little too close.
When Ms. Desai was told of Mr. Kelly’s statement, her response was, “Did he do that, or Fernando Mateo?” Mr. Mateo, a spokesman for the federation of taxi drivers, met with Mr. Kelly yesterday and urged him to provide protection for drivers who work today and tomorrow.
In 1959 she left Germany for Geneva to study art at the Ecole des Arts Decoratifs.
“Cleve Gray: Threnody,” painted panels.
Greatgrandfather of Jared, Jacob and Alex.
Existing speaker systems trigger the iPhone's airplane mode (wireless and phone features turned off) to avoid interference with the music.
... Ravens middle linebacker Ray Lewis has an injured knee and will be a game-time decision for tomorrow’s game against the Bills.
“If we don’t act, once you get past that point of no return, it can happen fast.” Galena was born as a mining town and is named for lead ore.
They won’t have any idea.
Three months later, Sergeant Behee was walking unassisted and abandoned his government-provided wheelchair.
According to recent data, China’s foreign reserves have been climbing at a pace of $40 billion a month — twice as fast as last year.
I believe that’s unusual in the industry.
he was admitted to the New York Academy of Dentistry and continued his dental education throughout his lifetime.
Ideal marathon conditions include temperatures in the high 40s or low 50s and low humidity.
Mr. Granville asked the boy, as if he had asked the question for the umpteenth time.
And while the rest of us were always sweating, covered in cement, he was so clean that we would joke: with your eyes closed, a whiff of baby powder would alert you to his presence.
On “Song X,” by Ornette Coleman, the Bad Plus boiled everything down to an essence.
A recent issue of Prim Perfect featured the Odaesan House, a grand mansion with an Arts-and-Crafts-style interior attributed to Troy Vogel, the avatar behind the Mission Home store.
But many people might see bias there, and The Times gave them the ammunition.
Soon Mr. Garzone released his grip and softened into a relaxed swing-ballad feeling.
William M. Adler Denver, March 20, 2007 The writer is working on a biography of Joe Hill.
Most evenings, Mr. Park drives from Queens , where he works in finance at Elmhurst Hospital, to the restaurant, where he serves as chief troubleshooter and greeter.
There are homes for sale all over my area, now sellers are trying to rent some of them.
One critic responding to a performance of his other, and similarly difficult, piano concerto wrote that the composer “played the wrong notes but like a man who knew what the right notes were.” How to cheat in the Brahms concertos is under-the-table curriculum in most conservatories.
Private health care systems have strengths of their own, are favored by many patients and often provide care as good as any.
It may come as a surprise to realize that most video games actually incorporate very little randomness in their design.
As a result, even tiny, random fluctuations can blow up, generating potentially enormous long-run differences among even indistinguishable competitors — a phenomenon that is similar in some ways to the famous “butterfly effect” from chaos theory.
Amid all the towering patriotism depicted, exhibits are planned about the slaves’ lot of hardship and creativity in realizing the Capitol.
''He's a very good kicker.
Botero was cleared by Colombia’s cycling federation in November.
In 1992 the Los Angeles Philharmonic showed itself willing to take a risk on a young unknown when it chose the Finnish composer and conductor Esa-Pekka Salonen for the job.
“I’m making progress and I feel really good about the situation,” he said before practicing on a limited basis.
In this country, though, Keller is best known for creating the fair’s flamboyant younger sister, Art Basel Miami Beach (or A.B.M.B.
Most of the songs were from the band's debut album, ''Datarock Datarock'' (Young Aspiring Professionals), which was released in 2005 in Norway; an expanded version is due for United States release on June 12.
Maybe the Red Sox have bloodstreams as clear as mountain creeks.
(On Memorial Day weekend, May 25 to 27, the Little A’Le’Inn will play host to its sixth annual U.F.O.
They include expanding a federal health care program for children, extending legislation allowing intelligence agencies to monitor communications and approving more spending for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
“This is hurting the great part of the business for me,” he said.
It would give money for planning and developing “Housing Opportunity Areas,” designated zones where units would be built at higher-than-usual density, with at least 20 percent of them set aside for people who meet income thresholds.
Representative David Obey, chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, is already calling for a war tax.
Helene prefers the company at a local dive, where she was busy getting hammered when her daughter, alone in what might be the grimmest child's bedroom ever, disappeared.
Recovery was in full swing , as development money, aid workers and diplomats poured into the country.
He had crooked teeth and striking eyes that earned him the nickname Chino, Spanish for Chinaman.
“First and foremost this sport is about fitness,” Luke Bodensteiner, the United States ski team’s Nordic director, said Saturday in a telephone interview from Norway, where he was spending the holidays with his wife’s family.
But chances are that if you visit the Reverón retrospective opening at MoMA on Sunday, you’ll find yourself thinking about him a lot.
So maybe we should have a serious nuke talk, and, if it goes well, we’ll back off regime change.” Instead, we just have Mr. Cheney being Mr. Cheney, but the Bush team neither carrying out his threats nor leveraging them to drive meaningful diplomacy with Tehran.
Neither bohemian nor slick technocrat, Matzzie is an Italian-American who grew up in Mount Lebanon, a middle-class suburb of Pittsburgh.
The fresh interest is no surprise.
She is living a life of empty, high-salaried professional triumph until she makes a visit home and her parents ask her to give a lift back to London to Ed, the son of a local widow.
Last week, the Cowboys and quarterback Tony Romo found open spaces down the middle of the field with midrange passes.
“The rests were truly elegant,” he said.
Sloppy but somewhat sweet (1:30).
And of course safety was an issue.
Workers exposed to toxic air can be protected by respirators.
At this cue “Brando” cuts to stock film of city girls in spackled makeup batting eyes at the camera.
“Let’s get ready!” he shouted, one soldier said.
Daryl Wine Bar and Restaurant, New Brunswick David Drake, who opened the impeccable restaurant that bears his name in Rahway in 2005, has done it again with Daryl: The food is delicious, there are 60-plus wines by the glass, and the experience is joyful and communal.
What is it that makes him uniquely qualified?
Warburg Pincus, Florida Health Care, Epsilon and Tampa Health Care all declined to comment.
But Mr. Irving, back in the early 1970s, conned a major publishing house and a popular magazine into buying a much bigger and more brazen lie.
While my personal dissertation experience has been positive, if not prolonged, I wholeheartedly agree that graduate students in all disciplines could benefit from an article-based dissertation format.
3 Maryland won its third game in five days, beating visiting Delaware in the quarterfinals of the N.I.T.
It came on a postcard of the Eiffel Tower.
“All you can do with geography is teach.” Ms. Boivin proved her father wrong.
He said that while China was committed to political reform, progress toward democracy would be difficult because the economic, political and legal systems were still immature.
Many therapeutic communities have a dropout rate as high as 80 percent, he said.
Some scientists argue that the supply’s days are numbered; others say there is plenty of water and nothing to worry about.
You wish it was the other way around.” The Bills (7-6) won for the sixth time in eight games to stay in the American Football Conference playoff hunt.
In January, Chino rented a farmhouse 30 miles south of Madrid, where he and his friends hid a cache of dynamite he bought with hashish.
The heavier and more elaborate the ruffles, the more expensive they are (800 to 1,200 euros).
The Lifehacker site has explained to its readers how to download and save MP3s off music streaming sites or how to use Pledge furniture polish to fix scratches on a DVD.
“I mean, what else can you ask for?” Maybin said.
It had better happen fast.
I don’t think they care about what somebody said yesterday about some small nuance of some issue.” But this time he is often the one doing the sniping, usually singling out his rival Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton.
“I never say never, but I’m not out looking for a job,” he said.
here, he captures the most collectible looks of the season.
He identified five components of morality that were common to most cultures.
Always in our hearts with love.
“You’ll get a young man in his 20s on Wall Street” who leases a Ferrari 355, Mr. Posner said.
This weekend, the focus is on Newport, where the dealers hope what they show in Newport stays in Newport.
Mr. Danielpour’s comforting sonorities just turn the moment hokey.
“I’ve never told anyone that before,” Alice says, surprised by her willingness to be vulnerable about a matter she has guarded from even her closest friends.
If lined with enough windows, their tapered corners can draw generous amounts of sunlight.
THE pros serve as instructors and ask students to play hands the way they would in a regular game.
He is a son of Carol A. Malarney of Conyers, Ga., and the late William F. Malarney.
Mr. Manheim, 36, is a project manager at Daymon Worldwide, a company in Stamford, Conn., specializing in the sales and marketing of private label consumer products.
Beloved wife of Talton (died 2005) for 42 years, she is also survived by daughters Justina and Nicola, grandson Kai, son-inlaw Jay Malcolm, sister Herta Benke, brothers-in-law David and Lansing Ray and sister-in-law Gina, and eight nieces and nephews.
(Matt Zoller Seitz) 'SUMMER LOVE' (No rating, 1:33) The artist Piotr Uklanski's conceptual nudge in the ribs has been called the first Polish western, though it's really more of a deconstructed art western.
These declines were offset by a 5.3 percent surge in output at utilities, reflecting a hotter-than-usual August.
Oil companies argue that higher prices offer some benefit to consumers because they call forth additional supplies, especially from higher-cost sources of oil like the tar sands of Canada.
It was the first side-by-side appearance of Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton in the 2008 presidential campaign, and the political theater of the two campaigns overlapped repeatedly, but with a polite tone that contrasted with their political skirmishing of recent weeks.
“There’s going to be an irreducible expense that falls on you, and that’s part of the shared responsibility,” the secretary of homeland security, Michael Chertoff, said in August at a meeting of the National Conference of State Legislatures.
China's roads are the most dangerous in the world, with 90,000 people losing their lives in accidents in the first quarter of 2007 alone, according to official estimates.
If Glaus, Gibbons and Schoeneweis were using steroids in 2004 and if Gibbons was using them in 2005, the question is why none of them were ever cited for failing a drug test and suspended.
And another club with a longstanding tradition in Latin music is still going strong: S.O.B.
Among many international observers and the country’s news media, primary suspicion has fallen on the Uzbek security services.
At its center is a document that Mr. Eisenberg’s clients, an Islamic charity and two of its lawyers, say proves that their international communications were the subject of N.S.A.
“I was on the brink of canceling my subscription,” wrote one reader.
Photo: Two to four inches of rain fell along the course for the Boston Marathon.
Sony will instead offer upfront cash payments to some producers.
For information contact Riverside-Nassau North Chapels, (516) 4879600.
(The Democrats had been more split, some worrying that the amendment would wipe out hard-won but ultimately counterproductive laws protecting women from things like working overtime or lifting heavy objects.)
Critchlow has more difficulty integrating the neoconservatives into his argument.
The news sent Citigroup’s shares down $2.85, or 6.8 percent, to $38.51, their lowest level in more than four years.
There was consensus, he said, that there should be a memorial, either on the bridge or somewhere else.
In a career that spanned more than 50 years, he did much to advance the cause of behavioral therapy and was widely regarded as the intellectual founder of behavior modification.
“But he’s not harmless.” Beyond establishing these (somewhat) grounding details, it’s simply impossible to explain the intent and direction of this funny, disturbing, daring and demanding novel — Erickson’s best.
“This is a great deal,” said Mr. Dickinson, who also owns a vacation home at a ski resort in North Carolina.
In lieu of flowers, contributions to the American Diabetes Association Rifkin Memorial Fund would be greatly appreciated.
Though Mr. Bookstaver’s illness was diagnosed almost immediately by his family doctor , he said that other patients — the 628 notified this week, for example — might not have been as lucky.
One of them, Orlando Richards, works as a documentary cameraman; he graduated from the fellowship program in 2000.
Use a condom every time.” “We have to change the perception that carrying a condom for women or men is a sign they’re on the prowl and just want to have sex,” said Linda Kaplan Thaler, chief executive of the Kaplan Thaler Group, the New York advertising agency that created the “Evolve” campaign.
If we believe, as Mr. Harris affirms, that the societies that have arisen out of Enlightenment ideas, whatever their flaws, really are morally superior to others, if we are convinced that the values of the West are rare and crucial and fragile, then to what extent are we willing to make a stand on their behalf?
Written in Chinese in 2002, the will included the hope that China’s prime minister, the chief executive of Hong Kong and the secretary general of the United Nations would jointly “supervise” the foundation and the prize.
New taxes from the gas plant are helping finance a cultural center.
As long as the commodity title remains untouched, the way we eat will remain unchanged.
(845-985-2291; www.frostvalley.org ), about two hours from New York City in the Catskills, has platform tents, rustic cabins, mountain lodges and a former country estate 14 miles from the main campus.
How do you think you’re doing with that promise?
In 19501956, he was fiction editor at The New Yorker, a film critic for Saturday Review and Woman's Day, a book reviewer for The New York Times, and contributor of short stories and essays of famous film personalities to Playboy, Esquire and Cosmopolitan.
That is important this year.
''You've had situations where borrowers saw their rates change when they weren't supposed to, or they were working with people who went out of business,'' he said.
But Susan Stevenson, a spokeswoman at the embassy, said Dr. Gao missed her appointment.
To the Editor: Re “Daunted by the Subway?
Leverage.com gets a fee when a student chooses one of its lenders but only for a federal loan, says Dan Thibeault, the company president.
His clients include graphic artists, textile designers and collectors of folk and outsider art.
Yet Steven P. Jobs, a founder of Apple, has led a remarkable renaissance at the company since he returned in 1997.
Republicans have been skeptical about Mr. Soares’s investigation because he did not interview the governor or any of his staff members under oath.
“I guess his arm gave out after 25 years.” Cashman and Epstein explained how each team has player development meetings in which they poll team executives before outlining exhaustive daily plans for every pitcher.
Saying that Democrats should “look at ourselves and ask, ‘Are we doing the right thing?’ ” he went on: “These questions about whether the U.S. attorney is too political, that’s not the question.
Voyager 2, which took a slower trajectory, is a mere 7.8 billion miles away and has yet to reach the heliopause, although there are signs that it is very close.
For the libretto Mr. Glass turned to the British playwright Christopher Hampton, with whom he had collaborated on his previous opera, “Waiting for the Barbarians.” “I had looked at a lot of writers in preparing to do this,” he said.
The artist named Gego, who is the subject of a small, out-of-this-world survey at the Drawing Center in SoHo, was born Gertrud Goldschmidt in Hamburg, Germany, in 1912.
Morris W. Offit, President Susan K. Stern, Chair of the Board John S. Ruskay, Exec.
He is a son of Mary Anne Lyons and the late William F. Lyons of New York.
The Dash Express’s built-in cellular modem connects to the Internet and downloads information.
Treasury officials, meanwhile, wanted to restore confidence in the market for mortgage-backed securities.
Tired of touring, he got involved in Etsy, applying the sorts of underground promotional ideas he picked up as a musician, like creating Etsy “street teams.” Gregarious and easygoing, he gave the Etsy pitch.
The concerts, which are free, are still held outdoors in the Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Sculpture Garden, with all that entails: amplification to give the musicians a fighting chance against the steady whoosh of traffic, both on the ground and in the air, and the blast-furnace atmosphere of a New York summer night.
In a black T-shirt and blue jeans, with his double-peaked goatee and graying curls that peek out from under his black gimme cap, he stands apart from the suit-and-tie armies of manufacturers’ representatives at the show.
Yet retaining endowment chiefs, at Harvard and elsewhere, is notoriously challenging.
It was clear as the Pittsburgh Steelers dismantled the vaunted Baltimore Ravens pass defense Monday night that Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger, below right, was having a special game, but it was not obvious just how unusual it was.
A Brooklyn couple who just closed on a second home chose the Artist’s Palate to celebrate the other evening.
The focus at Zabb Queens is the food of Isaan, a landlocked region that is among Thailand’s poorest.
“CMEE has opened its programs to us, offering our kids spots in classes on art or nature or music, and extending financial aid,” said Bonnie Cannon, executive director of the Bridgehampton Day Care Center.
The Newmans fret over how much to protect her.
“It is a question of what the markets need as much as what they want.” The stock markets declined slightly yesterday ahead of the Fed meeting, and Wall Street’s reaction today could hinge as much on the wording of the accompanying statement as on the size of any rate cut.
He wanted his fledgling ensemble to participate in the worldwide celebrations of the American composer Steve Reich ’s 70th birthday last year.
Memorial Contributions may be made to John Jay College Library, 899 10th Avenue, NY, NY 10019.
Jacaranda's ostrich egg bowls are more than just a pretty shell.
The atrocious results of the all-star portfolio certainly suggest that one-year rankings are a very poor guide for investing.
Trying to choose among the shows is difficult even for the most devoted fans.
This is a movie in which a dirty mind is a good thing.
Along several cul-de-sacs, all the homes burned to the ground.
“We went through a streak where everything we did went well for us,” Manager Joe Torre said.
But with the roster cut to the league-maximum 53, Matthews and Dahl were in front of their lockers.
as a power shutdown plunged the area into darkness, a witness said.
With an advertising shortfall (those “Frank TV” promos, abundant as they are, don’t pay TBS’s rent), a four-game sweep is a major money loser.
He was placed on the disabled list six days later, but the move was retroactive to July 25.
THE BILL Entrees, $23 to $26.
At a playoff game in 1993 between the Minnesota Vikings and the Redskins, he declared, “We don’t like your chicken feathers, your paint, your cheap Hollywood chants.”
They took in trucks, guns and weed-whackers.
The company wants to make ethanol, a form of alcohol, but its technique produces less valuable varieties of alcohol as well.
An infiltrator could slip malicious computer software onto them, which could change the results of an election.
Coach Jon Gruden pulled his key players from last week's loss to the 49ers.
“My whole plan with the movie has been not to think past December 7th,” he said.
On my last day in Niger, I found Bouchara napping on a mat inside, sick with a cold.
And his first restaurant in the Hamptons , called Townline BBQ, will open early next month.
Although Mr. Mukasey is otherwise widely admired by prosecutors and defense lawyers alike in New York, his handling of the cases of Mr. Awadallah and other material witnesses taken into custody in terrorism investigations after Sept. 11 produced some rare, sharp criticism of his performance on the bench and raised concern among civil liberties groups.
It appeared to have shaken off quality problems that dogged it in 2006, when it reported double the number of recalls it had 2005.
West jumped to three spades, a pre-emptive action promising four-card support and few high-card points.
“By that time,” Mr. Krongard said, “paranoia was setting in.” The Decision to Tape By several accounts, the decision to begin taping Abu Zubaydah and another detainee suspected of being a Qaeda operative, Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri, was made in the field, with several goals in mind.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
She got married and had two children.
Mr. Swann seemed to have a good time with Mr. Crumb’s extracurricular strummings inside the body of the piano and his spoken and shouted bits of texts.
“No one even showed us the space.” The entire building was abandoned save for a ground-floor men’s clothing shop operated by the building’s owner.
“I think it is an appropriate time to begin a discussion to complete this rule-making and complete these media ownership issues.” Officials said the commission would consider loosening the restrictions on the number of radio and television stations a company could own in the same city.
From the beginning, the United Nations has used child malnutrition rates to assess the direness of the situation in Darfur.
Greenwich Village $399,000 15 West 12th Street 0 1 0 3 weeks The column shows the random prices of houses across the region.
But it isn’t a tax cut.
NORTH HAVEN, N.Y. A FAMILIAR story: The parents of a young, hungry architect plan to build a house, and the young, hungry architect gets the job, a first major commission.
Her stamina on the campaign trail appears steady, and she and her husband frequently say that her cancer has proved no encumbrance on her daily life.
CANADIENS 5, FLYERS 2 Saku Koivu had a goal and an assist to lead host Montreal past Philadelphia.
For instance, being all things to all people worked wonderfully well for Bill Clinton the candidate, but when his presidency ran into trouble, this trait was disastrous, particularly in the bumpy early years of his presidency and in the events leading up to his impeachment.
It would get attention all over the world.” It may not, however, remain the only version.
Never having had a head for cards, I continue to be amazed by the mental agility of these septua- and octogenarians.
But a frame that costs less than $25 to make in Italy can retail for at least $150 at an optical shop in the United States.
The new alleys will require maintenance, too, so their pores do not get clogged, but, Ms. Attarian said, “I think they’re pretty price competitive.” The city pays about $45 a cubic yard for permeable concrete, about $100 less than it did a year ago when concrete plants were just revving up production of the new material, but beyond that is the added expense of the stone filtration layer beneath the concrete.
Those countries all run budget surpluses, while Venezuela’s heavy social spending results in a deficit, according to data compiled by Mr. Marchand.
Ms. Lane, by contrast, uses her torch to cut baroque patterns into such mundane objects as shovels, Dumpsters and old oil drums.
“The concept of duality so dear to psychoanalysis and art in general,” read a press handout at Versace.
“It is hard knowing there are people unhappy about what you’re doing,” Ms. Tsien said.
In Oregon, Pacific Power said 36,000 customers lost electricity.
There has been talk of succession plans and exit strategies since well before some of his current players were born.
is doing this year with 2008 models and what automakers will be required to do for 2011 models.
Three years before that, the Gotham Organization and the Richman Group opened the Hamilton, 77 units of moderate-income housing opposite the Langston on Bradhurst Avenue.
The auction of the frequencies was made possible because digital television broadcasts require less bandwidth than analog TV, which is now the main use of the 700-megahertz span.
It was behind by more than a half million dollars on its water bill, and the association owed the city $2 million in back taxes.
And it was too cold.” He adapted neatly, as the BlackBerry on his belt indicates.
She spoke no Spanish and he spoke little English.
By then, he had already planned his funeral.
A dual Iranian-American citizen, Mr. Shakeri had left for Tehran on March 14 to visit his ailing mother.
Transformation of housing for middle-income families into luxury apartments has become an ever more persistent refrain in the city, accompanied by ever more anger and unhappiness on the part of residents.
The changes to the original 1987 guidelines could also add impetus to three bills in the Senate, one sponsored by a Democrat and two by Republicans, that would reduce or eliminate mandatory minimums for simple drug possession.
Medicare, meanwhile, has agreed to pay for certain expensive products or procedures — like some implantable heart defibrillators and the use of PET scans to detect dementia — only if the patients participate in studies to assess the long-term benefits.
State-driven investment projects, state-backed heavy industry and a thriving export sector led the way.
In overturning a 1914 law that prohibited women from tending bar here in the capital, the Supreme Court of India this month not only raised a glass to changing social mores in this country, but also gave Indian women access to one of the most lucrative jobs in the new economy.
The book could have benefited from fewer metaphors and a deeper examination of the painter’s mental anguish.
After his parents divorced early, he was raised an only child by his mother, Rose, who worked as a department store saleswoman and never remarried.
Years apart have not lessened my love and thoughts.
The DVD is a concert and documentary from 1984, showing his jovial presence, some admiring star guests and his cheerful determination to bring hope to his hard-working countrymen.
Dr. David R. Broudy, a cardiologist and electrophysiologist who implants defibrillators in Seattle, said Monday that he was in the habit of telling all patients about potential complications when he implants defibrillators.
The Bush administration had entered uncharted legal territory beginning in 2002, holding prisoners outside the scrutiny of the International Red Cross and subjecting them to harrowing pressure tactics.
BEST LATECOMER David Payne was sleeping at home in Hampton, Va., having failed to qualify for the American team.
“We should not wait until these bibs are worn to the point where they pose a danger,” she wrote.
“And he’s putting up some monster numbers.” Ramírez began last week with 23 home runs and ranked sixth in slugging percentage, ahead of Albert Pujols, Ryan Howard and Adam Dunn.
There is much confusion about what type of diet or exercise is best, not to mention how much sleep, stress or sex is ideal.
Cod, which prefer warmer waters, have started appearing off the coast again.
The indictment alleges that they held a series of meetings with Mr. Antonini Wilson and told him that various high-ranking Venezuelan government officials knew about the conspiracy, including the director of the Veneuzelan intelligence service, the vice president’s office and a high-ranking official from the Justice Ministry.
There was plenty of anxiety on display, but never enough coherence to link it all together.
Six months later Mr. Snyder, who lives in Silver Spring, Md., suggested that Dr. Wimpfheimer come down for a visit.
There is no state law requiring notification to home buyers, even though the Connecticut Department of Public Health keeps lists of safe levels.
(Key later authorized Mamah to translate some of her work into English.)
The Taurus (and its close cousin, the Mercury Sable ) is the top-rated family sedan in the severe front, side and rear crash tests conducted by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety; and when equipped with electronic stability control it gets the ultimate accolade of Top Safety Pick.
He went to work for his father, the late Benjamin Nemhauser, at the family's retail children's clothing store, The Capitol Kiddie Shop, in New Brunswick, NJ, where he remained until the store was closed in 1982.
In their questions, at least two appeals judges expressed skepticism of the prosecution’s contention that the holding of prior status reviews could be read as having declared detainees unlawful combatants.
Both pitchers were invited to spring training.
In 1991, during the last days of the Soviet Union, the remains of Nicholas, his wife, Aleksandra, and three of their five children were discovered in the city, and seven years later, they were interred in a cathedral in St. Petersburg that holds the crypts of other Russian royalty.
Presumably the company does not shoehorn him into coach but pays for a more expensive and less torturous business-class seat so that he will arrive tan, rested and ready to conduct brilliantly the company’s business.
Why are there no Jewish characters?
In addition to those concerns you express, we, too, have grave reservations because of the implicit but subtle racial impact of this plan.
But in recent years, SAP has moved to adopt the open standards of Internet computing.
“Our vision was, what if we can create this sense of community?” Neither has a background in cutting hair.
Instead, the appointment of L. Paul Bremer III to head a Coalition Provisional Authority was announced.
In the worst moments there, he said, he witnessed monumental catfights, jealousy, anger and hostility.
He was one of a multitude of reservists pressed into Iraq duty, many of them for jobs beyond their experience or abilities.
Survived by his loving wife of 51 years, Sarah, four children, eight grandchildren.
His father, Lewis, kept the wolf from the family door by delivering ice and coal in a horse-drawn wagon.
Laying out a hot tagine one afternoon, Mr. Beqqi explained the dish’s diverse ancestry.
I always went up there trying to hit the ball hard and hope it’s not at somebody.” How strong is Rollins?
Inspectors found employees using bronchoscopes that were not properly clean, nurses who could not read heart monitors, and suicidal patients in mental health units who had access to, and used, sharp objects.
They were driven to the 68th Precinct station house.
“People are fed up, period,” said Ameer Raghib, 46, a father of five.
“Black Flower” is divided into nine sections, with titles like “Turning” and “Wild,” but the register of emotion, and movement, is all too static.
Much of the travel world's eyes are focused on Beijing and the Olympics this year.
But you needn’t have a sweet tooth to enjoy the fruits of the Lombardis’ efforts.
At the time of the merger, the sheriff and other high-ranking officers attended a swearing-in ceremony, but most officers did not.
Ward, nursing a sprained ankle, is expected to start Sunday night against the Eagles at Giants Stadium.
That estimate was extrapolated by Dr. Gates using census data that counts only same-sex couples along with other government data that counts both single and coupled gay people.
Sunday,” and has also mocked the size of Bob Costas of NBC by using a little person, dressed in a suit, during his sketches.
Here’s our favorite question from the survey, conducted by the American Express Small Business Monitor, which talked to a nationally representative sample of 626 small-business owners and managers of companies with fewer than 100 employees.
David Tobis, a former City Council aide who had helped create the evaluation system 10 years earlier, delivered a stern warning in 1992.
The team, named after the Kazakh capital, was put together by Vinokourov after he was unable to start last year’s race when several teammates on the Liberty Seguros team were barred for their involvement in the Operation Puerto doping scandal in Spain.
Then, late in the film, as victims of an Israeli strike are being brought in, he is heard to say, “Sometimes I get to pick up the martyrs’ body parts.” His pride is evident, and so is the likelihood of an ever-bleaker future for this part of the world.
Viewed in retrospect, the setting seems less historically western than postapocalyptic.
But there are some oddities afoot.
Joel and Ethan Coen take a hyper-real approach to violence in “No Country for Old Men,” with Josh Brolin as a man who finds a pile of drug money.
They moved slowly on the gently curving path in front of Burruss Hall, pausing to look at the names engraved on 32 distinctive chunks of what is called Hokie Stone.
“Whenever you get a chance to play against the world champions, it’s big,” Smith said.
“They told me that if the silicone implant ruptured, it would kind of coagulate in the breast and you wouldn’t feel it,” she said.
The “lead free” jewelry actually had more lead, on average, than the unmarked sets.
Armed with a metal detector and an old map, he undertakes the quest, which eventually leads him to a Costco where he imagines he has pinpointed the cache buried six feet under the concrete floor.
The Falcons (1-6) are off this week, but Joey Harrington will reclaim the starting job.
The bridegroom, 32, is a real estate investor in Charleston, S.C., and also races stock cars.
NASA gets to collect scientific data on some flights of those jets, which in addition to the Boeing 767-200 includes two Gulfstream Vs. “It was an opportunity for us to defray some of the fixed costs we have to maintain the airfield as well as to have flights of opportunity for our science missions,” said Steven Zornetzer, associate director for institutions and research at the Ames Center.
Enlightened curators, like Alfred Lichtwark at the Hamburg Kunsthalle, and art dealers like Paul Durand-Ruel in Paris, helped prepare the ground for the eventual victory of Modernism’s disorganized troops.
It sounded as if overcaffeinated dancers were knocking over furniture during the frenzied Irish jig that opened the Piano Quartet No.
The house, built in 1891 in the so-called Jacobethan style, is the rich backdrop for the first half of “Atonement,” the Joe Wright movie based on Ian McEwan’s novel, starring Keira Knightley and James McAvoy.
“I wouldn’t stay here if I weren’t enjoying it, and I’m really privileged to have this job.” He looked at me earnestly.
But three last night ended up as goals by Nik Antropov, who had the second three-goal game of his seven-year career.
“Is this what the old man envisioned?” he said.
Edgar drew, and became a noted architect: professor at M.I.T.
And while it’s not yet clear how age-worthy wines will evolve under screw caps, the question remains: Why would anybody want to risk corked wines?
Two new exhibitions showcase their views of their cultures, captured in prints.
Their building wasn’t even near a coin laundry, so they spent at least $20 every week for pickup and drop-off service.
But even for him there are the occasional surprises.
Councilman Leroy G. Comrie Jr., the Queens Democrat who sponsored the measure, said that people who use the word ''are disrespecting their history, disrespecting the history of a people and a country and also putting themselves in a negative light that we need to correct.''
Indeed, where would the city be without its grandiose collapses?
To her, it was an “evocative object,” a “companion to emotion, and a provocation to thought.” She looked beyond what the computer could do for us to what it might do to us, as individuals and as a society.
He is courtly, clever and accommodating in ways that make him understandably popular on such occasions.
Excluding commissions paid to advertising partners, a widely followed measure of the company’s performance, revenue was $3.01 billion, about $70 million higher than analysts expected.
Use different kinds of wood.
A major indicator of spending — orders for nonmilitary capital goods, excluding aircraft — fell 2.3 percent, suggesting that consumers are reluctant to make bigger discretionary purchases.
Opponents of the regulations had argued that the city could not restrict dancing in bars and restaurants because dance was a form of speech protected by the Constitution.
For example, it can’t print directly onto blank CDs, scan slides or connect to a network.
In an interview before yesterday’s service, his mother, Saipin Vidhyarkorn, was asked about his sacrifice for the United States.
“We’ve become good friends and can call each other at any time.” Most of the people who presently have houses at Arizona Sky Village bought them prefabricated and had them shipped and then assembled on their lots.
In 1783, the Steuben House was presented to Baron von Steuben in gratitude for his assistance to the colonies during the American Revolution.
The steaks and the conversation.
“She’s way smarter than me, way, way smarter than me, and most of the actors I’ve worked with,” Mr. Daniels said of Ms. Sidibe.
“But their attitude does not allow them to admit their mistake, and so they have to convey it in other words,” the news agency quoted him as saying.
The professor, Nadia Abu El-Haj, who is of Palestinian descent, has been at Barnard since 2002 and has won many awards and grants, including a Fulbright scholarship and fellowships at Harvard and the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, N.J. Barnard has already approved her for tenure, officials said, and forwarded its recommendation to Columbia University, its affiliate, which has the final say.
SUPPORT FOR VICK An N.A.A.C.P.
Emily Eisen-Berkeley, a daughter of Margaret M. Eisen of Darien, Conn., and Joseph W. Berkeley of Osterville, Mass., was married last evening to Alexander Jann Wenner, a son of Jane Wenner and Jann S. Wenner, both of New York.
Then there are those creators who go it alone, like the husband-and-wife team of Phil and Kaja Foglio, who publish “Girl Genius,” about a teenage girl who is heir to a family of mad scientists.
Our guys have to deal with it.
The last time a student died as a result of violent crime on or near the campus was in July 1977, university officials said.
A single by Carlos Beltrán sent Wright to third.
“It was literally falling apart,” said Mr. Endres, 60, who is the director of a nursing home.
REINMAN--Beatrice , artistic to the core.
“There’s something funky in these numbers, but they are what they are.” Joel Prakken, the chairman of the consulting company Macroeconomic Advisers, who developed the A.D.P.
French productivity rose 1.5 percent a year based on total hours worked and 2.2 percent when calculated in terms of hourly output.
When she was 3, she and her older sister were abandoned by their mother, she said.
Mr. Thompson’s supporters see him as the man to fill that void.
And bath time is the bridge between meals.
And the writing frequently stubs its toes on boilerplate speech: “Dyer’s mind raced”; fear “made his heart race”; one character has “a vise grip,” another feels a squeeze like “a vise.” These stock phrases have a numbing effect, particularly when they’re mixed in with more precious writing.
The problem began at 2:15 p.m. Eastern time and trading resumed at 4:05 p.m. after it was resolved, she said.
“We wanted to do something that felt digital, that felt kinetic,” Mr. Rossant said.
But China has also maintained discreet links with opponents of Myanmar’s military rulers and tolerates the activity of some exiled opponents on Chinese soil, the experts said.
It was the longest kick return in N.F.L.
Because some patents were not granted until years after Amgen applied, the patent protection could extend until 2015, longer than the 20 years contemplated by patent law.
Instead she landed a different role.
This fine, underused New York actress, last seen here in John Patrick Shanley’s “Defiance,” plays Katherine Markham, known as Kit (the Bette Davis part), a worldly middle-aged novelist in Greenwich Village of slim but critically acclaimed output and rather more love affairs.
“I don’t know why she did that,” Goodrich said.
Not surprisingly, an entrancing suite from the Harry Potter films had young people throughout Avery Fisher Hall sitting bolt upright in their seats.
“In a way, ‘Atonement’ is a movie about the death of youth,” Ms. Knightley said in a telephone interview.
The fact that she was my cousin was not taken into consideration.
Each bottle has the patient’s name displayed at the very top.
Paper gift bags served as collection plates.
“We’ll see what happens.” Castillo takes the roster spot of Carlos Beltrán, who as expected was placed on the 15-day disabled list with a strained left oblique muscle.
Yet his review of the Zadroga autopsy could help the city defend itself against the suits brought by more than 8,000 ground zero workers who say they became ill after working at the trade center site, said Michael Palladino, president of the Detectives’ Endowment Association.
“In no other state would the fact that a district attorney strongly supports the death penalty immediately translate into more executions.” Texas courts, moreover, speed the process along, said Jordan M. Steiker, a law professor at the University of Texas who has represented death-row inmates.
The truck had been leased by Orica, a company that transports explosives for the mining industry in the state.
Other suggestions include washing hands often, using your own yoga mat, showering with flip-flops, and using multiple towels if they are being used to wipe down machines.
Until the store closes at 1 in the morning, cool-looking teenagers mill about, some of them with wallet-chains and skateboards, some of them with combat boots and blazing Mohawks.
The chairwoman, Orly Daniell, said “My Way” was fitting because of her father, Isaac Tshuva, 59, an Israeli dealmaker who climbed to No.
Between classes and auditions, each offered a sympathetic ear.
Mrs. Edwards’s illness is more than a mere issue to be dealt with on the campaign trail, like Rudolph W. Giuliani’s three marriages, these political experts say.
On Wednesday afternoon she argued the wooden pipe’s case with a program of Baroque works at the Frick Collection .
; L INDA LOUDERMILK LINEN CAPE WITH RECLAIMED NETTING AND RECYCLED BEAD HOOD.
In moving images the charcoal becomes a tool that almost literally burrows through South African history and human consciousness.
So what does race really start to mean when you add all that up?
Her father retired as a senior vice president and a deputy general counsel at Time Warner, the media business in New York.
You mean I love my child just because she’s got my genes?
has already approved that deal.
Unlike the situation in France, where the far-right National Front leader Jean-Marie Le Pen campaigned for president in the spring alongside black and ethnic Arab supporters, the SVP has taken a much cruder us-against-them approach.
“Here was a boy,” Cheryl thinks approvingly, “who could help her burn the school down.” In the annals of Great American Places to get lost to find yourself — Huck’s river, Ishmael’s sea, Dean Moriarty’s open road — space should be made for the gloriously bombed-out punk rock scene, whether on the Lower East Side or in West Hollywood or in Dinkytown, Minneapolis.
“I was, like, whatever, let’s move.” They also considered the Clock Tower, a converted piano factory in the South Bronx.
Burris said he was retained by Bonds last summer to consider civil actions against Bonds’s critics, notably Boston pitcher Curt Schilling and Kimberly Bell, a former girlfriend of Bonds’s.
The dampening of the housing market in recent months, however, could lead some people to stay.
Her belated confession that she is an angel who has no memory of her former earthly identity comes as no surprise.
“Football here is life.” On Friday night, Crutchfield sat down to dinner at a restaurant in Belle Chasse, La.
That’s a shame, and that should change.
Donations in her memory may be made to the Merrie Hevrdejs and Richard H. Clarke Cancer Research Endowment with checks to the Yale Cancer Center, 157 Church Street, New Haven, CT 06510.
The bride’s first marriage ended in divorce, as did the bridegroom’s.
Dennis J. Goldford a political science professor at Drake University in Des Moines, said Mr. Edwards’s tax plan is “consistent with his populist image of going after the wealthy and helping the poor.” But, he cautioned, “he’s got to be careful, everyone wants to be rich.” The Edwards campaign said that after paying for the programs outlined yesterday, Mr. Edwards’s tax plan would generate an extra $50 billion a year that could be used for other social programs like his health care proposal.
There is the issue of being found out, at which point a child might not trust new foods the parents present.
“That’s what makes it exciting.
One preschool teacher said that at about 2 p.m. every day the girl came to life, “as if the medication Rebecca was on was wearing off,” according to the documents.
Condolences may be sent to the Toner family, 269 Gernants Church Rd., Leesport, PA 19533.
''I saw an opening,'' Delgado said.
The Brookings Institution estimates that multinational companies are using overseas tax shelters to lower their payments to the Treasury by about $50 billion a year.
I’m doing my utmost to prevent the dying of this essential American art form.
“She reached across the bed and embraced him awkwardly,” Mr. Faber writes, “like a member of the Royal Family embracing a deformed child.” Along with every one of the main characters here, Andy reaches some point of change by the end of the story.
“It’s the same thing as saying to a kid, ‘You can’t hang out in video arcades, because someone might try to come and get you,’ ” Mr. Thierer said.
Relief workers “have a mammoth task to alleviate the sufferings of this vast number of Iraqis,” a draft report on the Red Crescent figures says.
The top 13 terrors led to rooms dedicated to aquaphobia (fear of water or drowning), coulrophobia (fear of clowns) and 11 other fears.
But prospects for a significant change in Iraq policy still face major obstacles.
“The citizens of Los Angeles have the constitutional right to decide whether their school board is to be appointed or elected,” the appeals court wrote in its decision.
(Tonight and tomorrow night at 9 and 10:30, Jazz Gallery, 290 Hudson Street, at Spring Street, South Village, 212-242-1063, jazzgallery.org; cover, $15, $10 for members.)
The city’s companies also have more women than those in the Valley.
Doris Lessing will never be confused with the Internet’s exhibitionist personality Tila Tequila, but winning the Nobel Prize in Literature in October helped Ms. Lessing’s status on MySpace.
The letter begins by resorting to the timeless disguise of the advice-seeker.
Without financial incentives to provide treatments that are known to work, many mental health professionals stick with what they know, or pick up on the latest fad, or even introduce their own untested innovations — which in turn are spread by testimonials and credulous news media coverage.
For example, ThinkPad notebook computers are now made by a Chinese company, Lenovo, but a lot of Lenovo’s research and development is conducted in North Carolina.
Heinrich fils , a professor emeritus of biology at the University of Vermont, is best known for his groundbreaking books on raven intelligence (“Ravens in Winter” and “Mind of the Raven”) and for his study of physiological stamina based on his exploits as an ultramarathoner (“Why We Run”).
He had been a head coach at three Indiana colleges, and he had served as the top assistant in Bloomington in 2005 and 2006, filling in for Hoeppner when he was ill.
Mr. Brescio is a graduate of the French Culinary Institute in Manhattan, and worked at Judson Grill in Manhattan in 1999 to 2000.
Some sold balls of qiviut, the fine, soft underbelly fiber from the musk ox, for $50 each; others sold felted cloches and pointy hats, spindles, spinning wheels, and bags upon bags of fleeces and of roving, thick lengths of wool ready to spin.
The Upper East Side (from 59th to 96th Streets and Fifth Avenue to the East River) contains the city’s most exclusive residences, private schools and social clubs.
In the Bloomberg administration, Dr. Thomas R. Frieden is as close as it gets.
In an interview Ms. Stonesifer, co-chairwoman of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, said of the report, “It’s never easy to do this kind of self examination, and we wish we’d been doing it on an ongoing basis.” “But it is what it is,” she added.
“He said the kind of money that K. G. makes is really bothersome for him and that the town was not big enough for both of them,” Kevin McHale, the Timberwolves’ vice president for basketball operations, said of Marbury at the time.
On Oct. 5, investigators visited three pharmacies in Wisconsin and found OneTouch packages with a lot number not created by the company’s plants.
New voting technology was introduced during the election, and it was not without glitches.
AmerGen officials said the argument was beside the point.
Helicopter crashes make up more than half of the 150.
This ''novel in words and pictures,'' published by Scholastic last winter, became a children's best seller.
“There was kind of a vibe going on,” Ms. Whitney recalled.
Emmanuel Ellorian, a waiter in Dubai, said Western Union agents came to the hotel where he worked and processed the transfers there.
It came to the table raw and purple inside, like very tough sushi.
The lack of an “explosive outbreak” to date should not be interpreted to indicate that the likelihood of such an event has decreased.
American officials barred the informally adopted orphans, and the family was permanently sundered.
On July 18, the sellers will open the bids and select the highest, if it’s high enough, Ms. Saatchi said.
Stephen J. Hadley, the American national security adviser who is currently visiting the region, met with Mr. Olmert immediately after the meeting, Israeli officials said.
All this has raised concerns about the impact ship waste could have on coastal waters.
But her biography has greater ambitions, too.
Of all the players who declined to speak with him, Mitchell said, the one whose reticence was most understandable was Bonds’s.
“Why wouldn’t it?” said first baseman Doug Mientkiewicz, who saved two runs with a diving defensive stab in the first inning.
Few set out with fruit growing in mind, but when an enticing old farmhouse comes with trees already in the ground, many succumb to its charm.
To the Editor: Re “ ‘Top Chef’ Dreams Crushed by Student Loan Debt” (front page, May 8): Our daughter has learned the hard way about going into debt to the tune of almost $20,000, and now barely makes a living wage working in a good restaurant.
Jason Post, a spokesman for Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, said, “We look forward to reviewing their heartfelt suggestions.” Firefighter Graffagnino’s mother, Rosemarie Graffagnino, said she did not think she agreed with the decision to reassign three senior fire officers who officials said did not do enough to either inspect the building, or to plan for fighting a fire inside.
The chairman post also gives him the chance to repair his legacy.
Indeed, Mrs. Longworth survived for almost another decade, sticking around to oppose Jimmy Carter’s effort to give away her father’s boldest accomplishment, the Panama Canal.
We went back to BP and said rather than doing a separate game we could incorporate this into what we were then calling SimCity 5.” The executives said that BP engineers had consulted with the programmers in designing the power and pollution models in the games and in attempting to make them reflect real trade-offs.
He glanced at the clock.
(Mr. Brannon titled an earlier series of posters “A Pessimistic Production.”) “Pigs, Like Us” features silhouette images of office supplies (paper clips, pencils, Post-its) and an iPod — emblems of the white-collar worker — rendered in crisp, atomic-era advertising colors: red, black and sky blue.
So now we have the Henricksons’ house.
“Win’s job will be a full-time job.” According to people briefed on Citigroup’s decision, Mr. Pandit was selected for his strategic thinking and risk management skills.
Until 1997, his father was a managing partner, the treasurer and the secretary at New Dominion Insurance Group, in Canton, and is now a consultant to the company.
The modernist- Baroque-tango music is by Yuri Khanon; the dance emphasis is on the ballerina, pulling away from and returning to her partner with accumulating intensity.
6; and Beethoven’s Quartet No.
Indra K. Nooyi, the chief executive of PepsiCo, attended the Yale School of Management, and Sidney Taurel, the chief of Eli Lilly who was born in Morocco, attended Columbia Business School.
“It’s hugely unpopular,” said Representative Michael Arcuri, a first-term Democrat from central New York whom Republicans hope to defeat next year.
Yet often a bogus note was accepted with a knowing wink.
The index finished down 51.70 points, or 0.4 percent, at 13,543.40.
But even poems that seem clever the first time around dissolve, upon rereading, from simple to merely obvious.
So the learning taking place here was not Leo’s ability to keep track of which student believed what, since that skill had been programmed into the robot.
So are “doozy,” “hokum,” “humdinger,” “jerk,” “punk,” “swanky,” “grifter,” “bailiwick,” “sap,” “mug,” “wallop,” “helter-skelter,” “shack,” “shanty,” “slob,” “slacker” and “knack.” Mr. Cassidy chatted with an Irish-born worker at O’Lunney’s, Ronan O’Reilly, 21, who said he grew up in County Meath speaking Irish.
In this way, hydro acts as a form of storage for wind energy — addressing one of wind power’s biggest shortcomings.
One protester, Do Yea Kim, a Korean immigrant who worked for 17 years at the salon, 167 Nail Plaza, has filed a lawsuit accusing the salon of not paying her overtime and not giving her lunch breaks, as required by state law.
Contributions to St. Joseph's Hospital Foundation, 703 Main St, Paterson, NJ 07503.
Page acknowledges some ill-advised outcomes.
This pattern of Latin learning continued for more than 150 years.
“Those are very unfounded reports,” said Bereket Simon, special adviser to the Ethiopian prime minister, Meles Zenawi.
Which you would know if you lived here.
A decade before, every household with pretensions to any sophistication had to have the original-cast album of “My Fair Lady.” The cast album of “Hair” was similarly a must-have for the middle classes.
The 37 postcards displayed here include scenes of life and death in the trenches, of a military hospital, of fellow soldiers, of a battlefield planted with crosses.
(Home distilling is still against the law, largely because of the safety hazards of working with flammable liquids.
They performed “burnouts” — clamping on the brakes and nailing the gas until clouds of smoke shot from their tailpipes and rose over the crowd like the fake fog at a rock concert.
WITH: Ricardo Trepa (King Sebastião), Luís Miguel Cintra (Simão, Holy Cobbler) and Glória de Matos (Queen Catarina).
But New York, notorious for its cutthroat pace of pedestrian traffic, has approached countdown signals with more of a saunter.
“We like to take walks, and it is not the kind of neighborhood where you wanted to take walks,” Mr. Hanover, 26, said.
Olé!” Ms. Tung shows six images from her “light writing” series, in which she scrawled in light on photographs ranging from a still life of a park bench to an image of a closed-up shop that she embellished with a heart-shaped graffito.
The Labor Department has signaled its interest in changes by soliciting public comments.
(The mother is optional but helps strengthen the results, the company says.)
The really interesting script is what people are willing to put up with.” “Young love is about wanting to be happy,” she said.
She spits, growls and grimaces to no avail — he still sees only what he wants to see.
John O’Rourke, general manager of Microsoft’s Windows Mobile business, said he was skeptical about the ease with which Google would be able to become a major force in the smartphone market.
“Dude, for $400, I can buy a real Windows laptop,” they say.
The coffee comes from local growers.
So does Rabbi Ovadia Yosef, who, despite his softness on converts, has found financial backers for his theocratic Shas Party.
Drink too strong?” Ann Talman’s Minka, who quickly reveals herself to be not just a killer but a serial offender as well, gets to show the audience the juiciest of these individuals: a vicious wife decreeing that there will be no memorial service for her just-deceased mother-in-law, since “she didn’t have any friends here anyway”; a cynical nurse plying a widower with sex and drugs in the expectation that “he can’t live forever”; and most ornate of all, a honey-dripping Southerner who writes murder mysteries and seems to have written the one in which Minka is starring.
The rest is pure, traditional, delightful BlackBerry.
A committee appointed by Abu Dhabi’s government will administer acquisitions and commissions with the aim of building a collection of modern and contemporary art for the museum, officials said.
He had one error and nine passed balls in 106 games.
Many families are combining their vacation with community service.
The nation’s leading effort to build a coal-fired electric plant that will capture and store its carbon emissions will take a shaky step forward on Tuesday, when the consortium building it announces a location for the $1.5 billion plant.
“This is a great thing for us,” said Jenni Thurman, a senior at Liberty and editor of The Liberty Champion, the university’s newspaper.
That honorary Italian Plácido Domingo also excelled as Chénier.
By all accounts, Charles is a gracious soul, a true gentleman.
And Mr. Rosenblum has distribution plans for most of its new digital entertainment.
But, she predicted that prices would continue to decline for the next two years before stabilizing.
Large redevelopment projects most commonly occur in urban areas, Mr. Otteau noted, adding that it is more common to find a skewed price in cities than in suburbs.
Nearly two months ago, an internationally-supported transitional government ousted the Islamist forces and steamed into Mogadishu, the capital, with great expectations.
But no, these people are everywhere, shrouded by their mostly black umbrellas from the lovely snow.
After Moises was told of his father’s plans, he paused between bites of his omelet and, with a knowing smile, said, “I’ll believe it when I see it.”
We weren’t assertive enough.” The Devils are opening the season with a nine-game trip, which will allow construction of their arena in Newark to be completed for the home opener Oct. 27 against Ottawa.
Then they take off the masks and sing of their private longings and sorrows.
WowWee, whose previous creations include the robotic toy Robosapien, is also working on a radio-controlled vehicle for release this year that walks on four spidery, multijointed legs.
Next year, because of Leary and Parnell, that number should increase to 14.
“I have spent a lot of time analyzing my own games,” Kraai said.
Under Mr. Richardson, New Mexico, long ranked near the bottom of almost every social index, has made advances.
Pitchfork draws what may be the most studious, even analytical crowd of any American rock festival.
I left feeling like this had been a mistake.” That fall, he was assigned to a public school in San Jose, Calif., where, for the length of the first year, he felt in over his head.
But Britain ’s ever alert, ever cynical tabloids quickly dredged up some fishy details, including the possibility that Mr. Darwin, a prison officer, might well have amassed considerable debt before disappearing.
Aaron Brady, a director at the consulting firm Cambridge Energy Research Associates, said the current market problems could worsen if combined with other “unintended consequences that may be lurking” from increased ethanol production.
While you can just choose a song and play, it’s more fun to go on tour.
“Confidence is the indispensable basis of all sorts of business transactions,” the protagonist says.
O Lord, how are we going to be ridiculed now?
The figures shown in the chart are the annual rates of change over the 15 months since the peak, with the fastest rate of decline in the Tampa, Fla., region.
DINING Breakfast Grab a high-octane latte made with locally roasted coffee and a muffin and join the locals on the comfy couches at the Alpine Internet Cyber Cafe (738 Main Street; 435-649-0051; www.alpineinternet.net ).
suspension for violating probation on a gun charge.
Her youth was behind her, New York’s Beaux-Arts construction boom was over, and Ms. Munson wrote that “a man prominent in the theatrical world” (she never named names) had decided to ruin her career after she resisted his advances.
navigation systems, trailed off in December.
The Big Cypress National Preserve is just to the north on a tract that narrowly escaped being developed as Miami's international airport in the 70s.
Ronny Paulino singled in the go-ahead run during a three-run eighth inning yesterday, and the host Pittsburgh Pirates defeated the Brewers, 7-4.
Last week the Institute of Classical Architecture and Classical America, a nonprofit group based in New York City, and Habitat for Humanity completed the first of several low-cost houses they are collaborating on to ''bring better architecture to the realm of affordable housing,'' said Paul Gunther, the institute's president.
Looking more like a lumberjack than a punk rocker, with his bushy beard and ever-present flannel shirt, Mr. Kristal cut an unusual figure as the paterfamilias of the noisy downtown music scene.
The bride and the bridegroom both work in Washington.
has effectively blessed the anti-shareholder approach.
Thad Ide, Riddell’s vice president for research and development, who was listed as the fourth author of the helmet study, said in a telephone interview that the foam cushioning inside reconditioned helmets did not degrade after the thousands of impacts it might withstand over several seasons, which he said made the comparison with new helmets reasonable.
Many economists, including some forecasters at the Federal Reserve, predict that economic growth will slow to an annual pace of 1.5 percent or less in the final months of this year.
Sometimes, as the old saying goes, it's better to be lucky than good.
In Mammoth , in California, the Westin Monache (760-934-2526; www.westinmammoth.com ) just opened with 230 luxury units, becoming the biggest piece of the new Village at Mammoth to be completed since the Starwood Capital Group bought a majority interest in the resort.
Even dramas that don’t take counterterrorist tactics too seriously, like “Bones” on Fox or “NCIS” on CBS, balance goofy secondary characters (the leering, pedantic chief medical examiner on “NCIS” is played by David McCallum, who starred as Illya Kuryakin in “The Man From U.N.C.L.E.”) with revolting corpses and grisly terrorist plots.
Vera Wang Lavender Label jacket, price on request.
It was part of a demonstration intended to promote the Jersey Shore as a vacation destination.
I didn’t immediately connect Mr. Sethi to all these things because I’d heard of each one separately.
“It’s like it was four weeks ago,” Randolph said, referring to their sweep in Philadelphia.
Among his many retirement activities, Jim was an active supporter of Project Liberty Ship and its restoration of the John W. Brown on which he served during WWII.
The Giants have not announced whether Ross would supplant either Sam Madison or Corey Webster when the Giants play at Washington on Sunday.
Mr. Stein’s fuss-free “Electra” bears this out, illustrating in its clarity and focus the rewards — and perhaps a measure of the hazards too — of strict textual fidelity.
He said is he trying not to curse anymore.
And his hat is always on backward.
61010 Twentynine Palms Highway, Joshua Tree; (760) 366-2519.
To the Editor: Re “For $82 a Day, Booking a Cell in a 5-Star Jail” (front page, April 29): Do society’s “haves” deserve easier punishment than its “have-nots?” Apparently California believes so.
Demographically, the aging baby boom generation, gadget-friendly since the days of the Pocket Fisherman , the foldable fishing rod and reel advertised on television, is discovering new uses for doohickeys that make life easier as boomers age.
Eric Mangini joked that the Jets would send the Eagles vintage game film of the Titans.
The Indian collagist C. K. Rajan; the Beninese sculptor Romuald Hazoumé; Jo Spence (1932-94), documenting her furious battle with cancer; Cosima von Bonin, with her blank, goofy, templelike installation; Atul Dodiya, with an illustrated book of poetry wrapping around a room; Bela Kolarova, with jewel-like assemblages from the 1960s; Florian Pumhosl, with his spare evocation of utopian painting of the past; Charlotte Posenenske (1930-85), with sculptures shaped like heating ducts; Ms. Leonard, with dozens of photographs of shop window displays and sidewalk sales, evidence of how cultural worlds at once come together and dissolve before our eyes.
You just assume it takes a good shot to shoot a good take.
He is survived by his wife of 35 years, Virginia, his sons Zachary and Travis and daughter Cecily, his parents Jane and Harold V.B.
“Hopefully, I can get a bat.
Catcher Ramón Castro, who was filling in for the injured starter Paul Lo Duca, left the game in the fourth inning with back pain.
“It’s not dead, and it’s not alive.
“The left’s unity of cause has allowed the Democrats to feed and use a motivated activist base,” Mr. Henke said.
Dinner: appetizers $8 to $13, entrees $22 to $34, desserts $5 to $8.
In fact, it’s hurting us, and it’s not part of our campaign.
Last week, he flew to Baghdad, the capital of a war-torn country he had not been to in a decade.
“It’s not pronounced HER-meez,” says Gene.
“There is only one way.” He arrived in New York as a scholarship student with the Joffrey Ballet, then performed with the Eglevsky Ballet.
It also is a smuggling route.
A sculpture of one particular person is a very literal, realist version coming back to life, and the idea of who is making the person come back to life is very important.” In this sense, the case of the King memorial is not unique.
In the end, the major indexes managed gains for the week, with the Dow rising 1.03 percent and the S.& P. 500 and the Nasdaq each adding 0.35 percent.
Radicalizing currents are such that people see “this opportunity may not materialize again,” Burns argued.
Such musings, embroidered with the personal, are a critical element of “placeblogs” like Only the Blog Knows Brooklyn, whose writers frequently and sometimes obsessively punch point-of-view histories into their laptops to yield sites that document everything from a neighborhood’s significant quakes to its slightest tremors.
“Genuine charisma,” Weber wrote, “is absolutely opposed to this objectified form.” If he is right, then charisma is a form of transgression, not of faith or discipleship.
Boards are generally given 20 or 30 days in which to exercise their right of first refusal, but the clock restarts at zero with each new request for additional information.
“Look at the colon cancer and breast cancer story.
Contributions in lieu of flowers may be made to New York University School of Law in Stuart Pringle's name.
But the defining feature is the kind of back-and-forth that Mr. Romney demands before decisions.
“There is no money in the government treasury,” Mr. Karzai said.
“You owe me $300,” he snarled, shaking with each word.
Instead of measuring a product’s carbon footprint through food miles alone, the Lincoln University scientists expanded their equations to include other energy-consuming aspects of production — what economists call “factor inputs and externalities” — like water use, harvesting techniques, fertilizer outlays, renewable energy applications, means of transportation (and the kind of fuel used), the amount of carbon dioxide absorbed during photosynthesis, disposal of packaging, storage procedures and dozens of other cultivation inputs.
The plan is, as a Times editorial put it yesterday, “too little, too late and too voluntary.” But from the administration’s point of view these failings aren’t bugs, they’re features.
They group several dozen pie recipes by season, and follow them with recipes for savory pies, deep-dish crisps and crumbles, dumplings and fried pies, cream pies, ice cream pies, sauces and toppings.
They occurred with at least tacit approval from American officials.
I was super, super fit.
No problems were found on the Tappan Zee Bridge between Rockland and Westchester Counties or the Kingston-Rhinecliff Bridge, which links Ulster and Dutchess Counties, the report said.
But it also has a too easy, been-there air.
When he sprinted to the lead in the 10,000, he remembered some incredulous looks from his opponents, most of whom did not know who he was.
The Yankees made one move official on Monday, finalizing their two-year, $4 million contract with backup catcher Jose Molina and designating infielder Andy Phillips for assignment.
In 1865 she was severely beaten for refusing to leave a whites-only car on a train from Philadelphia to New York.
It’s just reality.” Schilling has been one of the best postseason pitchers of his era, with a 9-2 record and a 2.23 earned run average.
The National Organization for Women endorsed Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, Democrat of New York, for president and pledged to raise money for her from its 500,000 members.
At least on this planet.
But with all of those files and customized settings on the old computer, switching over is no simple task.
A small selection of drawings and figures from the DreamWorks studio are shown alongside his final drawings for the 1990 book that later inspired the film.
Beneath the rubbery skin are nine motors for head movements and facial gestures, including four levers dedicated to the upper lip for that signature sneer.
When we lived in Italy some time ago, a doctor came to our farmhouse rental on Easter Sunday morning to diagnose a stomach ailment.
In “Microtrends,” the chapters all read like reports that Mr. Penn wrote for clients.
A resident of Shakkardarra described the execution of the four security officers: Masked men armed with rocket-propelled grenades and assault rifles brought the four men to their village around 5 p.m., fired a few shots into the air and then beheaded them.
No pitcher in 52 years had as long a layoff between starts before starting in a World Series.
Every room has a different color scheme — gray wallpaper accented with teal velvet; stripes of blood red and orange; black and taupe.
There were uprisings in Harlem.
This year’s free three-day festival of electronic and interactive music, waggishly called “Beyond the Machine 7.0,” and subtitled “The Eye/Ear Collaboration,” began on Wednesday night in the Clark Studio Theater, a black-box space in the Rose Building at Lincoln Center.
Mr. Shaibani accused the security forces of causing the trouble by opening fire on pilgrims and Sadrists.
When she began her television career on WGBH-TV in Boston at 50, “Julia had no gift for artifice: she could perform but she couldn’t pretend.” Shapiro astutely observes that on the show, “even the food seemed to be a live, spontaneous participant.
The third may never be if Federer keeps playing like Federer on English grass.
For lack of a municipal building, the town committee people and the clerk work from home.
And revelations that the North Koreans had been cheating on their 1994 commitment to abandon nuclear weapons made manifest the fraud underlying that “breakthrough.” Seven years into the Bush presidency, however, what was old is new again.
John Johnson, 53, who sells medical products to drug stores and lives in San Francisco, finds that retailers have livened up their stores to be more alluring.
I saw Cohen turn away, wrenching his face in what looked like the empathetic cringe men make.
That completed a double play.
Aaron told The Associated Press on Monday that his refusal to comment on Bonds was his comment.
“I wasn’t able to do that.
They used the figures of Arabic poetry but enriched them with Biblical allusion; their poetry glances in opposite directions simultaneously.
Hint: The motto, as its utopian terseness instantly leads you to suspect, is a translation from the German.
There was heavy gas credit card use, which was not tracked with the actual mileage on the car.” As a result, Brookhaven is having employees fill up at a town service center, not commercial gas stations, to reduce costs.
The larger question on the senators’ minds was whether private colleges and universities are abusing the public trust.
Those subsidies have since been stopped.
“AOL’s leadership in this space was theirs to lose years ago, and they did lose it,” said Shar VanBoskirk, an analyst at Forrester Research.
“We’re still exploring the outer boundaries of human ecology,” he says.
For example, aides said he did not support a federal version of the Massachusetts requirement that individuals obtain insurance.
Traders panicked; hedge funds evaporated overnight.
Two other Mid-Continent league schools will drop to the next and lowest class, eight-man football.
“With the criticism, you have to be able to not get too high or too low,” Rollins said.
“What’s so astonishing about these women is, every book they got and sold they actually read,” she said.
It fetched a high bid of $646,000, about $60,000 more than the last mortgage on the property.
Over the years, they have pocketed millions in compensation, based largely upon loans that probably should never have been made.
This time, they were there to ask about his campaign woes.
And the restaurants around it come to life.
As has been the case so far this season, Boston’s Big Three came through.
Alvarez, the chief executive of Grupo Aloymex, a producer of fuel tanks in Mexico City, took on another responsibility two years ago.
SAR Academy mourns the death of Dr. Marsha Winokur, beloved educational advisor, school psychologist, and dear friend.
When the nation observes the 50th anniversary of the Little Rock school desegregation on Monday, there will undoubtedly be a great deal said about Bates, who was head of the city’s N.A.A.C.P.
Critics have questioned whether Mr. Corzine and Ms. Katz could impartially negotiate union contracts, seizing on the fact that he forgave a mortgage to her worth nearly $500,000, and gave her what has been reported as a break-up package worth millions of dollars.
In 2006 Mr. Hasen, his wife and the other tenants of a five-story building at 7 Dutch Street near the South Street Seaport made news when they organized against their landlord’s attempt to evict them from the rent-regulated lofts they had occupied for more than 30 years.
Since the new year began, a burst of activity has broken out in Manhattan and several Brooklyn neighborhoods as New Yorkers frenetically hunt for co-ops, condominiums and town houses, sending prices higher despite sluggish sales in many other cities.
It was a great relief to swing into undiluted Eifman, in extended snippets from six ballets (“Who’s Who,” “The Karamazovs,” “Anna Karenina, “Don Quixote,” “Don Juan & Molière” and his 1977 “DoubleVoice,” an American premiere, all set to big, familiar music).
The kitchen has stainless steel appliances.
Opening a theater wasn’t always his and Mr. Fink’s intention, though, Mr. Clark said one recent Sunday morning, as he sat on the comfy couch in their loft above the theater and sipped rewarmed coffee.
The companies agreed to eliminate copyright-infringing content uploaded by Web users and to block any pirated material before it is publicly accessible.
The former Steelers running backs coach Dick Hoak recently told The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette that the Steelers once received a suspicious videotape by mistake from an opposing team during a routine tape exchange.
The Chopin is not a place to come if you have a lot of luggage and expect doorman treatment.
He owned a motion picture studio in Manhattan.
“I thought to myself, an opportunity like this doesn’t happen very often in life,” Mr. Newton said.
She wanted me to get this carved wooden rhinoceros.
Thrown Into Question The Falcons and the Jaguars will meet in a game between teams that changed their starting quarterbacks in the preseason.
She’s really shocked at how devastatingly effective the defamation was.” For anyone who bothered to look for it, Ms. Almontaser left a clear, public record of interfaith activism and outreach across the boundaries of race, ethnicity and religion.
If American companies could achieve the right balance between grass-roots initiative and centralized control, between the pursuit of noble missions and quarterly profits, the results could be a management system that would be very hard for competitors to copy.
: UB: book unknown to me; SB: book I have skimmed; HB: book I have heard about; and FB: book I have forgotten.
The study appears in the current issue of The Journal of the American Geriatrics Society.
Mr. Buffett has sold almost half of his holding this year, according to calculations based on filings and Berkshire’s annual report.
Sale and Pelletier won pairs gold amid scandal at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Once those festivals are over, we will be approaching the outdoor film season.
Mrs. Weicker, 28, is an account supervisor at Carat, an advertising firm in New York.
A ray of sunshine to all who knew her.
As is so often the case in King, the horror without is merely a manifestation of the evil within — in this case, as it turns out, paranoia and religious extremism — but it’s horror nonetheless.
Design has moved on from the sleekness of the late 1990s and the romanticism of the early 2000s toward a soulful surrealism.
Republicans and Democrats both die in war.” By being the fiercest Republican skeptic of the White House, Mr. Hagel acknowledged that his ambitions were also enmeshed in the politics of Iraq.
For example, Mormons have three books of Scripture other than the Bible, including the Book of Mormon, which Mormons believe was translated from golden plates discovered in 1827 by Joseph Smith Jr., the church’s founder and first prophet.
No, it is meal assembly, a strange phrase, but one that has become increasingly popular in the last several years.
Oct. 17: The Friends of the Costume Institute at the Metropolitan Museum of Art held a talk and slide show on Elsie de Wolfe, connecting fashion with decorating, given by the antiques dealer Louis Bofferding at the Charlotte Moss town house.
Mr. Brim chose the latter.
But after only two weeks, Adm. William J. Crowe Jr. undermined my intended message.
“It’s very common and popular in the press to view Google and Verizon at each other’s throats," Mr. McAdam said.
And I’m proud to have had a 100 percent pro-life voting record.
There are some lovely moments between Self and the young woman, a platonic flirtation that’s touching precisely because they can’t leave the claims of their day-to-day lives behind.
“But you like what you’re hearing and I can’t wait to see him.
Her father retired as the director of funded programs for the Ocean Hill-Brownsville School District in Brooklyn.
After Ms. Henie’s final tour, Mr. Walsh retired from professional skating.
This makes for both a more informed audience and a better film.
“A lot of times there are not enough resources to manage all them,” Sayres said.
He is survived by his loving wife, Dorothy Hector Roessner, of Spring Lake, and their six children: D. Anne Roessner Atherton (and her husband Rick Atherton) of Nantucket, MA; Martha M. Roessner of Brandford, CT; Gilbert G. Roessner Jr. (and his wife Sue Roessner) of Basking Ridge, NJ; Jane Roessner of Newton Highlands, MA; Barbara T. Roessner of West Hartford, Conn and Katherine K. Roessner of Mystic, CT.
The XLS, which starts around $24,500, also has a Bluetooth cellphone link, automatic climate control and leather seats.
But there seems to be a code about not taking the wild-card spot for granted.
It is scheduled for completion in 2009.
But an Argentine prosecutor, María Luz Rivas Diez, said on Thursday that a passenger on the plane, an Argentine secretary, claimed that Mr. Antonini Wilson was in the presidential palace just two days after he was caught with the cash.
He and his estranged wife, Barbara W. Hearst, are involved in a bitter divorce fight, and her lawyer seemed fascinated when he heard about the transaction.
Barrick Gold dropped $1.98, or 4.8 percent, to $39.25, and Harmony Gold Mining fell 83 cents, or 7 percent, to $11.07.
He studied art in Europe in the mid-’50s, then returned to the United States to work at another gallery while also struggling to make his own name as an artist.
Reagan actually cast himself as this new class’s savior, asking whether Californians would allow “a great university to be brought to its knees by a noisy, dissident minority.” To that, liberals responded that these communities’ unique ability to tolerate noisy, dissident minorities was why universities were great.
He said he feared for the survival of the country.
He later founded Pixo, a software tools firm that created a development system used by Apple software designers to conceive the first version of the user interface for the iPod music player.
GIVEN the accelerated melting these days in Greenland, it’s probably no longer appropriate to use the adjective “glacial” to describe treaty negotiations aimed at curbing dangerous human interference with the climate.
“Considering what happened between 2003 and 2005,” said Robert P. Hartwig, president of the Insurance Information Institute, an industry lobbying group, “and considering that the best meteorological minds are telling us that for the next 15 to 20 years hurricane activity will be heavier than normal, if we didn’t do something to reduce our exposure, we’d be out of business.” In response to a growing torrent of complaints, state officials and lawmakers have lately begun to push back, if gingerly, against the industry, which they see as overreacting to the hurricane threat in the Northeast.
But it's his grandson's final resting place that you've really come all this way for.
Yet it was unclear whether he would accept being chairman without being named chief executive as well.
Mr. Passikoff said he watched the new commercial during the Oscars and “thought to myself, ‘That was so smart.’ ” “They are really going back to their roots,” he said.
“My performances were just completely about keeping my mind together.” He added that he fell asleep onstage during rehearsals more than once.
Overlooking, for a moment, why anyone would want to claim a line doomed to be associated forever with spectacularly bad policy choices, the scribe smackdown is an amazing look inside the White House, and how individuals are trying to extract what little personal victories they can from their time there.
Her father retired as a computer technician for NewYork-Presbyterian/Columbia hospital.
“We no longer went to fight the big boss monsters,” Min said.
But delegations are curious nonetheless about amenities like wireless Internet service, pools, workout rooms and shopping.
But a number of former Dia board members say that they were the ones offended as Riggio’s own anger at Govan’s departure began to show.
Let’s not think about a judicial solution, let’s think about a democratic solution.” Among the ideas he said he will now be thinking about are publicly financed elections and other mechanisms to take special-interest donations out of the system.
“I can’t think of a single country in Europe where operators are not introducing IPTV,” said Tiaan Schutte, vice president for multimedia at the French company Alcatel-Lucent, which makes IPTV components.
Mr. Dorgan said the report highlighted a “serious trade problem” that has also been brought to the public’s attention by recalls for millions of Chinese-made toys in recent months.
General Petraeus said he believed that the United States was meeting most of its military objectives in Iraq.
But he cautioned me not to ground my feet or I might get trapped between piles of rocks and drowned by onrushing currents.
They peer into the cells of death row.
“The ability to pitch and pitch well is there somewhere.
And yet, if we can see past the 600-pound piece of glass and the argon gas within and stare at a space on the map barely an inch long occupied by seven significant letters, you cannot help seeing an “America” that, very briefly, has been shorn of all meaning.
At 0.50 euros apiece, I bought 50 and thus resolved a recurring dinner party woe for the foreseeable future.
On Tuesday, Mr. Deason effectively fired them.
Aside from his monthlong stay on the disabled list earlier this season, Hernández has not complained of any maladies and does not seem as if he will have to miss a start the rest of the way.
Stu Loeser, Mr. Bloomberg’s chief spokesman, did not offer an explanation for the move, but noted that the mayor has been setting up the foundation he plans to use to guide his philanthropy after he leaves office.
He ferries himself and his 15-year-old sister to school, and these days, he often grabs breakfast in the cafeteria.
+ In 2002, the drug industry’s trade group adopted voluntary guidelines limiting some of the more lavish benefits to doctors.
SMITHTOWN Caleb Smith State Park Preserve “Who’s There?” Explore an owl’s life with a short movie, activities and crafts.
The annual report was released by the Confesercenti, an association of small businesses.
Dr. Keenan-Thomson said she attended the village board’s September meeting and told the board the curfew was “a product of a bygone era.” “They shouldn’t be punishing students and adults for something that happened 20 years ago,” she said.
Sri Chinmoy Kumar Ghose was born a Hindu in 1931 in what is now Bangladesh.
He was surprised to find that the poor performance of its stock portfolio was threatening its future ability to make payouts to pensioners.
“We’re going on a safari in the Chelsea zoo!” I nodded, sipping a cappuccino with the affected nonchalance of a novice collector who knows just enough to be a danger to himself and his bank account.
Schaub rallied the Falcons from a 14-point deficit in the first half and a 15-point deficit late in the second half before Tom Brady led the winning drive for the Patriots.
“I brought you a present: bendable Barts,” he taunted.
Wayne Rooney returned for United after missing five weeks with a broken foot.
Mr. Young, 56, said he remained optimistic, even if anxious, about the days ahead.
But China has also struck back at critics who have called Chinese goods shoddy or dangerous, and highlighted problems with the exports of other nations.
“My name means a lot to me, and that was taught to me by my father a long time ago,” Mr. Wallace said.
The energy package, intended to reduce the nation’s dependence on fossil fuels and slow the production of the gases that contribute to global warming , would bring major changes to America’s highways, farms, factories, refineries and power plants.
“A lot of people think all of Broadway is closed,” said Chris Boneau, a spokesman for the Manhattan Theater Club, which is still showing “Mauritius” at the Biltmore.
“The Avandia people, it was just so surprising, they asked me what I wanted to keep Avandia on the formulary,” Dr. Peters said, recounting events that occurred sometime in the 2000-to-2002 period.
They have an undeniable if familiar painterly power, an appropriate sense of nocturnal weirdness and a deft, creaky line that befits the implicit discombobulation of the sculpture.
Vowing that his state would lead the nation, the moderate Republican made his plan the centerpiece of a new “postpartisan” politics.
When the United States loses a W.T.O.
Last year, Fox Interactive Media introduced a service called Spring Widget.
In his approach to his job, he is not merely making it as unlikely as possible that he will choke, but also as unlikely as possible that he will be forced to view himself as having choked.
It’s called “Neon Bible” (Merge) and has songs about impending apocalypse, fear and faith.
For example, this is now the second-longest, correction-less rally in stock market history.
Since then, markets have been manic-depressive, with triple-digit gains or losses in the Dow Jones industrial average — the rule rather than the exception for the past two weeks.
“It’s the reaching out,” Kelly said of the similarities between politicians and head coaches.
It even won union support.
“I felt we should keep the memory of what it used to be.”
Although Dr. Nissen denies that he is campaigning for the job, or even that he is really interested in it, he refuses to rule it out.
I get a white screen and no picture when I try to play an .AVI movie with the QuickTime Player on my Mac.
“It became about a lynch mob when we got into this courtroom,” Mr. Chalifoux said.
The jail sits in the middle of a block bounded by Atlantic Avenue, State and Smith Streets and Boerum Place.
When the Soviet satellite Sputnik was launched on Oct. 4, 1957, the space race was on.
SINCE the early 1980s, when Arlene Kagle bought a weekend home with her husband in Stanfordville, N.Y., and began gardening , her flower beds have gone through more phases than the moon.
His first marriage ended in divorce.
The Department of Defense has identified 3,195 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war.
I’ll take fiction any day of the week.
Sheila McVeigh Toms River The writer is co-chairwoman, Climate Protection Initiative, League of Women Voters of Ocean County.
But after three decades as one of the most powerful publicists in Hollywood, Mr. Wasserman was arrested in 2000 on charges of grand theft.
“I know that a commission controlled by the governor’s office at some point would have fired me, because at some point, if you’re doing your job, you’re going to be investigating the executive branch, or the executive branch is going to ask you to do something you’re not comfortable with,” he said.
Mr. Baksa, who has completed about 35 rooftop additions since the late 1990s and is currently working on six such projects, said that buildings have also hired him just to figure out how much additional space is permitted under zoning regulations and how many square feet can actually be built, two figures that are not always the same.
To capitalize on his momentum, Mr. Huckabee is focusing on the parts of his message beyond social conservatism, like the environment, a break from the Bush administration’s foreign policy and a sort of economic populism.
When the player hits 500, he wins as much as $50,000.
The woman, whose identity was not released yesterday, lived with her son William Pifer, 70, who was at a doctor's appointment when the fire occurred.
Pour Homme is perfectly premier degré.
Weitz, it should be said, does not make this claim.
Or that I grew up in a big Irish-American family with little money.
But he said that getting men to take responsibility for their own communities was a step in the right direction.
Leaders of the three main parties want to consolidate their power over the electoral process and keep private industry out of the fray.
In January 2006, the Web site thesmokinggun.com revealed that Mr. Frey’s memoir included numerous fabrications.
Conservatives have yet to coalesce around any one of the Republican candidates.
He said that stores in Seattle and New York City would have the ability by Oct. 2 and that other stores across the country would get the service over the next two years.
Nursing mothers who take codeine should watch their infants for increased sleepiness or other signs of overdose, federal health officials warned.
In the statement released Friday, Danone and Wahaha said they would “work together to further develop all entities operating under the Wahaha brands and contribute to develop the Sino-French friendship and promote the cooperation between the two companies of the two countries.”
After all, other Quaker cereals like Quaker Old Fashioned Oats and Quick Quaker Oats have a sole ingredient, whole rolled oats.
Frank Sinatra Park, Frank Sinatra Drive, between Fourth and Fifth Streets; www.hobokennj.org .
Scientifically speaking, the value of this research lies in its specific details about patterns of learning and cognition.
Yesterday, Judge Breyer ordered a halt to the rule until the court could reach a final decision in the case, which could take many months.
With its melodrama tamped down, it emerged as the jumbled memories of someone looking back in a dream state and free-associating in verse; it was very moving.
Any action against the monks would be extremely risky for the government because of the reverence in which they are held in Myanmar, the Buddhist nation formerly known as Burma.
This time, Mr. Gbagbo arrived in Bouaké by road.
The study considered only heterosexual intercourse, and the depression scale, which measured only depressive symptoms, was not designed to diagnose clinical depression.
Craig Leipold, the owner of the N.H.L.’s Predators, said he has finally sold the franchise, this time to a group of local businessmen and one California venture capitalist who want to keep the team in Nashville.
Already, the leading candidates are showing clear divisions on that score.
Now, he said, “they are really part of the venture community.” But challenges abound, notably because venture profits in recent years have been as difficult as ever to achieve.
Asked about the elbow, he said: “I’ve got some issues, but I’m going to be fine.
He readied for a McTwist — a 540-degree spin — but lost control as he approached the lip of the ramp.
As Curry stepped to the line, the Garden broke out with chants of “Ed-dy.” Denver Coach George Karl had a different mantra: “Curry’s a pain.” It was a rare night when Curry’s defense and rebounding meant as much, if not more, than his scoring, a fact that Thomas acknowledged with a chuckle.
Then it delivers the last part of the digital signal over conventional copper wires.
Mr. LeClerc consulted experts, who told him that pollution and moisture were corroding the statuary ornament and wearing away the marble surface.
But those numbers were slightly misleading.
Ms. VanDerHorst-Larson was unable to find a quick fix to Cade’s autism.
Originally, the town house was planned as an offshoot of a smaller gallery eight blocks away, on East 79th Street — one that had a solid reputation, mounted regularly reviewed shows and represented a comfortable roster of artists.
In the early 1990s, he was among a clutch of surfers to ride regularly at a treacherous spot called Mavericks, 100 miles north of Monterey at Half Moon Bay.
New hirings were announced from the stage, and five retiring members were given public goodbyes.
He threw 67 pitches in a simulated game Thursday.
Everyone was waiting for someone to blink, and when they did people decided to sell and take their profits.” Google, which climbed above $600 for the first time this week, fell $3.39, to $622.
For many New Yorkers, however, what has seemed far less familiar is, quite simply, the vastness of the tragedy.
“When he’s with me, he’s looking for a place to release.
That was the announcement made on Aug. 30 by White Cube, the London gallery representing Mr. Hirst, though it would not name the group.
Freddie Mac, chartered by Congress to buy home loans from mortgage lenders, is the nation’s No.
Motter won the job over radio and commercial personalities who also tried out.
“You’re seeing more kids in preschool with significant needs,” he said.
One of the smaller players, who are often sought for their quickness and back-court defensive play, is the 6-foot-2 Todd Rogers, who won the 2007 F.I.V.B.
James (Jim) Phillips formerly of Scarsdale, New York and Point O' Woods, New York, died of colon cancer on May 13, 2007.
If nothing else, the first abortion in the film (of a 20-week-old fetus, though that information is not in the film) reinforces what an abstraction the term pro-choice really is.
That of course may well have been what its makers intended all along.
“If I had known what I was going to do, I would have taken Spanish,” he said.
After joining the sect around 2001, Matisyahu became a regular guest and performer at Chabad’s outposts around the world.
“If you go too far, they’ll lock it up.” Many midshipmen were reluctant to speak on the record with reporters, because the academy imposed a news media blackout during the peace conference, but all who spoke supported Chioccarelli’s judgment.
Once, she said, she bumped into John F. Kennedy Jr. in Europe and discussed with him the challenges of being the offspring of a famous man.
Sports, weather, the building, fishing: You name it, we talked about it.” Mr.
This week, BNP Paribas began moving in the first of 600 workers it plans to relocate from Manhattan.
Beloved mother of Charlie Peabody, Polly Wulsin and Kitty Reed.
Earlier reports, based on tax returns, showed that in 2005 the top 10 percent, top 1 percent and fractions of the top 1 percent enjoyed their greatest share of income since 1928 and 1929.
“Salarymen are taking bigger risks,” said Mitsuhide Shiraki, a professor of economics at Waseda University in Tokyo.
Every art-book list should include at least one piece of eye candy.
Even as developments in the credit markets went from bad to worse this year, investors for the most part have remained upbeat about the values of the mortgage securities they held.
Lee tacked on another 3 points with 11:05 left in the game to make the score 17-16.
POP-UP shops, the highly promotional incarnations of designer boutiques that last a few weeks in abandoned galleries or impromptu curbside sites, have become such an established part of the retail landscape that a modish men’s store has made the concept a permanent fixture.
These images suggest that whatever emotional or sculptural urges the dolls satisfied, the main reason Bartlett made the figures was so that he could photograph them.
This is the headquarters of many Christian groups that strongly disapprove of homosexuality, including Focus on the Family.
But the November wage came against a more pronounced backdrop pointing to a longer-term erosion of spending power for most American workers.
But suicide bombings have continued in northwestern Pakistan, possibly in response to the offensive.
The demonstration followed a rowdy protest in May on similar issues.
The only stations that mattered were numbered 2 to 13, and on NBC stations on the night of April 8, 1974, Curt Gowdy said: “There’s a long drive.
The company then spun out Shop.CallawayGolf.com , where consumers can order golf clubs.
After all those years of sawing and scrimping, there was this sturdy house with shelves built by Clem, a vase of daisies on the kitchen table and white wicker furniture on the porch.
“Julia never thought about the dishes, so she uses every pot in the kitchen,” Ms. Jones said, referring to the late Mrs. Child, as she often does, in both the past and the present tense.
Dr. Landman said he was not sure how long the ammonites in New Jersey lived above the iridium marker, but they “could not possibly have survived 300,000 years,” as Dr. Heller of Princeton argues.
A former model, actress and singer, and now the mother of two, Ms. Love entered the video arena at 38, after teaching strength training and aerobics for almost 20 years at a fitness club in Calgary, Alberta, that she is a partner in.
A former broker for MetLife was charged yesterday with defrauding a 9/11 widow of $250,000, part of the settlement she received after the death of her husband, a Port Authority police officer, prosecutors said.
• 3 percent are franchises.
For me, the opposite held true.
PHILIP PULLMAN ’S novel “The Golden Compass,” the basis for the new movie of the same name, is set in a parallel universe that runs on something called anbaric power instead of electricity, and where people travel in hot-air balloons and enormous, slow-moving zeppelins.
(One area will be open to anyone, and a more private section will be open only to TED attendees.)
Iran is bending its religious restrictions on television series in an effort to attract more of the country’s audience to state-run television.
“It’s going to be hard for many of us,” said Patricia Cruz, executive director of the Harlem Stage, which received $125,000 last year from Altria.
Her endurance is better than it was before she was pregnant, she says.
Seven bidders wanted the painting, which sold to a telephone bidder for $4.52 million with the buyer’s premium, more than twice its high estimate of $1.8 million.
“The whole Chinese global community follows our beauty pageant,” said Mr. Yuen, the competition’s founder and chief organizer, “because New York Chinatown is large compared to the world.” A natural pitchman, he carries three different business cards for his various media and marketing ventures.
One big-ticket consultant for Mrs. Clinton was Penn Schoen & Berland Associates, which received just over $1 million for the quarter.
Fidelity, Vanguard, T. Rowe Price and Schwab are among large asset managers that run such programs.
The leadership has banned publication of data on the subject for fear of inciting social unrest, said scholars involved in the research.
The biggest of the cafes have up to three million members.
Now we can engage that data.”
Before directing ''Symphony of a City'' -- showing tomorrow as part of Carnegie Hall's ''Berlin in Lights'' series, in partnership with the Museum of Modern Art -- Ruttmann made avant-garde films, evident here in his accent on form and the flow of images.
So, in 1997, he and his wife formed the Tipitina’s Foundation, which would begin to use the club, still for-profit, to serve the nonprofit mission of helping musicians.
landscape from both sides now, Oates no longer perceives the Jets the way many New Yorkers do, as the striving little brother to the Giants’ more successful, more popular sibling.
Ms. Faludi said that each culture “shapes its own myths in a specific way based on its own historical dramas.” Other countries, she said, “have an ancient tradition of customs, rituals, and a deep-rooted sense of identity.” “It’s different for us because we’re so young as a nation,” she added.
The bill to ignore the accounting standard, which has already passed the Texas House 142 to 0 and is awaiting a vote in the state Senate, flies in the face of prevailing trends in private industry, where the failures of Enron and other companies prompted efforts to bolster accounting and crack down on companies that skirt the rules.
I just got back from a year and a half in Japan, and embryonic eggs, sold along with the tissue they are attached to, are available in every supermarket and meat shop.
Bea, the love of Alex's life.
Mr. Dweck could not be reached for comment yesterday.
A few miles farther, two women sat by the side of the road in folding chairs reading, beside a table full of blueberries they had picked and packed for sale that morning.
“Since it’s hard to be sure of anything, the market quite understandably fears the worst.
Inquiries by Congress, the news media and various state attorneys general have exposed tangled financial relationships between colleges or individual college officials and student lenders — relationships that the department did not detect, the report said.
Moving On A year later, Mr. Edwards wrote an opinion piece in The Washington Post that began, “I was wrong.” It laid out his case against the war in Iraq.
It was like a ghost train.
Flames early yesterday singed but did not consume the figure of the Burning Man looming atop a pavilion at the Burning Man counterculture arts festival in the Black Rock Desert of Nevada, The Reno Gazette-Journal reported.
The broadcasters sell about 75 percent of a prime-time season’s commercials during the upfront market.
But Daisy put a hand on my side, and somehow that one hand won the battle for my attention.
Dr. Keith, an organizer of the conference, said that at one time he thought scientists should not talk in public about “geoengineering” remedies for global warming — like injecting chemicals into the upper atmosphere to cool the poles, or blocking sunlight by making clouds more reflective or stationing mirrors in space.
By using it, engineers can calculate what changes in temperature, pressure and flow rates would work best to produce ethanol in a full-scale commercial venture.
Today he does amazing philanthropic work.
Overhauling voting systems before next year’s presidential election had once been a top Democratic priority, primarily to allow greater accountability and be certain that all votes registered on computerized touch-screen systems were counted.
Court TV serves as a kind of second-chance celebrity recovery program: television personalities who overplayed their time in the limelight go there to rehabilitate their career.
Orpheus, played with a fine, fierce ardor by Joseph Parks, is, of course, a composer; Eurydice hears music mostly in words.
On Mondays, seventh graders who went to bar mitzvahs over the weekend wear goody-bag sweatshirts or sweat pants emblazoned with the honoree’s name to school.
Rua Frei Vicente 5, Pelourinho; 011-55-71-3321-9642; entrees $5 to $10.
All of that culminated in the hearing on Tuesday.
“He asked me if I need to work with him, just call him up.
Rejecting the police’s conclusion that he committed suicide, she travels to Spain, Australia and Mozambique in search of answers to her questions about her son and the issues, like the AIDS epidemic in Africa, that mattered to him.
Despite strong results, shares of the company, based in Pittsburgh, fell.
“To be honest with you, I’m under contract to them.
Carrie Underwood dropped two spots to No.
The home builder Hovnanian Enterprises reported a quarterly net loss of $469 million on Tuesday as the deteriorating United States housing market hurt construction demand.
But the Chinese, like the Americans, have lost a number of stars from the previous generation, including forward Sun Wen (FIFA voted her and Michelle Akers of the United States the women's players of the 20th century).
His short-form thesis is: “A single-minded focus on increasing wealth has driven the planet’s ecological systems to the brink of failure, without making us happier.” He asks: “How did we screw up?” Answer: “We kept doing something” — that is, making more and more money and more and more stuff more and more efficiently — “past the point where it worked.
So the airlines are trying, it seems to me — though in a system of their own devising that has no slack to accommodate even minor disruptions.
Over the years, vandals have damaged dozens of statues, including the Pietà by Michelangelo in the Vatican.
The departure of Ms. Miceli, who has been replaced by Miguel Peirano, the secretary of industry, comes barely three months before the presidential elections.
“We’re going to be able to make this International Space Station truly international,” Mr. Arnold said.
In March, it inaugurated Protecting Futures, a program to first build bathrooms, then educate teachers and finally distribute free pads, in hopes of keeping African girls in school.
Unconventional camera angles coupled with a total absence of people and the weird, almost supernatural glow of the interior home lighting give these highly saturated images a worrisome creepiness.
Specialists say that changing the situation involves continuing shifts in attitudes and policies by individuals, life partners and workplaces to favor work-life balance and equality between spouses.
Heath Ledger , the crown prince of the borough’s celebrity aristocracy, apparently fled his fiefdom in Boerum Hill for Manhattan after splitting up with his girlfriend, the actress Michelle Williams .
It drives away from a stop so quietly that it seems to be holding its breath, much as a hybrid does before the gas engine starts.
Mrs. Khan says she is in too much pain to work now.
“It is the need of the time that there is political stability, political reconciliation and a national consensus on issues confronting Pakistan,” he said as he took questions from a select audience on the government-run Pakistan Television.
He graduated cum laude from Harvard, where he also received his law degree, magna cum laude.
Rushing between campaign events at the Muskingum County Fair, Zack Space trotted to a secluded picnic table, sat down, and shoveled forkfuls of grilled chicken into his mouth.
Center, Dr. Allen S. Keller deals with the awful consequences of torture and says N.Y.U.
Brokers: Prudential Connecticut; Coldwell Banker Wilton.
Married men and women, on average, earn more than those who are unmarried, with part of that possibly attributed to career and wage advancement as workers mature (and are more likely to be married).
This means that in the absence of addictive levels of nicotine in their cigarettes, most young smokers would ultimately quit.
The warplanes shelled eight locations in the Zap region of northern Iraq, across Turkey’s southeastern border, the army said in a statement.
They then tested their 18-protein signature on an additional 92 samples.
“My father left his legacy where he always wanted us to finish playing, at Madison Square Garden,” Marbury’s statement concluded.
The senators questioning Michael B. Mukasey , President Bush’s nominee for attorney general, seemed so pleased at first to be receiving direct and unadorned answers that they appeared to be barely taking in what he was saying.
The driver, Scott Forster, 49, of Staten Island, was thrown clear of the bus and pronounced dead at the scene, the police said.
The story is sad, but there is something almost exuberant in Mr. Penn’s embrace of it — and in Emile Hirsch’s brilliant performance as McCandless.
Minnesota’s plan called for universal coverage by July 1, 1997.
As Mr. McCarthy pointed out, if any prosecutor could prompt the Mafia to make an exception, it was Mr. Giuliani.
On a trip to Japan, he called his grandmother, who is now 92, and told her that despite what she had suffered during the Japanese occupation, he was now standing in a beautiful Japanese park.
“They can do it if they want, but then they might get burned,” Matthews said.
Needless to say, that is invasive and expensive.
The Nahal Oz crossing, from where fuel is piped into Gaza, had been closed since Wednesday for unspecified security reasons.
This little-known photograph appears in a collage of text and images that is part of ''Fugitive Artist: The Early Work of Richard Prince, 1974-1977'' at the Neuberger Museum of Art in Purchase.
Prices for the all-inclusive cruise and four-night hotel package range from $299 to $759 a person, based on four to a hotel room (888-777-4642, www.studentcity.com ).
Proposals for similar programs are being considered in Chicago, Washington and New York.
They are awaiting a report later this year that could reveal whether the dozens of cases of Lou Gehrig’s disease centered around a downtown industrial area were caused by pollution.
“Our backs have been up against the wall for about three weeks now,” Coyle said.
It doesn’t get chopped up by players’ cleats, and it doesn’t get muddy during a rain, so it allows for more practices and games.
Conducted by Robert Bass, the Collegiate Chorale sounded very good: singing with a focused roar when appropriate, with a lovely warmth in softer passages, and everywhere with a discipline of articulation and phrasing unusual to a large group hovering somewhere between the professional and the amateur.
Flattening an east side view might cause towers of different heights to coalesce into a staircase, while flattening from the west could reveal a passageway.
West exited with the spade nine, of course, and declarer let West hold the trick.
However, the prices set on the Chinese exchanges are still largely isolated from the rest of the world by regulatory barriers that limit the amount of foreign money entering the markets and domestic money permitted to leave.
The American people get to make their own decisions.
Kohl’s vision for SimplyVera is that of a luxury, albeit affordable, lifestyle brand.
“That’s why I went for community theater.” John Pyron, a “Born Yesterday” cast member who has acted in more than 100 professional and amateur shows in Westchester and Connecticut, said the quality of community theater had improved in the last 20 years because local theater groups are not as insistent that actors be subscribers to that particular group’s season.
Mr. Och’s 48.5 percent stake at $32 a share will be worth $4.7 billion on paper.
Swift — er, Paula — stops trying to build up the momentousness of the next day’s talk and stops trying to persuade her children (or the reader) that she and Mike have had a passionate sex life despite Mike’s low sperm count, the results are considerably more convincing.
Certainly not the cheery waiters at Faim (5, rue Châtelain; www.faim.ch ; 41-22-340-2575), a Scandinavian-sleek cafe on the Right Bank.
Bill Conti, a 53-year-old lawyer in Chevy Chase, Md., has been taking “Karim’s Body Fat Burning Training Camp” at the Sports Club/LA in Washington.
head coach, Georgia Tech decided to end the tenure of another.
A young erectus man in Africa, dating to 1.5 million years ago, had a modern body and was almost six feet tall.
From left, FRED and TAMI MACK with STACEY and MATTHEW BRONFMAN.
But, interested in art and following the example of his mother’s father, an art dealer in Paris, he left publishing to return to New York and devote himself to representing artists.
Two Wall Street chief executives have been shown the door in the last two weeks.
Mr. Powazek (along with his wife, Heather Powazek Champ, also at the magazine since its founding) left 8020 in May, saying that a power-hungry Mr. Cloutier had pushed him out.
But the sleep that we’re now trying to reclaim may never have been ours to begin with.
To populate the concert scenes in “Control,” the filmmakers rounded up Joy Division fans, which did not exactly calm Mr. Riley’s nerves.
But even as Spain is reporting a sizable decrease in drownings, success is far from complete.
A granddaddy of downtown experimental performance, he has created some of the weirdest, wonderfulest, most exclamatory stage works around.
A chunk of wood hit him in the leg.
Mr. Seale was not charged with murder.
They also administered exercise tests and performed muscle biopsies to measure physical fitness, confirming that the men who reported higher levels of exercise were in fact more fit.
''Few are the singers who can spin out a phrase as she does, with an equal mixture of emotional suspense, rhythmic flair and stunning dynamic control,'' commented the Washington Post of her performances.
At the time, using steroids without a prescription was a crime largely ignored by the authorities.
In 1946, at 20, she began studying art, first in Prague and then in Paris, where she met her first husband, a Polish art historian, and endured a bout of tuberculosis.
Ritz Theater, 915 White Horse Pike.
Mourned and missed by her brothers Allyn and Christopher and their wives Sheila and Chrystal, her nieces Marcy and Laurie, her nephew Christopher and their families, her partner Leeanne Lipston, and her many friends.
Of course, the beach is another big draw.
“Losing the special treatment may make you, subconsciously at least, want to travel on that company less.” The airlines say they are just sticking to longstanding policy, which limits special treatment to those who earn their miles the old-fashioned way: by flying within a specified period of time.
General Hayden has said publicly that information obtained through the C.I.A.’s detention and interrogation program has been the best source of intelligence for operations against Al Qaeda.
Plentiful rain throughout Texas the past year led weather officials to declare an end to drought conditions across the state for the first time in at least a decade.
Dobson’s public statements have traced the arc of their dissatisfaction.
If he went to the police, he might be able to save the art dealer’s life.
The scrappy Nittany Lions even found a way to stun top-seeded Stanford Saturday night in Sacramento, getting 26 kills from Megan Hodge and 19 from Nicole Fawcett against the same university they beat for their first title in 1999.Fawcett served on match point and Penn State capped its 26th straight victory on another powerful kill by Hodge, the tournament’s most valuable player, winning by 30-25, 30-26, 23-30, 19-30, 15-8 exactly three months to the day after losing a five-game thriller to the Cardinal — the last defeat for the Nittany Lions.
TOYOTA MEETING Toyota will have its annual meeting for the financial community in New York (Monday).
The sentencing hearing lasted for more than two hours, as Mr. Black’s defense team cited letters testifying to Mr. Black’s character from friends like Elton John (whose AIDS foundation received a donation from Mr. Black), and the political columnist George F. Will, a longtime friend who wrote of Mr. Black, “He loves this country with a deeply informed passion.” Mr. Black’s sentencing consultant, Jeffrey Steinbach, even mentioned a letter from a man, not famous, who was once drunk at a party and got a ride home from Mr. Black.
Alone in his quarters, he exchanges his pirate duds for the costume of a cancan-dancing, boa-twirling Folies-Bergère chorus girl prancing before a mirror to the sounds of Offenbach.
She will also include Tony Rosenthal, who set off a controversy in 1954 when he designed a 14-foot bronze for a new Police Department building that depicted in a highly abstract style a policeman protecting a family.
I remember being taken aback at the MoMA show by the conservative animal sculptures that Ms. Bontecou was making in 1957, only two years before she concocted her first reliefs.
Seventeen-year-olds are right in the middle.
But they’re after me.” In the spirited hunt for White House culprits, Mr. Rove is certainly a favorite target, though many Republicans are also inclined to blame him for the sinking popularity of the president and his party.
SunCom, founded in 1999, operates in the southeastern United States and in the Caribbean; it posted second-quarter revenue of $242.5 million.
To the Editor: An important point should be added to ''An Armory, and a Siege by Rebels Who Live Nearby'' (Dec. 2): those opposing the Seventh Regiment Armory Conservancy's plans have no plans of their own as to how to save the building.
Jenn Stuczynski, who broke the American record for the women's pole vault Sunday, was added yesterday to the field for the Reebok Grand Prix, scheduled for June 2 at Icahn Stadium on Randalls Island.
“It’s a bunch of people running around trying to please him.” Ms. Binzel, the former chief government strategist for the News Corporation, said Mr. Murdoch got the breaks he did in the United States based on the merits, not his political connections.
But immediately after the DNA results, when Cece was struggling with what to tell her daughter, she wondered whether scouting for Elizabeth’s origins was a bad decision.
Mr. Bennaceur, 45, is a founder and the chief executive of Triplanet Partners, a New York company that provides information technology and management consultant services to investment banking clients.
The pseudonym surfaced in a sealed court document that was filed last month by the Federal Trade Commission but became public Wednesday evening.
Stafford saw Alabama’s Lionel Mitchell roll down on Henderson and press at the line, and he knew he had a one-on-one chance.
The next month, two merchant marine cadets were killed when they struck an overhead beam while riding on the roof of a No.
Back then, Mr. Kelly promised that “Trapped” would return, and now it has: the IFC channel’s Web site has been showing a new episode every day, leading up to tomorrow’s DVD release of “Trapped in the Closet: Chapters 13-22” (Jive).
You adjust when you have to.” The 49ers’ offense must adapt as much, if not more, than the Giants’ defense, Kiwanuka added.
The novel begins in California, in a rural paradise (1), among family members whose relations are more acts of will than accidents of birth (2).
A courtyard filled with bougainvillea, cactus and a sprawling mesquite tree leads to the main house.
The names were part of an index that Hoover had been compiling for years.
“My body’s responding better, and I’m just getting better as time passes.” On his walk to the dugout, Martínez pumped his fist three times, high-fived Reyes and was embraced by Wright.
New York, July 23, 2007
Her life was similarly full of twists and turns.
The am is delighted to receive the accolades of peers, and the pro will have several stories with which to entertain friends.
Bonds, who signed with the Giants in 1993 as a big-money free agent, announced Friday that this season would be his last with the club.
Our guys are the best scouts in baseball, and they’ve proven that over the last few years.
The plot of the movie, which parades, in softened form, conventions like scrawls on walls and vertiginous camerawork, coheres, more or less.
LIABLE IN MUSIC SHARING A federal jury found a Minnesota woman liable for copyright infringement for sharing music online and imposed a penalty of $222,000, a crucial legal victory for record labels.
A spokesman for Disney said the company’s plan would cost a few million dollars a year and that Disney might try to pass along the costs to toymakers in contract negotiations.
Is he exposing a reserve of hidden passion beneath Duchamp’s dandyish, bone-dry wit?
The elaborate desserts for their part rely on Lilliputian beakers, caldrons and grills to give them an excitement that the chocolate itself doesn’t always have.
Experts do not understand exactly what causes sarcoidosis, but it is often associated with exposure to environmental hazards.
“It was a big relief for me when we asked our doctor if the baby had any chance and he said, ‘No.’ We didn’t have to make the choice anymore.
The older boy’s stepfather said he was pleased by the federal sentence.
They have not taken that route since 1997, but history shows that wild-card winners have little, if any, disadvantage.
In addition to the game console’s snazzy graphics, the Xbox Live online service has been the most important component of the Xbox 360’s success since its debut in 2005.
The blackout that left about 174,000 people in Queens without power for as long as nine days in July 2006 was the biggest breakdown.
But the Red Crescent figures align with estimates from two hospital officials in the area and with the typical ratio of dead to wounded from big bomb attacks.
“He’s been in closer touch the last few weeks and months,” said Sheldon Silver, the Assembly speaker.
“The pitcher’s pitch count goes up, and the pitcher knows that he has to throw strikes to Alex if he walks him.
Looking on the Web, he found other Honda owners complaining about rats nesting in their knock-sensor systems.
Just how rich are Yukon kings?
Kiwanuka said it would take about five games for him to fully understand the responsibilities of a linebacker.
Trained by Bobby Frankel and owned by Frank Stronach, Ginger Punch probably wrapped up the title as the nation’s best older filly or mare.
“It does lend itself to other sports,” she said.
In an extreme case, it could result in a toxic combination of weak growth and high prices that is a central banker’s nightmare.
Some almost certainly ended up in the hands of insurgent militias, who use small arms fire to force American military convoys into the path of roadside bombs.
( “What do you call the high school history teacher?” asked Roy Rosenzweig, a professor of history at George Mason University who directs the Center for History and New Media there.
Prince, 57, said during an interview Wednesday in his wood-paneled office at Citigroup’s Park Avenue headquarters.
She said she had met Mr. Moreno by chance on Thursday at a store where he bought a phone card for his brother to call his wife.
“I don’t blame somebody for trying to climb a ladder, but you don’t build your name on an innocent person.” Investigators have said little about what drew them to Mr. Carty, particularly 25 years after the crime.
Ms. Meyer asked magazines to use Lexus vehicles essentially as props in photographs for articles unrelated to the company or the auto industry, a tactic criticized by some media industry reporters.
“When it fell, there was an immediate response from corporations,” Mr. King continued.
Net sales were up about 7 percent to $1.66 billion, helped by an increase of 8 percent in sales in the refrigerated foods segment and a 7 percent gain for Jennie-O turkey.
“You could go to a nearby property owner and arrange for the use of some alley or walkway,” he said.
In the mid-1980s, he took advantage of a Department of Veterans Affairs alcoholism treatment program and got sober.
In other words, the movies will result in no net increase in carbon dioxide, a gas that helps increase global warming .
The official cautioned, “It’s pretty hard to pull trends out of a few indications,” but added that even tentative evidence of increased Qaeda activity in Afghanistan “is something we are concerned with.” The official spoke on standard rules of anonymity to discuss intelligence on Al Qaeda and Mr. Gates’s agenda before the secretary’s third trip to Afghanistan during his first year in office.
It was five and a half hours.
The aide who had summoned Khrushchev for the phone call returned to the room and turned on a radio in a corner, setting it to the right frequency for the group to hear a few moments of the beeping of the satellite signal before the craft faded over the horizon.
Yet, Dr. Rader says, his family history is worrisome.
SUMMER is winding down, but there’s still plenty of sizzle left in the grill.
His father is a printer for the Corporate Communications Group in West Caldwell, N.J.
In their only appearance onstage together, “Saints Smother Swans,” a duet by Terry Creach, the couple dance side by side, rarely touching except for brief lifts and a couple of occasions when Ms. Nugent brushes the back of her hand against Mr. Matteson’s thigh.
My mom made me this tartan outfit with a red beret.
Quarterback Drew Brees was 28 for 41 for 192 yards, but he was picked off 2 times.
“I thought all children would see something in the new funding formula.
“There were some extraordinarily brave Hmong,” he said in a telephone interview from his home in Maryland.
His own addictive behavior, however, kept him from finishing it.
But last year a state appeals court reversed that ruling, finding that residents of Twin Rivers were entitled by the State Constitution to express themselves as they wished.
Sheep are slaughtered for the holidays.
“What’s going on?” Mia wonders, after she has been sent to visit him in “what must be at least 35,000 square feet of ill-conceived home,” and sees a lot of cars.
The Web site’s success has drawn criticism not only from the stars it covers, but also from competitors who claim the Web site pays for articles.
While the Fire Department found no evidence of a gas leak inside the building, Con Ed said its employee detected gas under the manhole cover and asked police officers and firefighters to help remove cars blocking access to the manhole.
It was followed by quakes registering magnitudes of 4.9 to 7.9.
If their mother cannot contribute to their care, “then it’s her loss, because they stay with me,” Ms. Santos said.
The two men are bitter enemies.
There, however, lies the real conundrum of this kind of show: The longer you spend looking at such amazing sights, the more inclined you are to want to go there and build a hotel on the beach.
A Massapequa man has been charged after an accident on Thursday night that killed a woman as she stood at the foot of her driveway, the police said.
Her three-spade rebid showed honor-doubleton.
WHERE The Dominican Republic .
By the time those heightened expectations are dashed (What?
In addition, he said, the policy was adopted without the required period for public notice and comment.
Protests and street assemblies have been banned since the interim government took power on Jan. 12, after months of political violence around the country.
It is an odd move, as in a line of the Scotch, after 4 ... Bc5 5 Be3 Qf6 6 c3, White plays the pawn to c3 anyway.
With its panoply of saints, Christianity restored visual intensity to religion; it took a step back from Judaism in the direction of the pagan faiths.
I started working full time in a bank doing general ledger work, posting transactions.
Mr. Franken dismisses the notion that voters might be unable to take a former comedian seriously, or that seeking public office now might seem a difficult divergence from an earlier path that in 1999 included “Why Not Me?,” a satiric novel about his own mock run for the presidency.
It scaled back its growth forecasts for many leading economies and urged central banks to keep interest rates stable and low to stem further damage.
Mr. Machimura replaced Taro Aso, 66, who was appointed secretary general of the Liberal Democratic Party, the party’s No.
“She was flattered to be asked by the president of the United States, an astonishingly dynamic man.” Of course, the facts of Schiff’s life are by any standard rich, in every sense.
7; Taylor Swift , No.
Let’s say that you have sunk your country into an unpopular war.
The Chicago architecture firm UrbanLab has won the History Channel's national competition to design a 22nd-century ''City of the Future,'' the channel said yesterday.
The service change will save an average of $250,000 per day, amounting to $1.8 million a year.
When to act in Darfur has been a question since the conflict began in 2003, primarily as a rebellion by some non-Arab tribes.
No wonder the Patriots have signed Belichick to a contract extension through the 2013 season, according to a report on ESPN.com , a move that came before the current dust-up.
Built in 2002, this 3,615-square-foot house is on a fifth of an acre and has three bathrooms, a family room with a gas fireplace and a large deck with views of the mountains and Lake Tomahawk.
The Nascar driver Carl Edwards was released early yesterday from an Omaha hospital after being injured Sunday night in a dirt track race in nearby Greenwood, Neb., a hospital spokeswoman said.Details of the injury were not immediately available.
Though they as yet have no plans to exhibit the Höcker album photos, curators at the Holocaust Memorial Museum have created an online display of them on the museum’s Web site ( ushmm.org ) that will be available this week.
In Solok, 44 schools were damaged, 15 of which were destroyed.
In the case of “Thérèse Raquin” a good deal of the romanticizing came from the libretto by Gene Scheer, who seems incapable of writing a nasty character.
There are no hourlong dramas or documentaries; in fact, there is no programming schedule to speak of.
Venus, 27, has not made the semifinals here since 2002, when she lost to Serena in the final.
Both are routinely mentioned in news reports as consumer advocates for airline travelers.
But he said: ''Duch liked me because I'm clean and I'm organized.
I will always miss Suzanne Farrell’s slyly sexy leadership of the Women’s Royal Naval Service battalion, whom Balanchine turned into wartime pinups.
On closer look, she realized that the plants were planted in gritty soil in full sun, alongside a driveway that soaked up the heat and held it.
“What wonderful memories this brings back,” Linda Halverson, 65, of Ogden said as she hugged her friend, Evelyn Menchin, 84, of Calgary, Alberta.
Airlines at its hub in Louisville, Ky.
COHEN--Natalie, died peacefully on February 16.
For funeral information call Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home at (212) 288-3500.
Recalling the many sleepless nights during the height of the industrial crisis last year, Tom Williams, head of aircraft programs at Airbus, said he was relieved.
Since then, German lawmakers have excluded competitors from V.D.S.L., and Ms. Reding has started a lawsuit against Germany in the European Court of Justice.
The campus police and officers from the Ewing Township Police Department found no evidence of a shooting, college officials said.
A big cheer followed, but turns out it was Stricker hitting his second shot at the same time Choi was hitting his third.
It’s like buying pants for someone without knowing the person’s waist size.
Limited parking next to the building and in an adjacent municipal lot.
But after subsequent sputum tests that showed a low level of infectiousness, the C.D.C.
3 quarterback behind David Carr and Matt Moore.
It shows animated fairy tales in four languages, helping children learn not only their native Korean, but also English, Japanese and Chinese.
(Dobson told me he was too busy to comment for this article.)
RECOMMENDED DISHES Mixed appetizer plate; house-cured mackerel; pappardelle Bolognese; fusilli in vin santo cream sauce; chicken al mattone; orata in cartoccio; fruit tart; bread pudding.
What a mistake that turned out to be.
When we get him, we’re going to have to accelerate.
She is a legal counsel in Washington to Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the majority leader.
She graduated from the College of William and Mary.
The former is where you score the good Champagne; the latter is where you make use of it, dancing with sweaty abandon and inadvertently determining the stain threshold of a thrifted gold lamé Dolce & Gabbana skirt.
For information, call Levine Chapel, Brookline, MA 617277-8300.
Rabbi Jay and Barbara Marcus, Rav Ari Marcus, Rav Elie Marcus, Rav Doni Marcus, Rav Chaim Marcus, Mrs. Ora Mischel and their families
They were actually concentrating, biting their lips and staring almost trancelike at the screen, watching colored balls falling toward them on an electronic fretboard.
After that, he published eight other books of fiction and nonfiction, including the novels “Dirty Work” and “Joe.” Questions run a reviewer in circles.
With the plant nearly ready, Statoil maintains that the Barents Sea could turn into a major oil and gas region in coming decades.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
Do not put rechargeable batteries in flashlights, for example, or a camera that you use only occasionally because they drain quickly even when the gadget is not in use.
“I was very moved,” he recalled.
It left the Iraqi dead.
Still, it is validating to know that there are a few visible boldfaced types around.
In recasting this perennial challenge for a new generation, Herskovitz and Zwick have cannily positioned the Internet as a supercharacter.
In October, Save the Children U.K. surveyed more than 600 Ogadeni children and found that 21 percent were acutely malnourished, compared with United Nations surveys that found malnutrition rates of 19 percent in an area of Somalia and 13 percent in Darfur, Sudan.
For a woman to be meeting in private with a man who is not her husband or a relative is a crime in Saudi Arabia, where the legal code is based on a strict Wahhabi interpretation of Islamic law.
“We flipped the site,” he said, “and it isn’t the first time we’ve done that.” The newly created stone steps have their historical allusion: to the Villa Poiana, Palladio’s 16th-century masterwork near Vicenza.
On the morning of March 6, 1970, Cathy Wilkerson stumbled onto 11th Street in tatters, bleeding and her clothes all but ripped off her body.
The election commissioner, Sodsri Sathayatham, said at least 24 winners could be disqualified.
“I think it’s something we all do when we’re really young,” he says.
When he's feeling more adventurous, he heads to Vij's, a stylish, modern Indian restaurant ''with really beautifully presented food'' (1480 West 11th Avenue; 604-736-6664; entrees $20 to $25).
The situation for the Giants on this balmy late-September day was nearly as dire, even if the consequences were not as obvious.
It had been on exhibit at the auction house for the past 11 days.
Clemens overthrew receivers and misfired on other passes, completing 12 of 27 attempts for 142 yards and an interception that cornerback Terence Newman returned for a touchdown.
“Therefore it’s in the clubs’ interest to endorse it, embrace it and make sure it’s a fan-friendly venue.
Erik entered the Naval Academy, but later transferred to Hillsdale College, a small, conservative school in southern Michigan.
Many prosecutors will tell you that the emphasis on putting drug offenders in prison distracts them from dealing with serious crime.
Bear Stearns International named Christophe Choquart to be managing director, head of European equity sales for France.
A coming-of-age story, a coming-out story, a Proustian meditation on time and desire, a love letter, an invocation and something of an epitaph, “Call Me by Your Name” is also an open question.
will not check on the truthfulness of a hotel’s answers, and travel bookers can still accept bids from hotels that do not pass environmental muster.
He — or rather his new nonprofit institution, the Afro-Latin Jazz Alliance — will rent Symphony Space for its concerts, at a favorable rate.
The Saturn displayed a tendency to roll forward a good three or four inches, before coming to a full halt, after I slotted the shifter into park.
As the little elephants march into the viewing area in purple blankets, guides explain some basics of elephant behavior.
A second, similar note was sent to the judge on Monday.
But his only punishment was a reduction in rank.
“Corners produce anxiety,” said Mr. Pracilio, founder of DesignGo, an industrial design studio in Brooklyn.
It was unclear how much water was left in the system’s pipes and storage tanks at the time of the disruption, utility officials said, but even with tens of millions of gallons flowing, there was a danger that the supplies could run dangerously low unless residents voluntarily cut use drastically.
With the housing market slowing, there may be little reason to come back.
“The assumption of that greater responsibility by the Iraqi forces, you’ve indicated should lead to a reduction in the number of our forces,” Mr. Levin said to General Jones.
He’s a registered Republican, though he says he now leans Independent.
Now we would probably settle for a one-spade overcall.
We extend our deepest sympathy to Irene and Harvey and the Platt family.
Responding to questions from reporters, Commander Haynes confirmed that the detainee had intentionally injured himself while in the shower, saying he had been stopped because of “the vigilance of the guard force.” He did not describe how the detainee had sharpened his nail.
It’s all connected to the patient’s record and the billing record for the hospital.
In a letter sent yesterday to a lawyer for MySpace, a division of the News Corporation, attorneys general from eight states said the company had not done enough to block sexual predators from the service and had failed to cooperate with the authorities.
Yet studio vans, transportation trucks and construction vehicles freely crossed the picket line as Fox shows like “24” and “Prison Break” remained in production, at least for the moment — perhaps quelling the writers’ hope that a strong show of support by Hollywood’s blue-collar workers would heighten the strike’s effect.
Delinquencies and defaults on bonds backed by mortgage loans to people with poor credit histories helped feed the rally in Treasuries.
For sure, the end of brutal military rule represents progress.
Mr. Jackson said that there had been an incident the previous night in Mr. Gorman’s home; someone had been arrested and neighbors reported shots fired.
Rick was a successful ad executive in New York for over 20 years.
The crew of the International Space Station welcomed the seven astronauts from the shuttle Atlantis aboard on Sunday, the third day of the shuttle’s mission.
The couple met at Brown, from which both graduated, he magna cum laude.
Shiga’s Web site is offering recipes for deep-fried, marinated and chili-sauce bluegill.
The best-thumbed of those remaining — on a glassed-in shelf in Jefferson’s study — is a copy of Virgil’s “Aeneid.” Jefferson started learning Latin and Greek at age 9 at a school in Virginia run by a Scottish clergyman.
Although it no longer has ties to the university, Shimer still uses the “Hutchins plan,” a required curriculum based on a core reading list of 80 semester credits.
But that’s just me.” There is also an excellently blithe and bodacious Eastern European photographer, Ana Kaganova, who it just so happens is still technically married to Maynard.
With the old transmitters, including the one on the single-engine Super Decathlon flown by Mr. Fossett, Coast Guard and Civil Air Patrol officers must visit the site matching the coordinates of each distress signal to discover if a real problem exists.
“Not flash, just Gordon,” it reads.
Mr. Neiman said he was ''very encouraged'' by the statement.
Netgear makes an inexpensive two-drive redundant array, called Storage Central, that can be used remotely with powerline modems.
You can tell who falls into which group: Estella, Eric, Delia, Dubina, Melanie.
I guess he’s like the Beethoven of cocktails.”
Drawings show and text describes history of the early New York Yankees (Sources by ''Yankee Century,'' Glenn Stout; ''Shadows of Summer,'' Donald Honig; The Encyclopedia of New York; ''Tammany Hall,'' M. R. Werner; The W.P.A.
“You need to be able to tell your story to both sides to be effective.
It is, rather, a giant step backward on the very path of civilization that this country blazed.
“Chickens are the gateway animal for urban farming,” said Ms. Carpenter, who is writing a book about her menagerie, which consists of 20 chickens, 14 rabbits, 4 turkeys, a duck, and, until a week ago, 2 pigs.
The president resumed power at 9:21 a.m. Before the screening, Mr. Bush sent a letter to the House speaker, Nancy Pelosi, Democrat of California, and the president pro tem of the Senate, Senator Robert C. Byrd, Democrat of West Virginia, in which he invoked Section 3 of the 25th Amendment of the Constitution in transferring power to Mr. Cheney.
As ''King of the Hill'' returned to Fox's lineup Sunday with just its fourth episode of the season, the network led the night among the younger viewers highly prized by advertisers.
In what constituted an ethics audit last year, the House Ways and Means Committee asked the nonprofit N.C.A.A.
Another prestigious scholarship, the Fulbright ( www.iie.org ), covers a year of research.
Stephanie, who favors jeans and T-shirts, said she would no longer have to worry about what to wear to school in the morning.
Could she help them find an adult day care center where they could entertain?
Kathleen Carroll, The A.P.’s executive editor, said the company’s responsibility was to “preserve our future, so that we can continue to provide news from remote places,” and to “rev up our journalism” to make it compelling to customers.
Ensnared in a Texas law that makes accomplices subject to the death penalty, Mr. Foster, 30, is to become the third death row inmate this week, and the 403rd since capital punishment resumed in Texas in 1982, to give his life for a life taken.
“He made the right call on Iraq.”
''I believe everyone was white on the panel,'' he said of his audition.
Mr. Koolhaas described the project as a welcome chance to produce “serious” architecture in a “real” place, as opposed to “spectacular architecture in unreal places.” The architect, who won the Pritzker Prize in 2000, has in recent years designed the Prada stores in New York and Los Angeles, the Whitney Museum extension, the Seattle Public Library and the Illinois Institute of Technology campus center in Chicago.
It looks like second-rate TV, not like YouTube.
While she has a journalist’s instinct for storytelling, she lacks a novelist’s feel for the open-ended, the evocative, the absurd.
He urged “all member states to return to consensus decision-making and to demonstrate a greater sense of flexibility and compromise, beyond individual national interests and in the common cause of multilateralism for the good of humankind.”
Since they were fighting deportation, Mr. Hamide, for example, decided not to visit his dying father in Bethlehem in 1997, because, he said, the United States would have barred his return.
champion, is already two games behind the Green Bay Packers and the resurgent Brett Favre in the division, and the Bears begin a three-game stretch against division opponents Sunday.
That’s not even a decent Mega Millions jackpot.)
The money on a gift card from TisBest, for example, can be directed to one of 200 charities.
In 1846, 735 of the world’s 900 whaling ships were American.
Stew Low, a spokesman for the company, said the factory would remain shut for the duration of the strike in the United States.
To the Editor: Re “The Vulcan Utopia” (column, May 29): David Brooks is being churlish: Al Gore isn’t ignoring people for machines; he’s looking at a people who embrace machines and allow them to mediate their cultural and social interactions, the results of which Mr. Gore duly analyzes.
Mr. Kerik, who wrote of this in his autobiography, “The Lost Son,” was taken aback; he was a year removed from being a police detective.
Some legal scholars, like Susan Crawford, a visiting professor at the University of Michigan Law School and an authority on digital copyright law, have argued that interpreting the act that way has little to do with protecting copyrights, and more to do with limiting competition.
Shortly after a presidential spokesman, David Martinon, told a hastily called news conference that he had absolutely no comment about his boss’s marriage, the Élysée Palace dropped the bombshell that Mr. Sarkozy and his wife, Cécilia, “announce their separation by mutual consent.” The palace later clarified that the couple “had divorced.” Other French leaders have led unconventional love lives.
The new address is on the corner of 64th Street, not far from Mr. Blavatnik’s future home.
“The first day we put the electrode in, it was shocking,” Dr. Tsao said.
(Ford is a conspicuous sponsor of “American Idol” and this season, according to a January news release, has been using “Idol” as “the key platform to integrate a variety of Ford vehicles, including the new Ford Edge, plus the Fusion, Escape Hybrid and Mustang.”) On “Drive,” the burnt-sienna pickup truck, which belongs to Alex Tully (Nathan Fillion), the hero, whose wife has gone missing, has the letters ORD across the front.
Yet this is almost certainly the wrong way to think about the situation.
The “permission” for balance must come from the top, she said: “Walk the talk, strut the stuff.” Ms. Hewlett pointed to leaders who have already done so.
“He thinks that a weak person should not take this post.
The depth of that experience will be a principal subject of “Kansas City Lightning: The Life and Times of the Young Charlie Parker,” a long-gestating biography by the critic Stanley Crouch due out from Pantheon next year.
I kept returning to Palomas over the next couple of days, not only to fill my belly with inexpensive food (Gámez, on Cinco de Mayo Street, had excellent grilled chicken) and my car with inexpensive gasoline ($31.25 for a full tank at Pemex, about $8 less than in Columbus).
“It’s always bad around this neighborhood,” said Robin Smith, 17, a cousin of the slain youth.
And in 1982 he sided with Argentina in its war with Britain over the Falklands, adroitly exploiting anti-British and anti-American sentiment to boost his flagging popularity.
“Even if you’re on a very focused business trip, I feel you need to see a little bit of the places you’re visiting.
“He’s the best guy I’ve ever thrown to receiving wise,” said Brandon Webb, the N.L.’s reigning Cy Young Award winner.
“I think that might be a good way to accelerate a troop reduction,” said Senator Gordon Smith, Republican of Oregon, who noted that it was also popular with strained military families.
Further, the commissioner's contention that the players union blessed the developmental system is ridiculous.
The firefighters began to rig a harness to hoist him up by rope.
Emphasizing the dangers of denying anyone within American jurisdiction a fair trial, Stevens once again cited Rutledge’s dissent in his own opinion in the Hamdan case in 2006, which struck down President Bush’s military commissions because they were not specifically authorized by Congress.
After Randolph insisted that his personality was often misperceived by the news media, he revealed how he laced into his players in late August in Philadelphia.
At the same time, he also spoke supportively about the 2002 Senate resolution that authorized military action against Iraq.
Abd Al Hadi began one song with a tambur, a traditional Nubian lyre, to be joined by the orchestra with an Afro-Cuban lilt.
Private buyers, who were once able to finance 95 percent or more of the cost of a transaction, are being driven out of the market because such high leverage is no longer available.
“Inside the Red Mansion” winds up a colorfully digressive book capitalizing on the thought that understanding the new China is essential to understanding a criminal who could so successfully exploit it.
When it met in Vienna last month, the oil cartel agreed to a modest production increase of 500,000 barrels a day.
“I think we have to sit down and look at all this,” Wittenberg said.
Prior to the events, the water contained less than one-tenth of a microgram of perchlorate per liter.
One step in this evolution is an innovation introduced at Starbucks last week: the ability to automatically pay for and download to your laptop or iPhone the song playing in the background.
After Ryan Garko was hit by a pitch, White retired Jhonny Peralta on a fly ball.
Iraqi officials denied that any incursion had taken place.
about Dr. Hatfill, the judge, Reggie B. Walton, wrote in his decision yesterday.
On the Giants’ first play, Manning lobbed a screen to Shockey, who rambled for 19 yards.
Stocked with everything from hand warmers to wine, and open from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m., it is a place to trade gossip and feel at home.
Conversely, with hotels around the country and the world claiming environmental concern — even when all they may actually be doing is inviting guests to forgo clean towels — how can guests be assured that green claims are sincere?
The book is way too long, a temptation to which respected writers can sometimes succumb.
She also displays emerging artists' work and hosts regular art openings -- ''a good excuse to throw a party,'' she says.
The rest of America needs to know that the person they call “America’s mayor” desperately tried to become “New York’s autocrat.” Mayor Giuliani responded to an emergency by attacking the right of the people to vote.
Mr. Bewkes has indicated that the transformation of AOL could yield results — although the company has made a number of nearly forgotten efforts to reposition what was once the leading Internet brand in the world.
The out-of-town scoreboard at Shea Stadium no longer shows the highlights of the Philadelphia Phillies ’ games.
Its goal is to take the Casa Grande plant off the power grid, or nearly so, and run it almost entirely on renewable fuels and recycled water.
The pressure in his chest would ease off and then intensify, and now he was sweating profusely and was nauseated.
In 1973, however, he agreed to become Temple’s president.
To help tenderize a potentially tough cut, a marinade is usually called for.
In an interview, Lagarde says that more than two decades at a U.S. corporation taught her: “The more hours you worked, the more hours you billed, the more profit you could generate for yourself and your firm.
Senator Michael B. Enzi, Republican of Wyoming, said the bill was the “most comprehensive drug safety overhaul in more than a decade.” The no vote was cast by Senator Bernard Sanders, independent of Vermont, an outspoken critic of the pharmaceutical industry who said he was “extremely disappointed” that the bill did not legalize imports.
At the moment, the cab tube has novelty, but that can wear off pretty quickly after one too many loops of Chase credit card ads or movie reviews from NBC’s “Reel Talk.” But the technology allows for more and better programming, and viewers do have a voice in what they watch while traveling.
We would financially motivate but morally deplore illegal immigrants’ determination to break our laws and risk their lives to work for us.
The comedy-reality premise of “Kenny vs. Spenny” is streamlined to suit the presumably short attention spans of the male, 18-to-34 demographic it seeks.
For a B&B experience, the Deer Brook Inn (535 Woodstock Road, Woodstock, 802-672-3713; www.deerbrookinn.com ), five miles west of Woodstock village, has a suite that includes a sofa bed for the children and a three-course breakfast featuring organic eggs from a neighbor's farm.
and Mrs. Edgehill” begins as a domestic drama but enlarges in moral scope to become a genuine war tragedy.
Looking ahead to September, when Congress will receive an Iraq progress report, Mrs. Clinton said: “We will have some very hard decisions to make.
From the rolling hills of Litchfield County in Connecticut to the white-sand beaches of the Gulf Coast, real estate agents say it’s a renter’s market this summer in many prime vacation spots.
Perhaps the demand to clarify things in advance does have an impact.
The flow of money out of real estate funds totaled $4.048 billion this year through the third quarter, according to AMG Data Services, the first net redemptions in eight years.
We all know what happened in Boston the other week, when the guerrilla marketing of a cartoon series triggered a grand mal metro seizure, but only I know what happened in Los Angeles several days earlier.
Cerberus officials insisted Monday that was not the case.
In 1954 he founded the Andre Emmerich Gallery in New York City.
They arrive with the soccer season in full-tilt boogie.
MARK A. STEIN Photo: Gary W. Loveman (Photo by Lee Celano/Reuters)
Most foreign countries with a robust movie industry provide hefty subsidies to producers, and South Korea is no exception.
The tabernacle was listed on the National Register of Historic Places the year before.
In a lecture at the School of Natural Resources and Environment at the University of Michigan, Mr. Ford also said he was concerned about congestion in cities around the world, saying it could be as big a problem as pollution.
Sebastian Belle, executive director of the Maine Aquaculture Association, in Hallowell, said: “The real issue on Vinalhaven is that wealthy summer folk want to use the waterfront for recreational purposes, not commercial purposes.
Unsurprisingly, historians’ take on the medieval age is complex, with many conflicting views.
Those most worth a visit are Blue Crane Vineyards (011-27-23-230-0823; www.bluecrane.co.za ), Rijk’s Private Cellar (011-27-23-230-1622; www.rijks.co.za), Saronsberg (011-27-23-230-0707; www.saronsberg.com ), Tulbagh Mountain Vineyards (011-27-23-231-1118; www.tmv.co.za ; by appointment only) and Twee Jonge Gezellen (011-27-23-230-0680; www.tjwines.co.za ).
Her husband, Gerry (Gerard Butler), however, doesn’t fully disappear.
Legal experts said the Florida suit raises serious First Amendment questions.
KEVIN, Santa Fe, N.M. Air travel today brings old memories, like overnight travel to Madrid as a student on a third-class rail ticket.
“But if that doesn’t happen, we will go to our other brothers who are offering their help and we will choose ministers from among them.” Some Western officials described Mr. Maliki’s announcement as the product of a last-ditch American effort to draw drops of national reconciliation from what most now consider a very dry well.
First, The Times reported that the only sliver of political progress — a tortuous compromise on sharing oil revenues — was evaporating.
Johnson has a lot of work to do.
But what did it feel like to her?
That goes equally for misconduct and for incompetence.
With the exception of John Edwards , none of the Democratic candidates list “taxes” under “issues” on their official Web sites.
Rodgers spent summers training as many as six hours daily in Rosenberg, a town of 31,846 that is about 35 miles southwest of Houston.
He has endorsed a fellow Republican, William K. Schmidt, a claims director with the state insurance department who served two terms on the Common Council before being defeated in 2005.
Areva is building the first of its kind in a dark pine forest in Finland.
Just failing, I didn’t know how to deal with it.
In 2000, he won the World Chess Federation’s championship, held in Tehran and New Delhi.
; many went “through the system early on while we were still building the blocks,” Dr. Sigford said.
The company has told investors it expects revenue to rise to $1 billion by 2010 from $720 million this year.
LINTZ--Worth B., Dr., respected New York City physician and long time resident of Westchester, died peacefully on Saturday, March 17, at age 83.
Herb is survived by his wife Evelyn; their daughter, Julie and her husband, David Safran; two grandchildren, Gregory and Emily Safran; Herb's sister, Ruth Berger; and Ruth's family.
Annaly is an investment management company that oversees a portfolio of strictly high-grade assets.
“They have not responded back on those.” Both the Iraqi investigator and the American military officer spoke on condition of anonymity because neither was authorized to discuss the investigations publicly.
The finale manages, with its sinking, sighing interval of a fifth, to achieve touching intimacy and at the same time generate enormous size and explosive emphasis.
He also directs the actors, to whom he doles out somewhat cryptic instructions and thoughts, notably “You are solid.” “Lynch,” which was shot in video and Super-8 film and will be shown in a digital format, reveals little obviously solid about its subject.
They made me feel fine, in fact, and warm all over.
According to the revised passages, the Okinawans simply committed mass suicide or felt compelled to do so.
The hat offers good protection from the sun, Mr. al-Mosawy tells Mr. Geller, the chief executive of Strategic Hotels and Resorts, a real estate investment trust that owns the InterContinental and 19 other high-end hotels in North America and Europe .
Can you buy them now?
Domestic breeding relies upon exactly the same pool of mutational variation as natural selection.
The highly unusual test takes the hybrid, which is now familiar on American roads, a step further by using extra batteries to hold energy made and distributed by a power company.
The family was assigned a 13-digit number and put on a waiting list.
“Captivity” is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian).
Average is not what the Giants hoped to have from Manning in his fourth season.
But there are other sicknesses to be diagnosed here, too — in the passions of a mob that is calling for a troubled young man to be killed, and in the community’s silent acceptance of the suffering of its immigrant neighbors.
WARD--Ann Curtin, M.D., of Riverdale, NY on November 23, 2007.
Mr. Taylor sensed an opportunity.
Mr. Spitzer pointed out that many other states had received waivers, though the one sought by New York would give the state the highest income ceiling in the country.
THE BILL Lunch entrees, $10 to $19 (brunch, $10 to $14).
Separately, ArcelorMittal said its chairman, Joseph Kinsch, 74, would step down in May to be succeeded by Lakshmi Mittal, who led Mittal when it made a bid to acquire Arcelor.
But others find it hard to keep their sense of self insulated from losses.
Through the first quarter of the season, Columbus, with 22 points in 20 games, equaled its point totals for the first 20 games in the previous two seasons combined.
; in fact she seems to thrive on it.
The first movie, set in the early days of a pandemic that nearly wiped out the population of Britain, followed a small band of strangers who came together to form a makeshift tribe.
“There’s no pain, it’s just stiffness.”
Just after midnight, a 25-year-old Bostonian, Bing Lyons, who had logged a number of consecutive nights at Utopia, shouted above the music to me.
While it is generally agreed that some changes in the decontamination plan are inevitable in the wake of the fire, Mr. Steinberg told the development corporation that future abatement and deconstruction work should be performed in accordance with existing procedures.
“The firefighter threw the jacket over me and held his helmet over my head so I wouldn’t get hit with anything.
The mother lode (“a principal or rich source”) is, of course, the great 1928 first edition of the Oxford English Dictionary, which defined 414,000 words in 15,490 pages.
“Brad has a lot more experience in that area,” said Phillips, who unlike Parcells seems protective of his quarterback to the news media.
Metamaterials could also be used for other novel devices.
Dr. Salchow and his wife recently moved to New Haven, where he works with needy children through a Yale University program.
Furthermore, even though the major carriers claim to be able to reach hundreds of millions of consumers, rural areas with spotty cell coverage receive spotty wireless Internet service.
Something is wrong, Carol thought, at the edge of the Naked Quarry.
After Friday’s games, he ranked 13th in the N.B.A.
(If you assume a year’s lag between policy and result, it’s 22.3 percent.)
For every recruit who gets away, Google hopes many more enter its pipeline of potential employees at events like the Google Games.
But the more immediate cause of his resignation was the effect of a crushing court verdict delivered in the spring of 2005, when a federal jury found that Mr. Jordan, this city’s first black district attorney and a Democrat, had discriminated against 43 white employees when he summarily fired them soon after taking office in 2003.
Pages pops a little into his mouth to demonstrate that it is safe.)
The traveling circus had been performing for more than a week.
Some economists have questioned whether Malawi’s 2007 bumper harvest should be credited to good rains or subsidies, but an independent evaluation, financed by the United States and Britain, found that the subsidy program accounted for a large share of this year’s increase in corn production.
“Culturally, it’s not part of mainstream Utah.
Ignatieff offers nothing, other than more ideology, to challenge this view.
Walking the grounds, officials from the two groups pointed to walls, windows and ceilings that would be demolished or reconfigured into studio apartments of some 400 square feet each, with kitchenettes and shared lounges.
The subtle shifts in the relationship to the ground outside instill a sense of weightlessness, so that you are constantly reorienting yourself within the landscape.
Grill or broil, flipping once, until browned and crispy on the edges, about 5 minutes per side.
Many Harvard officials, Dr. Faust said, feared that cost was driving the choices students made about graduate school and careers and that it had created what amounted to a two-class system among Harvard undergraduates.
Democrats and outside analysts say Mr. Bush has from the beginning governed as if he had a broad conservative mandate.
Her improvisations add meaning and a deeper sense of emotional connection.
“We have another fire,” he said.
Before long, it was producing the Auto Wagon from the same basic structure, complete with a bed that could haul an 800-pound load.
The expensive Medicare prescription drug plan that they championed, and which won Congressional support, angered fiscal conservatives.
A longtime head of the makeup department at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Mr. Tuttle worked on more than 300 films.
Loving father-in-law to Karen Meltzer and Peter Funt.
To Danny Sullivan, the editor in chief of the blog Search Engine Land, the minuscule audience for Accoona can be traced to its search results, which he said were filled with links to second-tier sites and those of promoters trying to manipulate search engines with various tricks.
Although Mr. Bloomberg has ordered an overall hiring freeze and has yet to agree to raises for the city’s largest municipal labor union, he has doled out generous pay increases to those who work directly for him, a review of payroll records shows.
Her lively curiosity, sense of humor and genuine caring will be sorely missed.
You don’t offer civilized behavior as an absolute when military information that may save American lives or lead to victory can be extracted from thugs who have no respect for the rules of war.
Revenue rose 19 percent, to $69.8 million, from $58.5 million, because of an increase in hotel management and ownership fees.
“They can build a big house on a lot of acreage for less than where they came from.” When Randall Rudy turned 50, he and his wife, Karen, left Los Angeles so they could raise their children in Texas.
Korda turns these coarse settings into scenes from “The Music Man” or “Oklahoma!” He is on much surer footing when the narrative shifts to West Point in 1911.
The changes announced Wednesday are the latest step in the Fed’s slow but striking transformation toward openness.
Some are releasing more video clips on the Web and cajoling stars to do expanded interviews with local stations.
In a virtual replica of the Art Deco hall, an audience of animated figures, known as avatars, watched the orchestra perform live in a choppy video streamed over the Internet on a screen at the front of the room.
This time, he has unspecified “privacy concerns” and even worries that the Virginia Tech bill might be a burden on the federal budget.
“For each additional recall and each story in the news about harmful products, the risks of impacting holiday sales increases,” said Erik Kolb, a toy industry analyst for Standard & Poor’s Equity Research.
An honorary gold medal was posthumously awarded to Fernando Bujones, the international ballet star, who died in 2005.
Feeling he has turned the corner toward old age and death, he is in no mood to have his meditations interrupted by a high school acquaintance he hasn’t seen in 30 years.
Mr. Cuomo said the suit was filed after talks with Dell executives failed to resolve the issue.
Unfortunately, the Ceiva looks like a digital appliance.
To the Editor: “The Hopper Landscape,” by Verlyn Klinkenborg (Editorial Notebook, Sept. 26), misses the point when stating that those who oppose the construction of a 6,500-square-foot mansion adjacent to the house once owned by Edward Hopper in South Truro, Mass., want to protect “the content of the artist’s gaze.” It is not Hopper’s view of sky, water and dunes that is invaluable, or even Hopper’s small house itself.
Lynch, on the other hand, is the steady son of a engineer who preaches incremental progress.
There should be at least one animal book under every tree.
Three games, three losses to the Red Sox.
Consider “The Brave One.” Set to be released on Friday, it was made for Warner Brothers by Joel Silver’s production company, best known for pumping out muscular action flicks, including the “Matrix” cycle, and directed by Neil Jordan , an Irish filmmaker with a flair for heart-of-darkness fairy tales and a taste for gender transgression.
Her mother owns Mostly Monograms, a company specializing in personalized embroidery items with two stores, one in Bethesda and the other in Bethany Beach, Del.
The complex, scheduled to be ready by spring 2008, will be used by the company and by other theaters and groups that will be able to rent space.
The abundance of man-fur tips you off to the fact that the bulk of the clientele is Russian.
Fatboy Slim, Mr. Byrne’s musical collaborator.
Fewer resistance tests exist for the newer, second-line drugs needed to treat MDR and XDR tuberculosis, and many of them are difficult to perform for a number of reasons.
Mr. Malarney, 29, is an investment banker specializing in health care organizations at Goldman, Sachs in New York.
Ms. Hayek will be chief executive.
To the Editor: Beyond “Iowa’s Undemocratic Caucuses,” by Gilbert Cranberg, Herb Strentz and Glenn Roberts (Op-Ed, Dec. 18), lies the undemocratic nature of the entire primary process as now conceived.
To our special sister-in-law and aunt.
(Sand gets inside my bathing suit.)
The mere fact that active substances travel through our bodies in the same way that humors and spiritual essences were thought to does not make them actual or even metaphoric humors.
According to comScore Media Metrix data, TMZ.com recorded 103 million page views and 10.5 million unique visitors in September, making it the most popular entertainment news Web site.
As the matchmaker matter-of-factly states, there is no place for love in such hardscrabble lives.
In addition, Dr. Melius said it would collect financial data on the actual costs of the treatment program, and administer a centralized pharmaceutical benefits plan that would be more cost-effective than the separate prescription plans now in place.
“It’s not surprising they write,” she said.
But the final numbers need a vote by the Nassau County Legislature, and Judith A. Jacobs, the presiding officer, said the earliest possible date for a vote was Aug. 30 — five days before students start classes.
“Anyway, they haven’t called me.”
“Books are inseparable from our self-identity.” Andreas Remmel, who with his 35-year-old twin brother, Paul, runs Bernstein-Verlag, in Bonn, a two-man, five-year-old operation that, as it happens, specializes in books about Goethe, explained, “It goes back to Goethe.” “With our system,” Mr. Remmel said, “ small German booksellers can specialize and cater to neighborhood and certain communities, and they also have their own opinions about which books they want to sell, which gives us a chance to find a niche.
Congregation Beth Sholom of Lawrence, NY, records with sorrow the passing of our esteemed member, Bess Yacker.
FT. approximate annual rent $121,000 100 East 63rd Street Manhattan A restaurant group has signed a 10-year contract to lease back space it recently sold in this Upper East Side co-op.
For the record, promotional material described “stolen” as an exploration of “borrowed culture.” Michael Gardiner’s contemplative musical score and Kwi-Hae Kim’s video of swimming fish, projected on curtains of hanging white strips woven by Hye-Sook Kim, added a little weight and evocative nuance to the proceedings.
Dr. Fryer said that after months of working with students, he has learned to listen to their opinions.
And it has made Makiya and the others who justified the invasion look reckless and naïve.
Novation, a hospital purchasing group, said its members bought more than $1 million worth of them last year and had not heard any complaints.
The Cleveland Indians had six in the top 42, but no other team had more than four.
In September, after two successful campaigns for legislator, Mr. González raised his profile even higher by winning the National Assembly’s top job.
Ms. Putman, who has put her stamp on hotels like Morgans in New York, will be styling the beach club with plank floors, blond furnishings and white leather.
A vast majority of Palestinians are Sunni Muslims.
Roshon failed to graduate with his class, and his football future was stifled.
The Mortgage Bankers Association reported that the number of new foreclosure proceedings hit a record in the third quarter and that the delinquency rate on mortgages climbed to the highest level since 1986.
When I interviewed him in prison recently, McIver told me that his records were complete but scattered.
On the first anniversary, she had been chosen to read names as a representative of those who had escaped.
“Instead of shooting each other in front of the Alamo,” Mr. Gonzalez said, “the participants threw flowers at each other.” Now, 116 years later, the Battle of the Flowers has evolved into a 10-day celebration that attracts 3.5 million people and includes 103 events, from a Mexican rodeo to the Oyster Bake held on the nearby St. Mary’s University campus.
While fatalities are rare among Yosemite's more than three million annual visitors, young males are disproportionately represented in the park's annals of misfortune.
Those deals are part of our natural expansion into the Eastern European market.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y., Sept. 10 — Kevin Everett’s Buffalo Bills teammates are accustomed to his silence.
He does not actually maintain the page himself.
Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research, Grand Central Station P.O.
When the Met started planning this “Hansel and Gretel,” Victor Callegari, the in-house makeup artist, wanted outside help.
In this sense, and only this sense, those who favor demolition are being responsibly contextual.
Throughout the film Mr. Fincher and company keep focus on Zodiac’s crimes, on the nuts and bolts of his deeds, rather than on the nurture and nature behind them.
“I don’t get upset because they’re not going to kick it to me,” Hester said.
“It’s not a multimillion dollar project,” he added, “but nor is it a $100,000 project.” Mr.
Giants middle linebacker Antonio Pierce practiced yesterday for the first time since sustaining what the team called a mild concussion last Sunday.
The quiet of languid country-town streets was deemed preferable to the absolute silence of whole abandoned blocks.
Alongside these is a fascinating frontispiece engraving by an unknown artist in a 1685 treatise on coffee by Philippe Sylvestre Dufour that depicts three men — representing the Middle East, China and the Americas in native dress — drinking their preferred beverages: coffee, tea and chocolate.
But in the spring, as he feared, he didn’t win a job with the Phillies, returning to the minors instead.
Another company, Yacht Share, operates out of Miami with an arrangement that is more like a traditional timeshare.
His owners, Ellen Lutter and Tom Anderson, decided to honor his memory by naming their sliver of a hot dog store after him.
How many of the student’s 10 roommates had he infected?
“How a doctor thinks can first be discerned by how he speaks and how he listens,” Dr. Groopman writes, noting that studies have shown that physicians, on average, interrupt patients less than 18 seconds after they have begun telling their story.
MANZANILLO, Mexico , Nov. 28 — Mexico tried to send a pointed message to the world on Wednesday that it took its fight against drug trafficking seriously.
She graduated from Fairleigh Dickinson University and received a master’s in international political and economic development from Fordham and a law degree from Brooklyn Law School.
The romance of the last-minute substitute has given Erika Sunnegardh a mini-fame of sorts in the opera world.
Parents have to take responsibility for their children!” On immigration: “They have to learn English!” Second, Edwards exudes a deep distrust of Washington that can sound almost Reaganesque.
It was a night of folk-rock, full of strummed acoustic guitars.
Paul J. Browne, a Police Department spokesman, said an investigation was under way.
The chimes still rang at the old church downtown, but the action now was uptown, at the distinctly nonsectarian intersection of Broadway and 42nd Street.
Services today, 10:00 AM, at Sherman Flatbush Memorial Chapel, 1283 Coney Island Avenue, Avenue J, Brooklyn.
Mr. Lemus’s trial is scheduled for the fall.
I wasn’t even sure I had had a girl, just a hunch that what I had been covertly producing was of a strong female stripe.
He added, “She was brilliant in reaching out and connecting to her audience in a way every brand would want to do.” And Diana is “remembered as this young, captivating person, a beautiful princess who passed before her time,” he said.
Those who remain will instead be quartered at an airbase outside Basra.
Mr. Thomas gave the game away right at the start, when he soared out in “Corsaire Intro” for a glittering few moments from the “Corsaire” pas de deux: Suddenly he stops, perplexed.
What I can offer to Mr. Porter is support for his theory that time is worth more than money.
For this Thanksgiving, Ekonk, which takes its name from an Indian word meaning “long hill,” raised 1,200 birds, up 50 percent over 2006.
“I hope I’m done with real estate.
Electricity is also important for sewage treatment, Ms. Michaeli said.
In response to the harassment, Mr. Sakai said, he had sent another victim in the case, Irving Matos, 42, to spy on the police.
Assault and battery.’’ ‘‘Ha!’’ she exclaimed.
And Jill Paice, as the classically winsome ingénue who captures Cioffi’s heart, subtly and deliciously sends up classical winsomeness.
Except for the part about the weasel and how assiduously it uses its paws.
That tournament was just a warm-up for the big contest in Dubai, scheduled for Nov. 30 to Dec. 2, which is drawing teams from around the world.
But none of these works approached the transformative energy of “Walking With Pearl,” largely because Ms. Zollar’s dancers settle into her lush, African-inflected modern dance language as if arriving home.
“We are making a mutual investment in people, processes and technology to provide greater continuity of the Dell brand globally,” said Casey Jones, vice president for global brand marketing at Dell.
He said he had prepared a level field for elections and invited the opposition to take part.
NATO commanders in Kosovo say they are ready to shut down any violence in the wake of the province’s expected secession from Serbia .
The government’s National Vaccine Advisory Committee is also looking at the issue.
The king’s rebuke followed, and then threats from Mr. Chávez to review Spanish investments in Venezuela.
“Every year it’s the same stuff.
(Photo by Christopher Furlong/Getty Images)
Foley Hoag, a firm in Boston, is navigating a middle course.
“If you’re convinced you can guarantee for your daughter that all those activities will or will not happen, then chances are good there will not be HPV transmission.” A study from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, published last week in The Journal of the American Medical Association, found that the virus was even more common in the United States than researchers had thought.
Paper Mill Playhouse, 3 Brookside Drive.
“Grow a house” is on the to-do list of the M.I.T.
Dorothy Chamberlin is survived by her sons, Winthrop Chamberlin of New York City and John Chamberlin of Leadville, CO, daughter-in-law, Lee and her grandchildren, Brandon, Felicity and Ned.
In interviews, people in their 20s told me that they have been either fired or turned down for jobs at retail stores, fast-food restaurants and social-service organizations after employers discovered they were adjudicated as juveniles for sex offenses.
Like many other towns in the wide reaches of central Australia, Papunya was set up by the government in the 1950s as a distribution point for the rations it gave to Aboriginal people.
“He just looked hitter-ish, like the way he is,” Lefebvre said.
United States Steel said it would buy Stelco of Canada for about $1.1 billion; the Swiss engineering company ABB said it would sell its oil and gas production plant to Chicago Bridge & Iron for $950 million; and the Taiwanese computer vendor Acer said it would acquire the computer maker Gateway for $710 million.
The Windows-only editing package lets you further Disneyfy your photos with additional clip art.
The United States Anti-Doping Agency announced that Bell tested positive for the banned substance methylprednisolone and accepted a first-offense suspension of three months.
In one study, researchers interviewed 518 people who had just finished meals at either McDonald’s or Subway.
You do start playing as a young child.
The letter shapes of Highway Gothic weren’t ever tested, having never really been designed in the first place.
Just as with the State Theater, which is owned and managed by the two-year-old Traverse City Film Festival, founded by Mr. Moore, almost all of the other restorations have been undertaken by nonprofit organizations.
“In a way,” he said when I met him in Brooklyn, “I see Etsy as an art project.” And after a brief recap of art history through Duchamp, he suggested that Etsy could “disturb” the way people see the world, rethinking what makes their possessions important or trivial, leading us to re-evaluate the way we consume.
It’s quite possible they would have moral prohibitions against simulating people, although the fact that something is immoral doesn’t mean it won’t happen.” Dr. Bostrom doesn’t pretend to know which of these hypotheses is more likely, but he thinks none of them can be ruled out.
About a third of the 30-acre site belonged to AGC, land the company wasn’t using but was initially reluctant to sell.
Device makers lobbied against mandating disclosure for failed products, arguing that releasing such data would be confusing to patients and would give away valuable information to a company’s competitors about devices under development that might succeed in subsequent trials.
Some have had to rent out rooms.
Donovan spoke admiringly, almost longingly, of Ohio State’s experienced players: point guard Jamar Butler, forward Othello Hunter, guard David Lighty and the reserve forward Matt Terwilliger.
Ruth Macklin, a bioethicist at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in the Bronx and a panel member, called the restrictions “hamstrings or shackles,” though Dr. Macklin said the report diplomatically referred to them as “earmarks or budget allocations.” “There’s a feeling that when reporting to Congress you have to pussyfoot around a bit and show respect for the legislation,” she said.
To the Editor: The question that should have been raised in ''Questions and Hope Raised as Special Ed Numbers Fall'' (July 8) is, ''How many of those declassified students are receiving testing accommodations?''
Art School at Old Church, 561 Piermont Road.
After Mya’s second visit to the TAPS grief camp this summer, Mrs. Williams prepared herself for a new round of inquiry about her husband and his death.
“So, you dressed as yourself?” “You know, Hillary, I have nothing to hide,” Mr. Obama said.
I’m just trying to release her.”
Dr. John Kassotis, director of cardiac electrophysiology at the State University of New York Downstate Medical Center in Brooklyn, said, “You can definitely take the leads out if they have been in less than six months and usually if it is less than two years.” Patients who do need surgical removal of the lead should go to doctors and medical centers that have extensive experience in performing such procedures, experts interviewed Monday said.
Jeffrey I. Citron, President Lawrence Handelsman, Secretary $(6$)KRAMER--Saul.
It was poor judgment, it was a long time ago, and nothing like that has happened since or ever will.”
And that the Baltimore Orioles do not have to trade Érik Bédard.
The new arrangements will save Boston Scientific $500 million in payments that would have been due in 2008 and 2009 and a potential $2.1 billion that might have come due in future years, according to Paul Donovan, a spokesman for Boston Scientific.
But not every country uses it, and liver cancer here may be rising in part because of cases among immigrants.
Her physician ordered her into an assisted-living center.
Operators of child pornography Web sites can use computer servers in different countries around the world and set up new sites at little cost when their sites on one server are shut down.
South Korea plans to break ground for the world's biggest solar power plant as it tries to diversify its power sources and use cleaner energy, the government and developers said.
Now what you do with that reaction is your own business, but I’m probably gleeful behind the scenes saying: ‘See, you didn’t know that you could react that way.
In lieu of flowers donations to UJA or Temple Beth Sholom of Roslyn in her honor.
The company is making the technology available in an open-source model, so programmers can use it free, test its abilities and extend them as necessary to fit their needs.
José Antonio Crespo, a political scientist and columnist, said that because the parties had a pact, the bills were very likely to become law.
Some of that money is still going into transportation, as the price of gasoline has risen.
degree from Harvard Law School and graduated from Dartmouth College, where he was elected Phi Beta Kappa and accorded highest honors as a Rufus Choate Scholar.
But it may be that genre writing isn’t Phillips’s best form: his debut novel, “Snakebite Sonnet,” was one of the loveliest coming-of-age stories of the last two decades.
In the Dylan “Spanish Dance” the five women — all piling into one another like trolleys — make that tread seem sexy, delectable.
CRAMES--Charles F. On May 3, 2007.
The last shipment he knows about was bought and stored by a Gazan arms dealer as an investment, “hoping the situation will get bad again,” Muhammad said, laughing.
“What I know of Islam, and what I’ve been able to practice so far, has been as a result of the literature and the books I’ve been able to get ahold of.
“She won’t back down from anyone,” Coyle said in a conference call Tuesday.
They ought to form a reality-TV union.
Actually the last major-studio Jesse James picture came out a scant six years ago — “American Outlaws,” directed by Les Mayfield ( “Flubber” ) and starring Colin Farrell as handsome Jesse — though it bears so little resemblance to historical truth (or, for that matter, a plausible lie) that it probably shouldn’t count.
They like the challenge of the space and respond to it with their ideas in unique ways.”
Every day I, and the vast majority of Seattle Symphony musicians, come to work to do our personal best, hoping to contribute to the whole and are thrilled to have landed in an orchestra that plays in a beautiful hall, sells lots of tickets and raises lots of money.
I was raised Catholic, and I was very Catholicized sexually.
Tom Bivins, a media ethics professor at the University of Oregon, called the Hewlett-Packard case “an odd one,” but said he saw no ethical problem with journalists undertaking a suit.
Though no dates or theater have been named, the $2.5 million musical will close on July 15, so the creative team can begin work on revisions.
Legislators are planning to return soon to Albany, where a campaign finance reform agreement is still in limbo.
They might blog about their disappointment, thereby imperiling O.L.P.C.’s continuing talks with third world governments.
“Flight of the Conchords” is cockeyed and a lot of fun.
With regard to the group Growing in Grace, about which I clearly admitted very little familiarity, I concluded that its significance within the larger picture of Latino religiosity was minimal, at best.
Scholars have pondered this question for years.
In an article that will be available at newsstands on Friday, the magazine, Protégez-Vous, said that tests conducted by an independent laboratory had found that some samples of Mega Bloks Maxi plastic building bricks exceeded the lead limit of 600 parts per million set by the Canadian and American governments.
The group, which gathers its data through surveys, represents 315 institutional investors that manage a total of $41 trillion in assets.
But because the number of food cart permits is capped at 4,100 to avoid cart congestion, and few vendors let their licenses lapse, new ones are not given out very often, she said.
Filled with death and departure, this segment of the trilogy is the most devastating, as a bereft Jamie is finally consigned to a children's home in Edinburgh.
My father held up the tank of chemicals, along with the gas mask he used in hopes of avoiding cancer.
said it would replace its 27 Bombardier turboprops with other types of aircraft in its fleet, as well as with leased aircraft.
Private investors have also balked because the American and European markets for the original design proved smaller than had been predicted.
“This is a big move for me,” he said, and it’s true.
tests to their pregnant patients.
Why move to the city when you live two hours away?” Or, as bands from Long Island might ask, why move to Manhattan when there is so much credibility to gain in your hometown?
Late again,” Austin said on a stakeout at Mr. Chow’s, the popular Beverly Hills restaurant, as he noticed his pal’s arrival.
The first is Sunny's Bar , which has been around since 1890, when its clients were longshoremen, not Pabst Blue Ribbon-swilling hipsters.
Electronic Data Systems, the technology-services company, said Wednesday that its second-quarter profit rose by a third on higher sales, but the company gave a tepid outlook for the current quarter.
“If too much capital had been attracted to these strategies, then that spread should have been tighter,” he wrote.
He is a former first lieutenant in the Marines.
Since then, 50 other riders have reportedly been implicated.
How are the tigers faring since the preserve was established?
VISITOR INFORMATION Meskel Ethiopian Restaurant , 199 East Third Street (Avenue B), East Village, (212) 254-2411.
“I have had some of my best games during Ramadan,” Abdullah, a 24-year-old safety, said in an interview.
221 in Little Neck, Queens.
Senator Bob Casey, left, a freshman Democrat from Pennsylvania who campaigned as a social conservative, has said he will vote against the bill.
She said documents showed that many of the patients had received radiation doses that reduced their white blood cell counts to nearly nothing.
Championship at Sahalee near Seattle.
(Ms. Ruhl wrote it after the death of her father.)
A visit to the store, replete with Catwoman costumes, thigh-high boots and a mock beating heart near a severed hand, raises the question: Which came first, the get-up or the job?
Under the new law, landowners who sell the right to develop some or all of their property to a local municipality or conservation organization can deduct the value of the gift from their federal income taxes.
It may even be helping, since foreign buyers can now more easily afford a purchase with their stronger currency.
“Ninety thousand students is a lot,” said Trevor Bergeron, a sophomore.
His play with French and with the Petersburg aristocracy’s Gallicized Russian is a major element of social satire in the novel’s composition, allowing him the sort of linguistic infiltrations later found in Joyce and Nabokov.
“In fact, all recent terrorist attacks have been conducted by the Japanese.”
“The city was budgeting as though the good times were not going to end, but sooner or later they always do.” The Giuliani campaign defended the advertisement, noting that it merely states that Mr. Giuliani created a multibillion-dollar surplus, not that he passed one on to his successor.
Be warned: Mr. Pottier has a free hand with garlic.
Chambers walked out of Dorrian’s Red Hand, an Upper East Side bar, with Ms. Levin and took her to Central Park, there had been a battle for his affection between her and a woman he had been dating.
Generali, based in Trieste, Italy, is considering acquisitions abroad as the Italian life insurance market contracts, and it will use funds from the sale of Nuova Tirrena, a car insurer, to expand internationally.
“A reputable company will have no problems with that,” he said.
“This gives children a false sense of security and rewards them for things they don’t earn,” Mr. Siegel says.
Harry served as a member of our Board of Directors for an incredible 53 years.
Research data like that might cause a programmer’s heart to jump just a little, even if these particular studies have among the worst track records of the sometimes arcane research that television companies do to measure tastes and habits of viewers.
“There’s a life, and there’s a breath of fresh air and there’s a mission that people believe in.” Times are good for the Cal Ripken Division of the Babe Ruth League, the New Jersey-based youth baseball organization started in 1951.
No political leader in the U.S. is approaching this issue yet with anywhere near the seriousness required.” So I still don’t know what Bali was about, but I do know that it was incremental, not transformational — and incrementalism, when it comes to clean energy, is just a hobby.
Pied-à-terre are the new hotels.
BENNETT--Marc, 42, best friend and husband of Anna, most tender father of Asher, adored son of Leon and Rachelle; died January 31 of cancer.
The main trend in the weight loss market today is the emphasis on wellness rather than dieting, said Phil Lempert, the editor of supermarketguru.com and a food marketing and consumer trend consultant.
The Condé Nast tower, at 4 Times Square, was followed by the Reuters Building, two other office towers, new restaurants, movie theaters and nightclubs.
Dr. Podwal, a clinical associate professor at the N.Y.U.
A subordinate officer, Veselin Sljivancanin, got five years.
But after having paid $200 for a choice seat for a performance of “La Bohème,” I do not care to have a child kicking the back of my seat.
As the four “super readers” journey to the witch’s gingerbread house, they follow an alphabet trail, capturing letters along the way.
I picked up a super-soft polo by Velvet, $58.88 after the 30 percent discount, and caught the 75-cent A5 bus back to Old San Juan.
Profits were helped by higher average passenger prices, especially on long-haul flights to North America and Europe, the company said.
An official, who spoke anonymously because he was not authorized to discuss the cases, found no indication of wrongdoing by the families interviewed for this article.
As gold confetti rained down, the winner was announced.
Officials at the city’s department of health and the medical association countered by saying they had a mix of services and groups covering the five boroughs.
As a result, the report concluded, “It is unclear whether the overall estimate overstated or understated the costs of monitoring and treating responders.” But officials at the institute, the federal agency that coordinates spending on the ground zero health programs, said the new report looked at outdated estimates, which they admitted were shaky.
Once the results are made public, any company or laboratory would be able to develop and sell genetic tests to predict side effects.
But he did cut his margin from 158 points behind Busch coming in to 128 behind Harvick heading into Saturday night’s race at Richmond, the final event before the start of the Chase.
Kelly Laurson, a doctoral candidate in kinesiology at Iowa State and the lead author of the Iowa prep study, said he was startled to discover that nearly 1 in 10 linemen in that state were considered severely obese by adult standards.
She teaches a course on African-American history, including the killings of thousands by lynching in the United States between the end of the Civil War and the end of the civil rights movement of the 1960s.
The university, whose arts programs are considered some of the best in Latin America, has nurtured a cultural scene so robust that some residential blocks have more than half a dozen accomplished artists, musicians and photographers living on them.
He built his campaign strategy on the belief that a victory in the Iowa caucuses next January would propel him to front-runner status and position him well for New Hampshire and the crush of Feb. 5 primaries.
If visitors can easily fill their nights with plays and music — for instance, the Beat Niq Jazz & Social Club has live shows most nights and the Calgary Philharmonic Orchestra keeps a busy schedule that includes Saturday morning and lunchtime concerts — there's also plenty to see around town in the day.
JEFF ZELENY Brownback Hits 3 Parades PELLA — Some presidential hopefuls may need little introduction, particularly to the voters of Iowa, who become accustomed to candidates crisscrossing the state in the early months of a White House campaign.
“The U.S. litigates at lunch, dinner, breakfast and so on,” said Pascal Lamy, director general of the W.T.O., in a recent interview.
The amended agreement reduces the price at which Lone Star agreed to acquire Accredited to $11.75 a share.
It is energetic, illuminating and irksome, and in all ways worthy of careful study.
The company declined to specify how much it spends promoting Bubblicious each year, but said that a healthier habit might be choosing a smaller portion of gum.
It can require a recalibration of the pleasure center.
Hotel options, both high and low.
A Pan Am Clipper Connection spokeswoman confirmed earlier this month that the service would end on Monday.
But, unlike those who did not oblige in 2000, the recalcitrant judges were arrested.
Some days he’s in period dress, in a frock coat or a milling apron.
This would be in addition to the $4.1 million emergency fund raised for its own members for use in the event of a work stoppage.
“They have their standard deviations, correlations, ‘stable value’ and ‘real return’ funds and nothing for what the normal human being would call risk at all,” said Frederick E. Rowe Jr., a money manager at Greenbrier Partners in Dallas.
Phi, the project of Susan Dell, the wife of the computer tycoon Michael Dell, showcases the artistry of the meticulously trained Norwegian designer Andreas Melbostad, who in the past served as design director for Donna Karan and Calvin Klein.
Fans who tolerate the repetitiveness and ideological bankruptcy of the “Rush Hour” franchise, for example, may be testaments to the power of hope and a need for familiarity at a time when the Iraq war continues unabated, pensions and polar ice disappear, and Al Qaeda videos enjoy wider distribution than Sundance winners.
“Maybe he was right, God bless his soul.”
Panton Junior is available at the Vitra store, 29 Ninth Avenue (13th Street), (212) 463-5750 or www.vitra.com.
Funeral services will be held Sunday, November 4th at Riverside Memorial Chapel, New York City, at 10:00am.
This wasn’t so problematic at first: exhaustion actually suits Christopher Wheeldon ’s “Klavier,” a dark exploration of the moment when opulence overripens to decadence.
The United Nations has a large, established force in Congo to help the embattled country in its transition to democracy after decades of war and corrupt dictatorship.
“I would stay in Massachusetts,” she said.
Shares of Barclays ended down 11.75 pence, or 2.4 percent, at £4.745 after dropping as much as 44.25 pence earlier in the day.
And he told them what that change would look like: dramatic economic growth, a million new jobs a year, clean cops, honest public servants, a free press and a relationship of mutual respect with the United States.
It would provide free basic connections for any computer or hand-held Internet device at numerous “hot spots,” including public beaches, major parks, ferries and airports.
TEACHING by example remains the best way for parents to inspire charitable values, but experts — and some former children — say there are other methods to help young people develop the habit of giving, even in families of modest means.
Theodore Eisenberg, who conducted the Michigan study with Geoffrey P. Miller and Emily Sherwin, said he had a question for the authors of the hellholes report.
The Jacksons — Michael, Jermaine, Tito , Marlon , Jackie and Randy — became famous in the 1970s with hits like “I Want You Back” and “ABC.”
She attended Smith College, graduated from the University of Kentucky and earned Master Degrees from New York University (in English Literature) and Columbia University (in Library Science).
He won the pole at Bristol Motor Speedway and finished second, then qualified third last week at California Speedway and finished 10th.
Waters announced an ambitious gathering called Slow Food Nation, planned for next May in San Francisco.
Some people thought the Summer of Ping-Pong unappealing and small-minded; others considered it just plain stupid.
Last month, she earned 40,000 Linden dollars ($150), for interviewing designers, arranging fashion shoots and writing about trends in Second Life, called SL by frequent users.
“You can go to some of these Web sites that are based over in Europe, but it’s a crapshoot to whether they’ll actually ship to you or if they have the capacity to do the custom forms.” There are risks, as there are with many things you buy on the big auction site.
Making affordable loans available to such residents was important.
But he is real as long as Macbeth thinks so.
My naked body swirled through the warm water of a hot spring until I had the distinctly expansive feeling of tumbling across the star-strewn Milky Way.
Instead he grew up to be a modern dancer.
“Clearly, players are getting bigger, but also fatter,” said Alexander, a pediatrician who has studied the increased size of football players.
(Somehow that’s depressing enough in its own right.)
At the time, that seemed a sign that the left was gaining the upper hand in its perpetual struggle with the center over the soul of the Democratic Party.
“It would have been bad, losing a chance to still be in the national championship race and losing to Coach Saban,” said Helms, referring to Nick Saban.
But among this species just 1 percent to 4 percent of males are left-clawed.
From 2003 to 2006, the number of advisories to the S.E.C.
John Varvatos beige cashmere sweater, $498.
Researchers often try to persuade hard-to-reach age groups to participate by paying them more.
But the company’s finances, especially the flagship paper’s, have held up better over a difficult year, as advertising revenue and circulation in the industry fell.
And Al Qaeda knows it went too far, which is why, as David Ignatius pointed out in The Washington Post, Osama bin Laden, in a little-noticed Oct. 22 audiotape, scolded his followers for tactics that had alienated Iraqis.
Carrefour, which is surpassed among retailers only by Wal-Mart, said Thursday that it expected the sale to raise about 3 billion euros ($4.1 billion).
— inspired him to try for something that could someday be part of an architecture exhibition.
The Tour de France champion Alberto Contador of Discovery Channel was 85th among the team of international riders who made the 85-mile circuit beginning and ending in Kansas City’s Country Club Plaza.
“It was normal for people working for Pdvsa to be very proud — it was recognized as one of the best oil companies,” says Tissot, the oil analyst.
“The fights are rare, and sometimes it’s just 11 people in a town of 5,000 or 6,000,” said Monte Shaw, executive director of the Iowa Renewable Fuels Association, a trade group.
What’s left?,” joshed Mr. Marriott, the chairman of Marriott International, last week as he accepted the magazine’s travel industry award for social responsibility.
“The answer is your commitment.” • The commercials and print ads are being created by the New York office of Arnold Worldwide, part of the Arnold Worldwide Partners unit of Havas, which has worked on campaigns for the GlaxoSmithKline drugs meant to help smokers quit cigarettes.
Metro-North, New Jersey Transit and Amtrak must work out how to deploy their crews, particularly if they operate outside their normal territory.
The conviction on Tuesday of I. Lewis Libby Jr. , the former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney and assistant to the president, came in a week when Mr. Bush was already dealing with Congressional hearings into the administration’s handling of health care for members of the military injured in the war and its removal of federal prosecutors from their jobs under circumstances that Democrats suggest could be politically motivated.
The area attracts buyers from Charleston and as far away as Delaware and Ohio .
But to Lance A. Gumbs, a tribe trustee, the audacity does not lie with the Shinnecocks, who say the tribe has been insulted for years by state and federal officials.
Foiled, the vet salved his conscience by sending the sum to charity.
In other words, it may have been the burden of the big career that made it hard for Mr. Coppola to carve out a medium-size career as a maker of moderately ambitious, high-quality commercial movies.
He is the son of Joan B. Walden of West Hartford and Hershel Walden of Great Neck, N.Y. His father retired as a captain with New York Catamaran, a sailboat charter company in Great Neck.
The government disputes it, saying that she struck her head fatally on the sunroof of her car.
It is unavoidable that many tourists return home from a trip to Europe thinking they could not possibly tour another church.
For most of the 20th century, that man was an American.
Forty-one percent of Republicans are over 55, compared to 28 percent a decade ago.
In her recent report, Yakin Erturk, the United Nations special rapporteur on violence against women, described what is happening in eastern Congo as “beyond rape.” How far beyond the beyond must this go before an outraged world responds?
He does all this with the help of his wife and five researchers.
Before Serena hobbled to the court with thumb and calf injuries in the quarterfinal, Venus recalled Serena telling her to win for her.
“This is unique in America,” said Gary Tinterow, the Met’s curator in charge of 19th-century, Modern and contemporary art.
“People here are thinking the Hamptons are beginning to move into Montauk,” said George Gallaway, owner of the Sail Inn.
“It was wild,” he recalled.
The argument did not prevail.
Rock Band is not MTV’s first foray into games.
City Center’s president, Arlene Shuler, minimized the changes, which she noted were first made public eight months ago.
Stumbling off balance as he approached the end zone on a 21-yard run, Jacobs had the ball punched out of his hands by defensive end Juqua Thomas just before hitting the ground at Philadelphia’s 10-yard line.
And behind his desk chair, next to an umbrella, a Kalashnikov leaned against the wall.
The audience members moaned, cheered and took snapshots with their cellphones.
Appearing unexpectedly in the final gallery, it is a reminder that the familiar, beloved Renoir is only part of the story.
[And there is the likelihood of more large-scale projects on the horizon.
The search for Mr. Devoe intensified Sunday with the discovery of the bodies of Paula Marie Griffith, 46, her daughter, Haylie Marie Faulkner, 15, as well as a male companion of the mother and a friend of the daughter, in the Griffith home in Jonestown.
The United Nations painted a bleak picture of Ethiopia ’s war-torn Ogaden region in a report released Wednesday, detailing an acute medicine shortage, depleted food stocks, rising prices and an increased number of beatings and shootings.
“He was one of the funniest people I’ve ever met.
How did you get to head up Bath & Body Works?
and maybe even from the White House,” said Mr. Levitt, who is heading an advisory panel on auditing reforms for the Treasury.
There is a home-movie feeling about the photographs of suburban life that depict “Typical American,” Gish Jen’s 1991 novel of the immigrant experience.
Even yesterday, with his half-marathon streak secure and with three miles to go, his mind jumped to the next finish line.
The question is, how would he feel?
Cape Coral, Fla. TWO years ago, when Eric Feichthaler was elected mayor of this palm-fringed, middle-class city, he figured on spending a lot of time at ribbon-cuttings.
Sperm do not really hit their stride until they are deposited in the female reproductive tract, at which point chemical signals from the vaginal and cervical mucus seem to spark them to life.
Beyond the racks of pastas, olive oils and dried legumes, what sets Liuzzi’s apart are a mouth-watering array of take-home entrees, like a delectable ham pie ($22 for a 40-ounce serving), spinach lasagna ($3.99 a pound), chicken Marsala ($6.99) and homemade meatballs ($6.29).
Between July 2004 and July 2006, any glimpse of the habit dropped from 60 percent to 52 percent.
He shadowboxes in the morning, perhaps to make the point that the Irish are as into fitness as they are into self-flagellation.
But in a joint statement by the parks department and the law department, the Bloomberg administration said it had been contractually obligated “to reimburse the developer for costs that include those related to the mitigation of this former landfill.” Rick Matthews, a spokesman for Ferry Point Partners, said the $7 million and previous reimbursements fell short of what the company had spent.
Such hopes were raised yet again last week by the recent discovery, in the permafrost of Siberia’s Yamal peninsula, of a 6-month-old female that died perhaps 10,000 years ago.
But Ms. Price advises clients like Vanessa Ferrelli, 33, and James Muniz, 37, whose wedding this month at Oheka Castle in Cold Spring Harbor, N.Y., featured a pair of tango dancers, to limit such shows to two songs.
He never lets his adult perception of their vulnerability get in the way of the pleasure he takes in children’s complexity and sturdiness.
Consider him an African-American version of J. Alfred Prufrock: a tubby gay man who’s had sex with only three men, two of whom he paid; someone who measures out his life with coffee spoons — who, poised on the margins of experience, is busy seeing but never quite being .
In proposing a tax exemption of up to $15,000 for a family and $7,500 for individuals, Mr. Giuliani said that money could be used by consumers to buy an insurance policy of their liking.
At 9 and 10:30 p.m., Tea Lounge, 837 Union Street, Park Slope, Brooklyn, (718) 789-2762, tealoungeny.com; suggested donation, $5.
On Tuesday, the chief executive of Goldman Sachs, Lloyd C. Blankfein, told investors that he did not expect Goldman to report a major subprime-related loss.
He sold products bearing his signature (guitars, Western duds, paper dolls and coloring books), shrewdly selected the songs he recorded (“Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer” is still with us), created traveling rodeo shows and was a promoter worthy of P. T. Barnum.
Bryant seemed surprised and annoyed by Buss’s comments.
All three children have their own rooms, but the two boys’ are each just 80 square feet.
I understand that rules to restrain risk go against your grain as a former Wall Street investment banker.
“We’re in the realm of the eagle,” he says, facing the canyon, his arms outstretched to embrace the updraft.
Mr. Vyhlidal added: “A lot of it is about the heritage.
If Brackman needs surgery, he will likely miss 18 months.
Even if her daughter hadn’t stuck a knife in the boyfriend, it’s unlikely that Turner, then 38, would have developed into much of an actress.
The given auction was produced by Deas (North) and Palmer.
The Panthers averaged 5 yards a carry and rushed for 154 yards, including a 31-yard run by DeShaun Foster and a 21-yard run by Nick Goings.
“Technology is moving down the road and we’re moving with it,” he said.
Later I realized this was the reassurance of a waterfall.
In an interview with CNN on Thursday, Mr. Edwards said he was accepting the benefits and limits of public financing to support the system, which was adopted after Watergate to limit campaigns’ dependence on big donors.
Neither community members nor zoning board members could be reached for comment yesterday.
Mumps is an acute viral illness.
Ms. Ruhl’s theatrical vision is an idiosyncratic one.
Instead of dams, the exhibition suggests using wind, solar and tidal power.
In theory, the Jets should be a better team.
He is studying for a master’s degree in educational technology at the New York Institute of Technology.
The writers' strike is having a ripple effect on employment throughout Los Angeles, punching a psychic wound through large swaths of the region.
His lackluster performance included four missed free throws (on six attempts), but Marbury said the last two misses were because of the injury.
He was convicted of manslaughter as a hate crime.
But during a news conference on Wednesday, the association made it clear that Newark still faces sobering challenges.
This is what happens when you sit around and play video games instead of coming to church.” And I say, “This has nothing to do with anything.” But the way my family was brought up, basically every little sin you commit is another strike against you being able to come back for everlasting life.
The technique is to sell a stock at a loss to get a tax deduction and then immediately buy replacement shares through an individual retirement account or a Roth I.R.A.
The thought did pass through my mind, however, that if I didn’t do something quick, I definitely was heading for some major pain.
The program has a remix feature, so that agents can create variations on each commercial, including views of dog parks for one prospective buyer, and local schools for another.
In economic news, the government said the current-account deficit, the broadest measure of international trade, narrowed as expected in the third quarter compared with the second, to the lowest level in two years.
“No one should think the function in his legs is close to normal.
Many of the moves had been previously announced, including the intention to resort to large-scale layoffs.
“Vellum” is more a collection of occasions than a unified performance, but its best poems both describe and embody these paradoxes in richly textured language.
Giambi also had to consider the approximately $35 million the Yankees owe him for this year and next, which the Yankees could try to avoid paying by trying to void his contract.
“We have let some soldiers down,” said Pete Geren, the acting secretary of the Army, addressing the panel before the hearing began.
The Sooners also did it in 2003, capping that run with a 65-13 victory over Texas.
The organization reports that its health-care facilities treated more than 1,700 people wounded in fighting there in the last 12 months.
The pilot program would not allow trucks carrying hazardous loads into the country.
Grasping the truth about why more Americans are taking holidays from their vacations is as easy as stepping outside your workplace (the lushest of which tempt employees to stay inside by offering lap pools, massage rooms and the like) and seeing that the recuperative promises of the old-style extended getaway — the cleansing, amusing, soothing, stamina-raising therapeutic interludes that Eleanor Roosevelt once touted as a way for Americans “to build up health and resistance” — are redeemable everywhere, in every form and so close by that it’s a wonder thousand-mile drives in gear-packed station wagons still take place at all.
Dr. Jon LeCroy, a senior pharmaceuticals analyst for the investment and research firm Natixis Bleichroeder, said that before Dr. Nissen’s article last May, about one million prescriptions were being written each month for Avandia.
1 Ladies’ Detective Agency” film is simple and straightforward.
Northern Exposure Photographic Gallery, 27 North Main Street.
Smart move — throw suspicion off yourself before any one else can accuse you.
But even more surprising were the results: Michelin awarded a total of 191 stars to 150 restaurants in the city, the most of any city it reviews.
Services Tuesday, Noon, at Gutterman and Musicant, 402 Park Street, Hackensack, NJ.
As the undulating stream of humanity filled the parkway, the carnival took over the senses.
Rap loyalists may blanch at his new directions, but Mr. West has never been solely beholden to rap fans or to rap modes of thought.
MR. MILLER, an only child, grew up in Dubuque, a city of about 60,000 in northeastern Iowa.
“So long as there’s something you can do that’s positive, there’s a chance.
At once they said, “No.” Mr. McCain then spoke softly.
Another could not remember how to carry over numbers when balancing the checkbook.
Companies can continue making chocolate as they have for generations.
We talked about various concepts.
“It requires a very considerable concentration,” said Mr. Nash, who is 53 and works at Stony Brook University on Long Island.
After leading off with a single Saturday night, Easley bolted for second base on a wild pitch.
Paint dries and better reflects sound.
Japanese phone companies have been unable to follow suit because of a law that limits their role in the broadcasting business.
The warning said that he was thought to be homeless and addicted to methamphetamine, and that he had called his pastor on Wednesday saying he planned an attack and wanted the police to shoot and kill him.
Has he contacted them since his release?
Devoted mother of William (Karen), Peggy (Tom) McEntee, Daniel (Jacqueline), Theresa (Christopher) Gallic and John (Christine).
Based on Honoré d’Urfé’s 17th-century novel, the film follows two dippy fifth-century lovers through the agonies of love and betrayal, as well as one too many awkwardly composed shots.
The court’s analysis, in a majority opinion by Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, was based on the conclusion that the statute guarantees rights not only to children, but also to their parents.
Some critics thought any book costing 25 cents had to be inferior to the beautiful, expensively produced children’s books published by the more literary houses for $1.50 to $2.
Farther west in the Seventh, on the far side of the Invalides, on your way to the Eiffel Tower is the recently-renovated Hôtel Muguet , a straightforward family-run establishment that is elegant, versatile and clean-lined — the sort of place that works as well for a single on business as for a couple on a romantic vacation.
“Typically in a legislative session he would put forward a primarily symbolic social issue for the session: a “choose life” license plate, for instance, Mr. Barth said.
CLP’s decision is especially noteworthy, energy experts said, because power companies active in developing countries rarely undertake such initiatives.
“We would not be doing patrols,” she added.
AROUND THE TOP 25 The freshmen DeJuan Blair had 20 points, 14 rebounds and 4 steals and No.
Long Island will have ...
“Such companies deserve our gratitude, not litigation.”
Only three-tenths of one percent of all college scholarships in Division I, II and III are awarded to American Indians, according to N.C.A.A.
But Mr. Armstrong’s absence leaves the movie with a hole.
Bill Clinton did not campaign in the caucuses when he won his party’s presidential nomination in 1992.
The composer used a range of vernacular styles — tango, klezmer, cabaret — to create music about the banality of evil: melodious on the surface, rich beneath it and deliberately obscene when harnessed to lyrics about burning corpses and camp abuse.
But of course break-even only works if you don’t have ambition, and Weiss, like Govan before him, has ambition.
“He doesn’t give in, doesn’t give up.
These days, thanks to girls’ roller derby and a music video that Jessica Simpson filmed in a rink outside Hollywood, “there is a resurgence of the sport,” according to Chester Fried, vice president of the National Museum of Roller Skating in Lincoln, Neb.
One of the virtues of the curriculum in Bradford in applying Mr. Brown’s vision, according to his aides, is that it is taught by forward-leaning imams and is based on matching messages from the Koran to everyday life in Britain.
The officials said that the Justice Department would announce as early as this week that BP had agreed to a settlement to end criminal investigations stemming from an explosion at a giant BP oil refinery in Texas City, Tex., two years ago.
The pharmaceutical maker Abbott Laboratories said Wednesday that its second-quarter profit climbed more than 61 percent largely from strong sales of its treatments for migraine and Crohn’s disease.
Ms. Bhutto seemed careful on Friday not to implicate General Musharraf, taking pains for the time being to preserve the power-sharing arrangement that allowed her to return to Pakistan, and which may make her prime minister for a third time after parliamentary elections in January.
Senator Christopher J. Dodd, Democrat of Connecticut and chairman of his chamber’s banking committee, has said that much of the crisis facing subprime mortgage borrowers can be addressed with administrative action.
ABC then asked him to create a real “The Joey Bishop Show” as a late-night response to Carson.
You basically had a furnace here for 14 hours.” Gov.
Lee Woodruff read Ms. Raddatz’s manuscript and made suggestions.
Above all, he was a humanitarian who made a difference in countless organizations, particularly among Jewish charities here, in the former Soviet Union and in Israel.
An American effort to retrain units was already under way and could succeed in removing sectarianism from the force without requiring a complete overhaul, Mr. Morrell said.
The tour ended here, at Tempe City Hall, before a loud crowd of supporters and antiwar protesters.
Carly Sullivan, a spokeswoman for the Department of Buildings, said, “We have required the applicant to resubmit plans to limit balconies to the allowed projection of 22 inches.” Andrew Berman, the president of the preservation group, said it was continuing to contest the size of the building as well.
Mel was most proud of his leadership role in the growth of the 210 Footwear Foundation, an international organization committed to the well being of people in the shoe industry.
LeBor describes Jaffa’s past as “idyllic.” His vision of the future includes the “de-Zionization” of Israel, intermarriage between Jews and Palestinians, and a fading of nationalism.
Doctors, like cooks, often cut or nick themselves, and if it happens while a surgeon’s hands are inside the patient’s body cavity, the doctor is at risk of both picking up and passing on an infection.
The problem with these studies is that they assume that all parents that dropped or decided not to go with private coverage did so because of the availability of S-chip.
Of all the active players tied to the use of steroids and human growth hormone, which are illegal without a prescription and banned by baseball, only Jason Giambi of the Yankees cooperated with Mitchell’s 20-month investigation.
L.P.G.A.’S ODD ENDING Stacy Lewis will have to settle for being the first-round leader at the L.P.G.A.
At 11 a.m., Peter Jay Sharp Theater, Symphony Space, 2537 Broadway, at 95th Street; (212) 864-5400; symphonyspace.org .
Throughout the season, he kept the Hoosiers focused on the fundamentals of academics and practice.
“No,” he said with a shrug, “but I never thought I’d get this damn old either.” Then he sighed and swallowed the white capsule that my mother set down in front of him.
He also enjoyed sailing and body surfing.
There is no denominational neutrality here; the show aligns itself with one brand of Christianity over another.
Some buyers do not even own cars, but grab the spaces as investments, renting them out to cover their costs.
“A robust Republican minority in the Senate has kept many bad things from happening this year, as well as improved the ones worth improving,” Mr. McConnell said in a speech to the Federalist Society.
Garrett Willis shot a 10-under 62 on the TPC Summerlin course for a share of the second-round lead in the Frys.com Open in Las Vegas.
But in the advanced democracies, though power structures have changed, elected leaders continue to hold enormous power.
She now earns $960 a month after taxes, as part of a cleaning team at a ham processing factory.
But no part of her story, it turns out, has been verified.
Motion sensors track how often Mr. Araps opens the refrigerator, when he gets out of bed and how long he stays in the bathroom.
“We have the first year and the second year mapped,” Ms. Simone said.
Quirky old standby whose bar has more than 600 whiskeys.
trying to assassinate the king of Morocco,’ I asked Steve,” recalled Ms. Mortimer, 26, who had recently returned from Morocco.
screening program, ask to be tested.
No one characterized his lapses as sinister; they were attributed, rather, to a happy-go-lucky style, a large ego and a certain carelessness.
“Legislators merely substitute general revenue funds with lottery dollars so the schools don’t really gain any additional funding,” said O. Homer Erekson, dean of the business school at the University of Missouri in Kansas City, who co-wrote a national study on lottery money and school financing.
''In general, anything that is patrimony of the cultures of the world, whether in museums in Asia or Europe or the United States, came to be there during the times when our governments were weak and the laws were weak, or during the Roman conquest or our conquest by the Spanish.
Mr. Solinger said Moffett was far better situated for most Silicon Valley executives than the airports at San Jose and San Francisco.
According to his testimony, the American-led war in Afghanistan, and later Iraq, dramatically colored his views.
“It’s just that the opportunities are greater.”
The report notes that no large increase in world demand for opium has occurred in recent years and that supply from Afghanistan “exceeds global demand by an enormous margin.” It said up to 3,300 tons of opium was being stockpiled in Afghanistan.
Mr. Griffin consistently evaded answering questions about his sexuality, often joking about it.
But Dr. McCurdy said the main good news for NASA was that there was no evidence that the advice of flight surgeons was being suppressed or ignored by space flight managers.
But in the annals of first impressions, this was the equivalent of a slap in the face to a town she described as cute.
Look for it at nytimes.com/smallbusiness.
Heading to a different room, he waited for two hours to produce proof that his insurance was in order.
As presented by collegians studying the idea, the exhibits will show very little of Sing Sing's history from the past 50 years.
The company employs nearly 150 people, most part-time, and offers medical benefits to those who work at least 20 hours a week.
There is neither a cross nor a sign on the heavy metal gate to indicate that this is the official residence of one of the country’s most prominent Christians, the first in Iraq in modern times to be elevated to cardinal by the Roman Catholic Church .
Too much head or heart, unbalanced by the other, causes trouble.
In this way, electronic medical records generate better care and lower costs.
And there are alternatives out there.
Those answers may have to wait for a bigger study that will not be completed until at least 2010.
“Every community should have these — they’re relatively simple and rarely controversial,” Mr. Redniss said.
You’ll even find glorious local corn on the menu, something you would never see in France.
Like the recent film version of Ian McEwan’s novel “Atonement,” another story ignited by the destructive behavior of a pubescent child, “The Kite Runner” presents a world informed by a variant of original sin.
People reflexively reject difference; they are scared of what they don't know, and, well, you get the message-think here.
But as Hughes learned, some of the critics — particularly the legislative leaders whom he personally castigated and apparently figured he could govern without — were hardy perennials primarily motivated by their own survival.
“We knew the play existed, but we didn’t know if we would find it,” Professor Wilson said.
Beloved father of Jessica and Liza.
Lenders have found it difficult to raise cash as investors shun mortgage-backed securities because of rising defaults by borrowers.
“I tell them they are going to go through drama in their heads.
Still, the general vibe was more respectful than playful, which made sense.
But he treated his reinstatement with relative nonchalance.
Health care providers have been dreaming about electronic records for so long that the idea has begun to seem like vaporware, a never-to-be-realized fantasy similar to flying cars and jetpacks.
But that advance proved short-lived after two Federal Reserve officials expressed concern yesterday about the subprime mortgage crisis and its impact on banks and brokerage firms.
investigated the university’s role in the campaign and Mr. Brooker gave inaccurate information to take the blame and shield Mr. Roberts and other officials in what Mr. Brooker called a cover-up.
The other advantage to Google Docs is that if you give permission, other people can edit it online, even while you’re working on it.
(The highlight was the moment when Nadja Swarovski asked Michael Douglas why he didn’t reprise his role in “Basic Instinct 2.” “Because,” he replied, “I now have a flabby ass.”) On another night, Tamara Mellon, the president of Jimmy Choo shoes, hosted a dinner that vaguely had some connection to the Whitney Museum of American Art, the mood of which was best captured by one of the guests, Tom Freston.
For them, care has focused on treating symptoms with antihistamines and decongestants, not diagnosing the allergy and avoiding its triggers.
They filled nearby pubs and fast-food restaurants before making their way into the stadium.
REDSKINS at GIANTS Todd Collins will be the starting quarterback for Washington (6-7), 10 years 2 days after his last N.F.L.
As I roamed through online discussion boards and blogs, the tone was nearly always pleasant, even exuberant — fans politely chatting with their favorite artists or gushing praise.
In the past 13 years, Ms. Burns has spent hundreds of hours surveying and numbering looter holes in a one-acre section of flat ground known as the “campsite” in the island’s center.
Loving mother of Geraldine B. Ertel and Liane B. Rosenberg.
Perhaps predictably, it could be said that a kind of Bosnia nostalgia is taking hold in Washington these days over the quandary of Iraq , at least among those who look to its lessons for a way to end the violence.
And then there is the deal-breaker: the family must be vegetarian.
“It’s important in political campaigns and political protests, and it has affected the outcomes of elections.” Timothy Wu, a law professor at Columbia, said it was possible to find analogies to Verizon’s decision abroad.
Indeed, Dallek’s extensive use of recently declassified material — millions of pages of national security documents, 2,800 hours of Nixon’s secret tape recordings and 20,000 pages of transcriptions of Kissinger’s phone calls — seems to have turned up nothing to revise the broad contours of either man’s life.
On his showroom walls were photos of Mr. Gidron with President Ronald Reagan, Gov.
But because some illnesses take many years to develop, state laws give ground zero workers and volunteers the chance to register with the board to preserve their right to file claims if they become ill in the future.
In June, the Dacus fly bore into the fruit, causing it to drop off the tree.
Her Roméo for all was supposed to be Villazón, one of her favorite partners, with whom she has recorded an album of duets that came out here this fall.
“There were certain oddities about the case that, I think, people around here knowing where the crime was situated — that he was on that side of town,” said Kirk Sprenger, 45, the owner of Chappaqua Wine & Spirit.
But as the uptown fair has lost steam and the downtown fair gained exuberance, distinctions have blurred.
China regards the event as a coming-out party to highlight its economic rise and emergence as a world power.
By the time he moved out of the city, his work had been acquired by several Manhattan museums, and he had exhibited all over the country and around the world.
For now, if it’s Friday or Saturday night, and I hear the garage door open and see them hop on their bikes, I dread it, because I know, come midnight, I’ll have to play detective.
The museum would be encased like some valuable relic from another era, and shielded from the street by a long rectangular building housing the lobby, bookstore and auditorium.
And it’s not available because the demand isn’t there.” Even when people can find E85, they are often fooled by the price.
The results came in slightly stronger than expected and initially sent AMR’s share price up sharply.
“We have to look how the situation got so far” into a loss, a spokesman for the Federal Banking Commission, Alain Bichsel, said.
“There’s yardage involved and there’s a goal post.
His financial woes mean that he may not be well-prepared financially for the big day of primaries on Feb. 5, when hefty advertising budgets are likely to trump the personal campaigning that Mr. McCain relishes.
“We’re not the Tigers,” Rockies first baseman Todd Helton said.
Words like “cozy” and “charming” are often used for small spaces, and “private” and “quiet” usually means an apartment faces the back of a building and has no views.
Balance is the catchphrase at Westin hotels.
The Opera House is French, but a few steps away the Place de la République , built after the Germans took the city in 1871, feels like a miniature pre-war Berlin, especially with Kaiser Wilhelm's former palace, looking like nothing so much as a baby Reichstag, anchoring the circle.
This is how radical art operates.
It was part rock concert, part traditional ceremony and part ’70s be-in.
“Do you believe that compromise, triangulation, will bring about big change?” he asked the audience.
“I shouldn’t be here right now,” said Caleb Field, a junior who has not had two shots but was studying at the university’s student center Friday afternoon.
Indie-rock bands run a gantlet of blogs that might include a round of breathless hype that vaults them to Next-Big-Thing status then a thorough backlash, all before they even release an album.
A court decision has spared the Jerusalem Symphony from oblivion on the eve of its 70th anniversary.
After moving to Manhattan several years ago, he remained a respected young leader in his church ward.
Everything from the front door to the walkway leading to the house can be wrought by hand, he said.
It became an emotional flash point after the 1999 fatal police shooting of Amadou Diallo, an unarmed black street peddler.
No one grabs my arm or tries to sell me anything, as often happens in Phuket.
The China Development Bank, a state-owned institution, agreed last week to invest 2.2 billion euros ($3 billion) in Barclays, the British bank, and to invest an additional 7.6 billion euros if Barclays wins the ongoing bidding for ABN Amro.
The agency did not immediately make available a list of the companies it warned.
“Coming here helps me with my manic depression,” he said one day as he chomped on a free bagel.
man, Roy Lindley DeVecchio, in State Supreme Court in Brooklyn.
Uptown at Peter Elliot, the 30-year-old retailer of upper-crust attire, there has even been a run on tailored blazers — short sequined ones from Tracy Reese for $405 and silk jacquard smoking jackets from Belvest for $2,300, said Eileen Sorota, the manager of the women’s store.
), who knows him only as Karan — engage in a teasing push-pull.
Tests of most social behaviors show they are very weakly heritable.
Gabrielle’s 78 Main Street Centerbrook (860) 767-2440 www.gabrielles.net GOOD THE SPACE Renovated Victorian house with tables and eat-in bar on the ground floor.
Last year, a Pentagon review found that as many as 260 reports in the database, known as Talon, were improperly collected or kept there.
''But I remember him, and to me, he's the gold standard, so that's something special.''
Opponents, including teachers' unions, the National PTA and the N.A.A.C.P., said the program would harm public schools and gathered more than 124,000 signatures to force Utah's first referendum since 1974.
Convinced that more couples would choose to continue their pregnancies if they better appreciated what it meant to raise a child with Down syndrome, a growing group of parents is seeking to insert their own positive perspectives into a decision often dominated by daunting medical statistics and doctors who feel obligated to describe the difficulties of life with a disabled child.
games were unveiled last night, Richt expressed displeasure that his team would play Hawaii in the Sugar Bowl instead of Ohio State for the title.
After 51 Bf6, White’s pawns are faster than Black’s (for example, 51 ... c3 52 f5 c2 53 Bg5 Bh4 54 Bh6), so Nisipeanu gave up.
The government seeks to foster greater civic engagement, because a lack of engagement is widely considered a big cause of Muslim extremism in Europe.
“We see significant opportunities for long-term growth and value creation.” These days A.M.D.
“If I went back to feeding everybody once a month, we’d be down to the bare walls.” The vast majority of her clients represent the working poor; suddenly they are consuming charity by the can-load.
Yet the authenticity of tone, poised like life between slapstick and tragedy, doesn’t falter.
I thought I could send a little valentine, kind of, to everyone, just saying hello.” Mr. Harrison had been thinking about getting in touch since reading in an article in The New York Times 15 months ago that two teenagers whose mothers had used his sperm to conceive were looking for him.
“There’s no doubt we realized we had a very powerful asset we were not using strongly enough,” Mr. Howell said.
Meanwhile, I underwent my treatment — three operations, eight sessions of dose-dense chemotherapy and six weeks of daily radiation treatments.
Davydenko won the first set, 6-2, over the 87th-ranked Martin Vassallo Arguello of Argentina.
I am sitting on the front porch of my father’s house in a small town in the heart of California’s almond country.
With Jordan's article fresh in my mind, I wondered if perhaps there's a gambler in all of us.
“Modifications to some of the plans will need to be made to address concerns expressed by city emergency responders,” Alan J. Steinberg, the agency’s regional administrator, said in a statement.
None of these senior Republicans from Ohio, all of whom have announced plans not to seek another term in the House next year, cite their reduced status in the minority as a major factor in deciding to join the exodus of their party members from Congress.
Dance and fashion have influenced each other since at least the days of the Ballets Russes in the early 20th century, and there have been countless fruitful collaborations between designers and choreographers, from Coco Chanel and Bronislava Nijinska to Isaac Mizrahi and Mark Morris.
Coach Isiah Thomas has a tenuous hold on his locker room.
Dell is emphasizing weight rather than fashion colors in its more expensive XPS line.
Certain needs are themselves luxuries, or at any rate status symbols.
Will the Mets acquire a front-line starting pitcher, pacifying their critics who don’t believe they have enough pitching to win their division?
The mystery is why more affluent districts that are willing to pay for gifted football coaches aren’t starting language instruction earlier, particularly in areas with significant immigrant populations.
He confesses to his diary that he fears that he and Ken Galbraith have been “had” by Kennedy, that he will drop the liberals once he has used them.
Gill, Tommy, Jen, and Danielle
I, too, am worried about getting my kids on time, but I find myself wondering what Poncho says to hers before she goes to the hospital, or when they ask if she’ll get better.
Senate Republicans charged on Wednesday that the Spitzer administration might have used a legal maneuver to make statements that top aides submitted to the attorney general’s office appear to be sworn affidavits when they were not.
“Colma: The Musical” is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian).
“He didn’t provide any real new information.” One result was a disaster for Sallie Mae stock.
The first is that affluent families continue to do better than others, thanks to healthy income gains and a rising stock market.
While in law school at Harvard, Judge Filip was listed as vice president of the school’s chapter of the Federalist Society, an influential group of conservative lawyers whose members have been tapped for many prominent jobs in the Bush administration.
But it is more typical to see a two- or three-story colonial or Victorian, dating to the late 1800s or early 1900s.
The acquisition is expected to be announced as early as today, these people said.
It was difficult then, and especially difficult now during this holiday season, to think of the poor paratrooper’s young wife — and the ultimate sacrifice that this soldier made.
And this poses an uncomfortable dilemma: At what point do we — that is, the public that idolizes him, his government and private clients — have an obligation to intervene?
Gladys’s condition was initially misdiagnosed, as was all too common for sickle cell cases in the early ’60s.
While the view that tribe and clan — the basic building blocks of nomadic, or semi-transient societies— influence the contemporary politics of some countries is nothing new, specialists in nomadic studies argue that policy makers have overlooked important “cultural intelligence,” like family relationships, when analyzing governments that grew out of tribal traditions.
The American Civil Liberties Union and its Board of Directors mourn the passing of legendary civil rights attorney Catherine G. ''Katie'' Roraback.
Ask for a walking guide to steel mill relics, including the old pump house.
And a 2005 study in The New England Journal of Medicine predicted that average life expectancy in the United States would decline in the next 20 years as a result of unhealthy lifestyles, reversing a trend dating to the 1850s.
Among modern thinkers, Rousseau was the first to declare that there is no shame in saying that faith in God is humanly necessary.
“These are people who are sharing apartments together, playing on the same softball teams, dating each other—young people with active social lives.” The new law has quickly sent a ripple of fear through K Street.
There is also the likelihood, given the undecided state of most voters, that the June legislative elections will not result in a further victory for the right, which will create a situation of ''cohabitation'' similar to the one that exists currently in the United States with George W. Bush in the White House and the Democrats controlling Congress.
Between 4 and 4:30 a.m., Mr. Hayes went to a BP station on Main Street, where he bought four cans of gasoline.
When I got halfway, I started to find, on each of the landings, a man strumming a ukulele and a woman in a grass skirt and coconut bikini, hula dancing.
Donning a homemade zebra suit and a new heroic identity, Ichikawa sets out to save his district.
One of the strengths of “Breach,” a thriller that manages to excite and unnerve despite our knowing the ending, is how well it captures the utter banality of this man and his world.
The Blackhawks are one of the N.H.L’s venerable clubs, an Original Six franchise founded in 1926, and banners at the United Center hail their former stars Bobby Hull, Stan Mikita, Tony Esposito, Glenn Hall and Denis Savard.
Loving wife, mother, grandmother, aunt.
Residents will also be provided valet parking, shuttle service to PATH trains and ferry stations, and access to a 25,000-square-foot “lifestyle and fitness” center with a full-time staff.
But if you visualize a struggling family stitching together two or three low-wage jobs to reach that income in a high-cost area, the picture changes.
Mr. Abe’s cabinet was weakened by a series of money-related scandals and gaffes that forced four of his ministers to resign; a fifth committed suicide after being caught greatly inflating his office expenses.
As a result, pressing state priorities — enough drinking water and flood control to accommodate rapid population growth in South Florida — took precedence over restoring a clean flow of water to Everglades National Park and the surrounding ecosystem.
This is actually an interesting reversal from the 1957 version of the movie, in which Glenn Ford’s Wade was dangerously unreadable, while his gang was an undifferentiated troop of good soldiers — they were expendable, maybe, but on the other hand they were just doing their jobs.
But he did pack his electric knife, because carving the turkey is still his duty.
Universal requires companies to not only maintain current agencies’ services but also to offer advanced services like Internet-based telephone calling, network security and video and Web conferencing.
“I expected a positive decision.
During a lively question-and-answer period, Mr. Gates was pressed on whether the United States had a double standard in organizing the world community to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons but not working to disarm Israel.
“Nobody really understands what it is.
Martin Gerber made 26 saves for Ottawa, which started its winning streak after losing a season-high seven consecutive games.
Live animals and blazing guns made the show more of a spectacle than a mere stage play.
Two top-five teams — No.
“The thing that I tell him is that we have a good team, and that I feel that he’s too young to retire, because he loves the game so much,” Waufle said.
If World Series championships determine success, then the Red Sox’ system has recently trumped the Yankees’ modus operandi.
For Pedroia, the homer was something out of a dream.
The answer is that we are always weaving and unweaving the history of our days, that the universe is inexhaustible, that we affirm our immortality by joining the cosmic dance that is always ending and beginning again.
Sunday at 1 p.m., a workshop in herbal scents.
The latter two hits came against Jon Lester, who is normally a starter.
Defenders of swans and deer alike fight attempts to reduce their numbers, and little has been done in this state to restrain development that has destroyed birds’ habitat.
Le Massif, with a summit of 2,645 feet, can claim the highest vertical drop, 2,526 feet, and the most annual snowfall, 20 feet, of any Canadian ski resort east of the Rockies.
Richard N. Haass, a former director of policy planning at the State Department, said informal talks with European officials had led him to believe that a force of 20,000 to 40,000 peacekeepers could be recruited, half from Europe, half from the United States.
The museum’s curatorship of American decorative arts is named in his honor.
Business travelers, Ms. Akabas said, need to make sure they are not passive in obtaining nourishment and activity.
The food on board will be expanded to juices and wrap sandwiches and similar fare from the menu of hot dogs and pretzels.
He spotted a change in consumer habits from printing digital photos at home to printing them at stores, so he pushed the photo kiosk strategy.
Mrs. Hayes, 23, is a civil engineer at Boswell Engineering in South Hackensack, N.J.
The blaring television down the hallway.
Ballet Hispanico theatricalized Latin dancing, especially the rumba, in an excerpt from “Club Havana” (2000, to an insidious music medley), but Pedro Ruiz’s choreography relied on the same few tricks in each section.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY GEORGES GOBET/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES)
“My dad loved Beethoven and Mozart and would play it in the house, in the car,” Mr. Rudes says.
He said that he had additional tests Monday and was cleared to return to practice Tuesday.
CRISP--Mary Dent, 83, passed on in her home in Phoenix, AZ on March 24, 2007.
Tracy Lawrence, a 1990s country star whose career cooled off this decade, staged an impressive comeback this year.
She said she intended to support the Democratic resolution.
On Tuesday, Mrs. Clinton criticized the report on the war, but not the general’s character.
With so much apparently happening, it takes a bit to realize that, in fact, nothing much is happening.
The Hunter College community is saddened by the untimely loss of our colleague and former dean of the School of Social Work.
She was born in Scranton, PA, and received a doctorate in sociology from the University of Michigan in 1957.
So what do you prefer, American voter, the guy who has a bold plan for controlling spending that is never going to work, or the one who would not say anything specific if you waterboarded him?
MOTT HAVEN, a hard-luck neighborhood in the South Bronx, is getting its first-ever condominium project to be built with private financing, according to Wilhelm Ronda, the director of planning and development for Adolfo Carrión Jr., the Bronx borough president.
Mr. Shakeri, a member of the Center for Citizen Peacebuilding at the University of California, Irvine, and the others were held in the infamous Evin prison.
“Uh-oh,” I said to myself, “now I am about to die.” My wife was upstairs reading, way out of earshot and, anyway, if I were about to have a lethal heart attack, I wouldn’t be able to scream.
“We’ve been averaging 15 adults, which to us is like digging up a pot of gold,” he said.
Her father, Theodore Roosevelt, suffered the monstrous blow of losing his wife and mother within 11 hours of each other, racing through his house from one deathbed to the other, though he had not even come home for Alice’s birth.
“That’s the big thing.” The Mets went 5-12 to close out the season; the Phillies, a beleaguered franchise that had its own historic collapse in 1964, went 13-4.
The Walker Slipper Chair can be upholstered in your own fabric ($3,600) or in your leather ($4,000); from (212) 625-8066 or duanemodern.com .
Last summer, Google signed on for about 110,000 square feet of space at Chelsea Market.
Born on Sept. 17, 1941, in Cheshire, England, the elder of two daughters of a hotel owner, Ms. Allen was sent to boarding school at the age of 9.
The operation to clear the vendors from 87 streets downtown was carried out peacefully, though several hundred angry vendors staged a march to protest.
A spokesman for Fidelity, Vin Loporchio, declined to comment.
2 executive and advised Cerberus in its negotiations with DaimlerChrysler.
Andrew (Peter Cambor) wants a baby, and Lauren (Jennifer Westfeldt, who played the title role in “Kissing Jessica Stein”), his wife, does not.
A Queens man, Michael Anthony, 26, was charged yesterday with murder and assault in the beating death of his mother on Saturday at their apartment in Fresh Meadows, the police said.
Mr. Kurtag has not composed much orchestra music, but here the fineness of the textures and the originality of the colors advertise the poise of a master.
League members in the talks said James J. Claffey, Jr., the Local 1 president, rejected the league’s offer; union officials said today that the Local 1 negotiating committee agreed with Mr. Claffey’s decision.
The circus mounts spectacular shows with tigers, lions, porcupines and ostriches, as well as acrobats who seem to disdain nets and clowns whose silliness can be understood in any language.
When the dummy cards were laid, he realized that his only chance of making his contract was if his opponents’ cards were distributed just so.
“None of this benefits us.” Mr. Leal says the key to the renaissance of the old city has been a strategy of restoring old hotels, restaurants and historic sites to attract tourists, then using the revenue from tourism to finance more restoration.
Whitehouse, NJ on Saturday August 25 from 2-4 pm.
Not only will that keep everything uppermost in your mind, you will loosen up your vocal cords.
As the debate continues, one thing is certain: American shoppers are increasingly frustrated over rising prices.
The court will also hear two more cases that address the question of judicial discretion in federal criminal sentencing.
“One consistent element in these allegations is that you believe your foremost mission is to support the Bush administration, especially with respect to Iraq and Afghanistan, rather than act as an independent and objective check on waste, fraud and abuse on behalf of U.S. taxpayers,” Mr. Waxman wrote.
“I think you have to be prepared for the unexpected,” she said.
The quicker you tell partner your hand type and point count, the better.
Glavine said that his wife had not pressured him to retire and that his children would like to see him pitch in 2008.
He conducted innovative research as director of the Addison H. Gibson Laboratory, 1948-1967.
... Jonathan Groff , above, of “Spring Awakening,” is one of several strike-bound Broadway stars who lent their voices to a recording of “The Sound of Music” being used for a touring production by the Salzburg Marionette Theater.
What the hell did you do?'
The testing policy started in 2003, but players were not disciplined for a first offense until 2005.
He had planned to major in percussion, he later recalled in an interview, but changed his mind after a teacher told him his technique was incorrect.
These failures, he insisted, stemmed not just from the civilian leaders but also from a military culture that “does little to reward creativity and moral courage.” He concluded, “As matters stand now, a private who loses a rifle suffers far greater consequences than a general who loses a war.” General Cody looked around the auditorium, packed with men and women in uniform — most of them in their mid-20s, three decades his junior but far more war-hardened than he or his peers were at the same age — and turned Captain Wignall’s question around.
Even as he distinguished his and Seurat’s “scientific Impressionism” from the “romantic Impressionism” of Monet, he managed to unite what was by then a fractious group for a final Impressionist exhibition in 1886.
Sounds simple, but no — heaven.
One of the men, Kirby L. Archer, 35, has been charged with unlawful flight to avoid prosecution in connection with the robbery of a Wal-Mart store in Arkansas where he was a manager.
“At all costs, this site needed to be preserved,” Mr. Testa said.
He also wants to triple taxes on cigarette sales and to use some of the money for smoking prevention.
But the acquisition has been clouded by threats that Google could be sued by movie studios and other content owners over the proliferation of copyrighted material on the YouTube site.
Mr. Tsang said that China’s growth and the gradual opening of its financial system offered opportunities not seen before.
They are among the most thrilling in all of musical comedy, probably, but they are something more: finely wrought expressions of volcanic emotion overflowing the limits of plain speech.
But “the music business has changed, and TV licensing is now seen as both an artistic and marketing opportunity for both new and established artists,” she said.
Plan to invest more time with the interactive displays and videos, which convey the truly new contributions to understanding the science of human evolution and the complexity and connectivity of life.
OpenDNS has attempted to solve some of the biggest problems associated with the DNS system, such as Internet security.
In 1938, with Hitler and Stalin in power and the memory of war and depression still keen, Wilder summoned up a tranquil turn-of-the-century New Hampshire community whose most worrisome problem seems to be an alcoholic choirmaster.
Dan Evans, Mr. Bale’s character, is a former sharpshooter in the Union Army trying to survive bad weather and predatory capitalism in the post-Civil War Arizona territory.
The father is not Demester, but Blondel (Henri Cretel), a man she picked up in a bar she visited with Demester in retaliation for his refusal to acknowledge they were a couple.
With the world’s population growing, the agency believes that the percentage of adults who are now infected remains roughly constant, at about 0.8 percent.
John F. McGillicuddy, President Charles E. Rosser, Scout Executive
The special shops will also stock Christmas toys, video games and foods.
The courts would instead be required to provide them with counseling, medical care and the long-term shelter they need to reclaim their lives.
The block thrilled the crowd, as well as the Knicks, who long to see Curry play more aggressive defense.
In the dark hour before dawn, Soraya Naame joined the throng of Muslims visiting Martyrs’ Cemetery, clutching bundles of myrtle branches and palm fronds as tall as she was.
Her humility is the film’s strength; employing a technique she calls “passing the camera,” the filmmaker shares point of view to create a living conversation.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday in his radio address that he supported a proposal to increase the salaries of New York State judges.
At the New York Film Festival — where it will be shown as the opening-night selection this evening — “The Darjeeling Limited” will be preceded by a short, written and directed by Mr. Anderson, called “Hotel Chevalier.” That film, which visits Jack Whitman (Natalie Portman visits him too) at some point before the events chronicled in the feature, will accompany “Darjeeling” on DVD, but not when it opens in New York theaters tomorrow.
The Fed chairman, Ben S. Bernanke, still appears to expect an upturn in economic activity in the second half of the year and a slight ebbing of inflation.
It may be unsurprising that many of the items from Germany are about control (hello, egg pricker), organization and efficiency.
Thomas Slater, a spokesman for the department, noted that there had been “a good amount of public comment from both sides, and a very extensive review period” leading up to the meeting tomorrow.
“But it’s up to the individual after that.” He cited one of Mr. Hawkins’s caseworkers, Angie Pick, as “excellent.” But by August 2006, the state had terminated its custody of Mr. Hawkins, saying “the child is nonamenable to further services.” Officials said he had refused to participate in drug treatment.
Four years ago, in “Against Love,” Laura Kipnis declared monogamy unnatural, impossible and hypocritical, which, though not exactly news to Hugh Hefner, left the monogamous feeling strangely guilty and lazy.
The biting “Welcome Home,” about the changes the country has undergone in Jim’s absence, was a reminder that Mr. Cipullo’s strengths — call it aria, call it Broadway — are in song.
I would love to tell you it was the perfect play call.
She graduated from New York University.
Mr. Coon’s troubles started early.
Nor does it follow that particular historical contingencies are a necessary feature of the solution.
“The farmer had tears in his eyes.” The solution, they decided, was to forget about baby carrots and make something shaped like a coin, which would create less waste and better suit the Nantes variety or a Nantes-Imperator cross, which grow well in New York.
Credit scores under the commonly used FICO scoring formula range from 300 to 850.
Mr. Shipley projects that the tires will have run 400,000 miles or more by the time they reach 4/32nds of an inch tread depth, when it is fleet policy to retread them.
In the second quarter of this year, 3,500 I.B.M.
NetSuite plans to start selling shares to the public this week, most likely Thursday, in hopes of raising close to $100 million.
“Citigroup needs to make a change, and it needs to make it soon.” Citigroup directors and major shareholders, however, say they continue to support Mr.
Heat 1 inch of oil in a heavy saucepan over medium-high heat; it’s ready when it quickly browns a small drop of batter.
I have to look good out there.” INSIDE PITCH Tony Bernazard, the Mets’ vice president for development, has interviewed with the Pittsburgh Pirates about their open general manager’s job.
It does not break out domestic and foreign sales.
But sometimes a bolt of clarity shoots out of the blue, as it did for Epstein when she read Ankrah’s paper — and as it will for readers of this book who yearn for insights on how a deadly virus now infects an estimated 25 million Africans and has killed untold millions more.
No study was ever done.
What it can do, in the spirit of Elmo, is blare enough commercials all day long to make anyone batty.
He concedes that “the American Indians were not treated well,” a rather sterile way to describe a genocide.
Surrogate's Court, 31 Chambers Street.
“These guys were contributors and they were utilized.
The civilian, a guy named Klaus, helpfully mashed the concoction together with his fork, showing me how it was done.
”Star Jones” has to rely mostly on its star for her comeback, and sustained conversation is not her strong suit.
“I have to keep going.”
The lack of specificity angered several council members.
Coca-Cola last week named Muhtar Kent , the company’s president and chief operating officer, to succeed E. Neville Isdell as chief executive.
Wright also urged Ellison to write his first short story and helped him to get a job with the New York Writers’ Project, part of the Federal Works Progress Administration.
But he added: “It’s not the name that attracted me.
A native New Yorker and long-time resident of Chattanooga, TN, Seretean lived for the past 25 years in Boca Raton, FL.
“Go to the cops or don’t go to the cops.
Moreover, I hoped the sharing of spirits would help me make a friend or two.
The Constitution guarantees criminal defendants effective assistance of counsel and a fair trial, and that costs money.
And in Iowa, a 77-year-old retired farmer living on the land his great-grandfather settled in 1879 has galvanized ranchers, farmers and environmentalists to fight plans by the LS Power Group of New Jersey to build a coal plant on his property.
The cause of the fire was uncertain.
And, that’s without Mattel advertising the BarbieGirls site, even on its Barbie.com home page.
Third are the Internet protocol-based private branch exchange services, called IP-PBXs.
JANE L. LEVERE DEBT RELIEF Lawrence J. Ellison , the founder and chief executive of Oracle, is known for doing things to the extreme.
(In some cases, you can eat the shells, which resolves this problem, but the shells must be thin and you and your guests adventuresome.)
“It’s part of human nature and it’s tough to be this animal in the zoo.” But Ms. Reinertsen said people have stopped looking at disability as “total tragedy.” “People have changed a lot,” she said.
The suburbs are encroaching — one long band creeps along Interstate 10 from the Pacific to Palm Springs, sending tendrils of tract housing north and south.
Sometime next year, however, Teleflip will begin adding a 10-to-15-character ad at the bottom of the final message snippet; even Teleflip has to put food on the table somehow.
“It would be like, if on a busy intersection, a hamburger chain puts up a store, and they’re the only hamburger chain around.
VALENTIN YAKOVLEV stood quietly, almost solemnly, before the assault rifles, all of them tidily arranged behind glass.
After 9/11, Mr. Bush ordered the National Security Agency to spy, without a warrant, on communications between the United States and other countries.
He entered the opium business in 1963, when the Burmese government authorized him and others to form militias allied with the central government as a way of outsourcing the job of fighting rebel groups.
When the stock was performing well — and it rose from less than $10 a share in 2000 to $58 this summer — those contracts allowed the company to buy shares for less than the market price.
“It’s not for sale,” he said.
And any member of the public who wants to view the resulting DVDs can do so through the research institute’s library.
as a resident, I found that I really liked it,” he said.
We shouldn’t avert our gaze because we’re unwilling to tarnish Ronald Reagan’s image.
Amy Bloom and Brian A. Ameche were married yesterday at their home in Durham, Conn.
And her husband’s company is an investor.
“We were the hardest-working,” says one union lifer, remembering the ’60s, when he was drinking daily on the job.
Judge Radhi said he did not return to Iraq because of threats to his security, but he also suggested that Mr. Maliki was behind efforts to prosecute him if he went back.
The majority of the divided three-judge panel in Washington rejected what it called “a ‘heads I win, tails you lose’ approach to state secrets.” The government’s theory, Judge Judith W. Rogers wrote for the majority, was that “whenever the plaintiff lacks information about his claim, the complaint must be dismissed” — as in the Cincinnati appeal.
“Election,” the first installment in Johnnie To’s two-film Hong Kong gangland serial, is a densely plotted, pulpy procedural with a familiar enough premise.
This is one of the more rewarding evenings of New Jersey ’s current theater season.
“I know every square inch of that place,” he said.
I suspect that “Eurydice” will get under your skin either in all the right ways or all the wrong ones.
The five-passenger aluminum-intensive crossover would use high-tech electric hub motors at all four wheels, delivering 644 horsepower to the ground from a lithium-ion battery pack.
Last June, Playhouse 91, the home to smaller companies like Light Opera of Manhattan, went dark to make way for redevelopment, but now the theater, at 316 East 91st Street, appears to have won a temporary reprieve.
IF the boss allows an employee to leave early to take his children trick-or-treating (or to the doctor, or so the employee can watch a school play, etc.)
“This is an unusual working population,” said Grant Nakayama, the E.P.A.’s assistant enforcement administrator.
I’ve published in Science and Nature.
Ms. Sun said the company sold raw pharmaceutical ingredients in Europe and America and more advanced pharmaceutical ingredients in India, among other places.
The Darfur conflict has grown increasingly complex.
Ten writers have been given $50,000 each as winners of the annual Whiting Writers’ Awards for emerging authors.
Senator Edward M. Kennedy, the Massachusetts Democrat who was a strong supporter, did not vote because he was recovering at home from surgery on a blocked artery.
After Britney Spears’s listless performance on MTV on Sunday night, for example, “TMZ” brought no new images, but merely contributed its own acid quips to the already deafening din.
After almost 20 years at George Lucas’s Industrial Light & Magic, Mr. Ralston joined Sony Pictures’ new digital effects division, Imageworks in 1996.
“It was fun and it was cold.” Out of timeouts, the Bengals got the ball at their 9 with 1 minute 3 seconds left.
Taking aim at opponents who say he is assuming too much power, Mr. Chávez said, “I recommend they take a pill, what do they call it, a Valium.” During a meandering, theatrical speech at the National Assembly here, he said, “We have broken the chains of the old hegemonic oligarchy.” Mr. Chávez, whose current term ends in 2012, also laid out a dizzying array of other proposed changes to the Constitution, all to be put before a congressional vote and a national referendum.
He was a naturalist and a scientist, above all.
“This is a Las Vegas version of Chinese New Year,” Mr. Zhu said.
At which point he announced he was leaving me for another woman.
A man accused of luring people he met on the Internet to engage in secretly videotaped sex, later used for blackmail, pleaded guilty yesterday in exchange for a sentence of up to eight years in prison.
Wherever there is a network, I’ll be there.
(That’s an old ’30s flourish where the drywall “floats” a few inches above the floor, leaving a cutaway where you’d expect to see a baseboard.)
“Gone to the Crazies,” by Alison Weaver, has two U’s — deep and, after a brief intermission, deeper.
They found that adolescents who were exposed to the highest levels of sexually degrading lyrics were twice as likely to have had sex by the end of the study.
Many corner lots have sprouted glass towers.
Many of his happiest times as an adult had been instilled in him as a child at Camp Treetops in Lake Placid, NY, and the Adirondack Mountains were always his favorite place.
“They are all like brothers.
(Photo by Willie Davis for The New York Times)
“How would it ever accept Kurdistan as an independent nation?” Yet years of fighting the P.K.K., have made for strange bedfellows, especially in Bamarni, a village north of Dohuk.
In April the Saddle River flooded, damaging low-lying areas in this Bergen County township 10 miles northwest of the George Washington Bridge.
“As soon as they see the black garbageman, it’s rape,” Mr. George told jurors in his opening statement in October 2006.
“A pool should be more than a pool these days,” Ms. Sassaman said.
“Some people buy a sports car for their midlife crisis, but I decided I needed a law degree.” She served as vice president for public policy at the National Partnership for Women and Families; in 2003, after remarrying and relocating to Brooklyn with her daughter, Nora, and her husband, Chris Spanos, who works in international marketing at AOL, she directed the health care program for the New America Foundation, a public policy institute.
Mr. Born said the hushed oak-paneled lobby was meant to evoke the Bowery of the turn of the last century.
Palestinian officials in Ramallah were investigating how money was transferred last week to some 3,500 members of Hamas’s Executive Force.
But the Giants stopped far short of saying the game was meaningless to them.
In Africa, the number of deaths rose to 10 this year from 2 in 2006, according to the committee’s report.
The speaker appeared unhappy with comments the mayor made in a news conference on Oct. 16, when Mr. Bloomberg insisted that he and his aides had “answered every single question, including some two days ago that his staff and the governor’s staff has asked for, period, end of story.” The speaker said that it was “unfortunate, that in an irresponsible fashion, despite everything we had as an understanding, he chose to do that.” The proposed station is part of the mayor’s ambitious plan under which each borough would be responsible for its own garbage, a break with the past and one welcomed by lawmakers from poor or minority neighborhoods, which for years have handled much of the waste and garbage-truck traffic generated by more affluent areas like Manhattan.
Using this technique to make human stem cells will still face daunting technical hurdles.
In New Jersey , poor urban school districts now spend as much per pupil as the richest districts.
“Slow and steady is fine.” The team suggests the caterpillars could similarly be used in hazardous, hard-to-reach spots in nuclear reactors and spacecraft.
But none have the stature of Bonds or Jones.
Residents actively support neighbors who need help, said Mr. Sheffield, who once ran an international health agency.
Fifty-five minutes to go!” Viewers may want to brace themselves for a lot of similarly jury-rigged entertainment if writers and producers do not come to an agreement on a new contract by the end of the month.
It doesn’t bother us so much.” The cat-and-mouse contest here lays bare a key dilemma of the Israeli-Palestinian dispute: Israel has pledged that it will permit no new settlements in the territory it has occupied since the 1967 war, no more expropriation of Palestinian land and dismantle unauthorized outposts — like this one — erected since March 2001, but it has never applied the muscle needed to do so.
The report said the department has set a goal of having 70 percent of high school students graduate in four years, but its five-year, $13.1 billion school construction plan, which calls for the creation of 26,000 high school seats, assumes a graduation rate of only 46 percent.
Marcos Lopez shows small but intriguingly staged photographs of autopsies, with the arrangement of the figures mirroring scenes from Western religious iconographic traditions.
That is a far cry from Army Weeks past, when “people were just going crazy,” said David Ricci, a 1997 Navy graduate who lives in Manhattan.
“We’re in New Haven,” he said, using the metaphor of a theatrical production that is staged elsewhere than New York to get the kinks out before opening on Broadway.
“I don’t know if people believe me, but I never rewatch my own movies.” Such modesty is in keeping with Mr. Lumet’s directorial personality.
Alt rock plays loudly, and low seats cluster in nooks around tiny tables crowded with big wine glasses.
We do, of course, need to do a better job of picking our monsters.
“Those who have come illegally, in my view, should be given the opportunity to get in line with everybody else,” he said, “but there should be no special pathway for those that have come here illegally to jump ahead of the line or to be come permanent residents or citizens.” Mr. Giuliani said the nation’s first priority should be securing the border and establishing a tamperproof identification card.
They have produced a counter-petition, signed by about 1,300 people, including many professors around the country and abroad, urging that she receive tenure and calling the attacks on her “an orchestrated witch hunt” by those trying to shut down legitimate intellectual inquiry.
Presented by Westbeth Entertainment, Arnold Engelman and Chris Petrelli, executive producers.
The whole genre is decidedly homemade, a little lazy even, bailing on the need for scripts and actors, for riffs and romps.
D. J. Drucker Chevy Chase, Md.
Shawn R. Klein Livingston, N.J.
The Liberty will be the underdog against the Shock, the defending W.N.B.A.
In lieu of flowers, donations should be sent to the Graduate College of Union University, c/o Union College, Lamont House, 807 Union Street, Schenectady, New York, 12308.
Worse, a disappointing percentage of the songs and albums never arrive at all.
But Symmes had to be inside-the-inside to find out that there had been an incident in the first place; meaning, this author is at home in the country, in the language and among the Cubans.
And just as when, in a movie, you see a woman light a cigarette, you can guess she’ll turn out to be a cruel malefactor, whenever any of Schine’s characters reveals a hatred for hounds, you know a conversion or comeuppance is in store.
Instead of fouettés, entrechats and pas de deux, there are levades, courbettes — and pas de deux.
In June, a private facility in Kansas City, the Stowers Institute for Medical Research, suspended plans for a $300 million expansion, citing the “persistent negative political climate” toward embryonic stem cell research.
Though she acknowledged importing dried fish for resale, she stared blankly at the assistant United States attorney, Jonathan E. Green, when he asked if she recognized customs declarations and other documentation.
Under the guidance of their first-year special-teams coordinator, Tom Quinn, the Giants regularly practice their kickoff coverage.
“Donte Greene is obviously a very talented basketball player,” said Washington Coach Lorenzo Romar, whose team dropped to 3-2.
JACOBSON--Irma Beit, widow of Aron H. Jacobson, on July 12, in the 100th year of a remarkable life.
The Senate majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno , forced one of his top political consultants to resign on Wednesday after allegations that he left a threatening telephone message at the office of Gov.
The emergence of Chamberlain, 22, solidified the bridge from the starters to closer Mariano Rivera.
The Officers, Board of Directors and Staff of the Carcinoid Cancer Foundation Inc. records with profound sorrow the passing of David H. Polinger on July 1.
Nearly half the nation’s children live in places where their parents fear that neighbors may be a bad influence, and one-third or more of black and Hispanic children are generally kept inside their homes because their neighborhoods are considered too dangerous.
The question is whether, in borrowing from Warhol, Mr. Gordon adds back enough to make the exchange worthwhile.
“One thousand lunches every school day for the 10 months of school,” she said.
Boesky loves her new, zero-commute abode.
One thing we know: within any racial or ethnic group, there is a vast range of abilities, intellectual and otherwise.
It took 31 years, but the moral bankruptcy, social imbalance, legal impracticality and ultimate futility of the death penalty has finally penetrated the consciences of lawmakers in one of the 37 states that arrogates to itself the right to execute human beings.
Last year the Nelson-Atkins landed the Hallmark Collection, a jackpot of 6,500 prints by 900 American photographers.
“But, mechanically, I’m going to do the things that I’ve done.
A few months later, he surprised me by showing up at my apartment to introduce me to a man he had fallen in love with.
He said he had experienced genuine emotion on viewing the work.
The Owls lost their first five games this year, including a 22-17 defeat Sept. 15 to Connecticut in which Temple’s Bruce Francis caught an apparent touchdown pass with 40 seconds left but was ruled out of bounds, a call that was upheld after a replay.
I feel a lot more comfortable with the guys, joking around, stuff like that.
Sure, he could do that.
Doctors were doing routine medical tests, she said.
For those who do not leave the sideline frequently, the dash to the field can be jarring.
That could create difficulties for New York City, because that is when residents will elect the next mayor.
He doesn’t show up in any account of Rudolf’s life.
We sang “For the Beauty of the Earth” and read “The Peace of Wild Things” by Wendell Berry.
Daughter of the late Frederick King and Marion D. King.
Goldman’s exchange is restricted to institutional investors like pension funds and hedge funds with a lot of money under management.
G.M.’s decision to move its H.C.C.I.
They didn’t have anything to give me, and they lacked a vital human skill: the ability to counter one palm-up with another.
Sherman became the Packers’ head coach in 2000, and Green Bay went 59-43 and won three National Football Conference North division titles in his six seasons.
Spoken Word NEW HAVEN Robert J. McNeil Lecture Hall, Yale University “Contesting Expectations.” Stefan Behnisch and Thomas Auer discuss architecture that is friendly to the environment and its human inhabitants.
There, a young reporter named Heather Crofutt selects the most interesting items, edits out the names and specific addresses and types them up for Police Beat.
“Ever bite into one?” Mr. Winters had never tasted absinthe when he started making his own.
In addition, all prospective brides and grooms must take marital purity classes and pass a test for HIV.
The drive has optical and analog audio outputs along with composite video outputs for playing that content on any stereo or compatible television.
Dr. Arthur A. Rouner Jr., a Congregational minister, taking part.
Nancy A. Nord, the acting chairwoman of the commission, said in a news conference after Mattel’s latest recall that she expected to announce a new testing program with the toy industry soon.
Of course, if the Chargers acted faster last winter, they could have promoted one of their prized coordinators, Cam Cameron or Wade Phillips.
At this point, Freehling’s “incredible coincidence” comes into play.
Picture for picture, the L&M Arts exhibition is stronger: it is more tightly focused, with a handpicked selection of some of the best of late de Kooning.
JOSHUA FINK and NAOMI ARBIT.
They have chubby teardrop heads and stylish, tapering tails, and they glide, slither, bumble and do figure-eights.
2001 $46 Grande Escolha Douro Big and somewhat obvious with ripe plum and spice flavors.
“I think we’re a niche school, and we fill a need, but I don’t think every school should be like the Village School,” he said.
Federal regulators ordered inspections of the wing slats on all newer Boeing 737 jets based on findings about a fire that destroyed a China Airlines 737 last week in Japan.
When the couple first saw the property, it had been tied up in litigation for 10 years after neighbors opposed plans for a development.
A report by the San Francisco city attorney cleared Mayor Gavin Newsom of any legal wrongdoing in relation to a cash payment made to a woman with whom Mr. Newsom had had an affair.
It’s about Charles Wang, the billionaire developer and hockey team co-owner, who hasn’t gotten over his tower fixation.
and hate the idea that environmentally aggressive states like California have the right to set their own rules — a right reaffirmed yesterday in federal court in California.
To the Editor: Re “Honoring the Dalai Lama” (editorial, Oct. 18): Not only do I wish that the Dalai Lama’s lifelong dedication to nonviolence and tolerance might rub off on those rushing to embrace him in Washington, I also wish that the Dalai Lama had used this moment to address our disastrous war in Iraq.
Willis is perhaps the most gregarious player in Major League Baseball, while Bonds is perhaps the most aloof.
On the one hand, isn’t it terrific that technology has once again solved a perplexing human problem?
Cruise ships are supplanting gluttony and hedonism with “edu-tainment” classes for self-improvement.
The story behind that failure has remained largely hidden, like much of the workings of the nation’s intelligence establishment.
(Louis/Dressner Selections, New York) Rivendell North Fork of Long Island $24 Merlot Reserve 2002 Floral, plummy and highly drinkable.
Start with one of Stowe's black diamond trails, like Hayride writeMapLink("http://www.nytimes.com/imagepages/2007/12/27/travel/escapes/stowe_map7.html",7); .
This summer's coolest vacation tipple comes with a taste of the Italian Riviera -- in a Negroni or, for spritzer types, with soda.
Then Mr. McCain turned to his G.O.P.
As we speak, we're in Botswana filming the wildly fashionable 'No.
When Lowell lashed a double off the Green Monster in the fifth inning, it was his first hit in a game that was already flush with Boston hits.
Politicians are as likely to be lobbied politely as berated.
Landon Donovan was named the U.S. Soccer player of the year in a landslide vote, becoming the first four-time winner.
Loving niece of Bonnie Frankel and Jill and Charles Auerbach.
The Rukhnama, regarded as nonsense outside of official Turkmen circles, is a two-volume mass of autobiographical ramblings, poems and oaths that under Mr. Niyazov became a sacred state text.
It also says that even though there are hundreds of dialysis providers, Roche could cite only Ms. Mooney’s case and one other instance in which Amgen was said to have threatened reprisals for switching to Mircera.
FROM the moment you see the flashing multicolor fluorescent tubes in the window display, you are aware, amico mio, that something new is happening on Fifth Avenue.
Despite the uncharacteristic cinematic style — all jump cuts, tight frames and compressed action — the novel has plenty of Rankin-worthy touches.
“I have overheard criminals plotting to commit murder, drug dealers making plans to drop off drugs, men beating each other up,” Mr. Van Loo said.
A grim-faced doctor told the couple that the umbilical cord had been wrapped around their baby’s neck, cutting off oxygen to her brain.
He wondered if there would be anyone left to cheer him on when he reached Central Park for the run.
He had his wallet in his trouser pocket, which meant bank notes and credit cards.
He may be a stranger in a strange land, but his American friends seem politically na?
Giambi saw at least one reporter waiting, but he never slowed down as he vanished behind a door.
Judy Sutter, a retiree who recently sold her house in San Diego, submitted the winning bid for a four-bedroom, 2,506-square-foot house in Menifee, not far from Murrieta.
They were followed in the 1980s by radar-imaging satellites, which can see though clouds and operate in darkness, bouncing radar signals off the earth to plot terrain and paint images of objects on the ground.
Families and friends of the victims charge that the police ignored the disappearance because of how the women lived.
Dear brother of Ethel Rickey.
A cute-as-pie Maltese with white stringy hair and button eyes, Trouble is not easily embraced in a city of grinders, and her defenders are few.
Among those searching for a place in the new society are child soldiers who, swept into the rebel movement by force or by choice, murdered and brutalized their countrymen.
Behind her words, I could imagine a gigantic sucking whoosh, as the display cases in the British Museum, the Smithsonian, the Louvre and the other great universal museums of the world were cleansed of their contents, leaving behind the clattering of a few Wedgwood bowls and S?
It is on the 12th floor and includes 2,000 square feet of outdoor space, more than enough, Ms. Stribling said, to compensate for the lost rear garden.
Bard corrected him: the police officers were in fact guests at the hotel, and the junkie was vacationing abroad.
He retained two of Venezuela’s most distinguished abstract artists to help decorate the center, which contains a beautiful wood-paneled 1,200-seat auditorium, a 400-seat chamber music hall (an afterthought of Abreu) and several acoustically pleasing recording spaces.
Such a system gave little alternative to teachers who didn't like any of the heavy, bloated texts selected.
“Colors are seasonal and have very specific implications,” he says.
Gary Abramson Goshen, N.Y., Sept. 2, 2007  To the Editor: Senator Larry E. Craig’s rationale for how his behavior was mistaken for gay cruising is self-serving humbug.
Studios greeted the deal with enthusiasm.
Consumers, he said, are increasingly willing to pay the $2 typical premium for a gallon of home-delivered milk over the store-bought variety.
Retaliation may explain that first wave of theft, but it doesn’t explain what happened later, she said.
As the heroes bond over nostalgic memories and unleash enough firepower to level the Great Wall of China, Mr. To depicts Macau as the Asian version of one of Sergio Leone’s mythically huge, lawless, eerily depopulated western towns.
The party’s success “hinted the beginning of a shift and transformation in people’s minds and expectations,” said Sezgin Tanrikulu, head of the Diyarbakir Bar Association.
Mr. Wiviott is known for building energy-efficient properties with features like cisterns for water recycling.
Mr. Wales was reacting to the public fallout from the revelation that a contributor and Wikipedia administrator named Essjay who claimed to be a tenured professor in Catholic law was in fact Ryan Jordan, a 24-year-old from Louisville, Ky. Mr. Wales said that the Essjay controversy was evidence of “growing pains” for the site, a worldwide phenomenon that has become a default research tool for nearly everyone who uses the Internet.
It’s not about embarrassing anyone.
For each 10 miles an hour more of speed, the more exponential the risk.
KIMBERLY YOUNG and Dr. STEFANO RIVELLA.
So he is going to use the public funds, public investment and government investment to jump-start the economy.” He added, “The economy now is stalled, so he is doing just what F.D.R.
A day earlier, Luminent Mortgage Capital, based in San Francisco, suspended its dividend, canceled an earnings call and said it was searching for new sources of cash.
The union, called Unison and grouping 1.3 million public service employees, also called on the British government to oppose the sale of arms to Israel.
“I had no intention of buying a place or living anywhere,” he says.
Baer toted the tape with him to road games because the plan was to unearth it as soon as Bonds swatted 756.
The discussions underscore Mr. O’Neal’s precarious position.
Five people were hospitalized yesterday morning after a kitchen fire filled their apartment with smoke, and three remained in critical condition last night, fire officials said.
But the scope of Mr. Braun’s ambitions were scaled back as he clashed over budgets with top executives at Yahoo headquarters in Sunnyvale, Calif.
The piece was swift and sweet, even as it addressed larger life difficulties.
Sabra Johnson , below, a 20-year-old native of Utah, earned the title of “America’s Favorite Dancer,” along with a grand prize of $250,000, on Thursday night during the two-hour finale of Fox’s “So You Think You Can Dance.” The show powered Fox to its 13th consecutive Thursday-night ratings victory among adults 18 to 49.
Sites like DailyKos have used the inexpensive, viral nature of the Web to fan those flames and serve as a hub for activists.
Servers welcoming and extremely helpful.
Other G-8 states should not emulate the United States and thus allow the misuse of international forums to perpetuate its failed approach toward such issues.
President Bush, on the other hand, has refused to rule out force against Iran, and recently French officials have made statements indicating a similar stance.
Always a true gentleman who is survived by his four daughters, Raleigh Weiss Todman and Myka Weiss Todman of New York, Leslee Todman of California and Kathie Poses of Florida.
All political campaigns start with a script, brace for it to be rewritten by unforeseen events and then adapt, for better or worse.
“This takes the cake!” exclaimed Juan Ojeda, 42, of the Bronx, who had been trying for almost four hours to reach his job as a legal secretary in Lower Manhattan.
Some events are free; otherwise, tickets range from $5 to $45.
As he says: “This whole notion of needing to separate work and life implies that your career, which takes up about 75 percent of your day, is something you simply try to get through so you can go home and do what you really enjoy for the other 25 percent.
So is the region's warm, dry weather.
This is one reason why doctors as such are leading the fight against the West.” At the University of Jordan medical school, for example, where Mohammed Asha, a suspect in the Glasgow bombing, was a star student, politics features prominently in student life.
The ugly, overheated room suddenly sounded like a spa.
Art collecting is not about posing.
¶Allowing trustees to vote by electronic ballot on claims appeals that arise between their normal quarterly meetings.
“I want to do it, you want to do it, everyone wants to do it.
Despite its prime location on 35 acres at the heart of the Strip, the Aladdin site has been a white elephant for reasons that include architecture, marketing and karma.
Milliman said the cost was $89 million.
The real Powell is the one from today, not the Osaka one.”
We served coffee in the daytime and drinks at night.
Death invaded the idyllic seaside town of Aramoana, New Zealand, on Nov. 13, 1990, when an unemployed, mentally ill, gun-collecting recluse named David Gray strapped on weapons and began shooting his neighbors at random.
Its songs touch down variously in down-tempo Sade territory, pop-flamenco, reggae, trance, drum-and-bass and various Latin hybrids.
But in a play that is closer than usual to the period in which he was writing, Mr. Wilson appears to have felt an urgency about articulating what he saw as the clear and present danger of assimilation.
“It’s strange to be sacrificed on someone’s altar.” There are three founding stones in the public career of Rudolph Giuliani: His performance during the terror attacks of 9/11; his image as a crime-fighting mayor of New York; and his nearly five-year tenure as United States attorney.
If the full House does, too — or if the Senate, which is also considering contempt, does so — then the United States attorney in Washington, D.C., will be responsible for taking Mr. Bolten’s and Ms. Miers’s cases to a grand jury.
As recently as the 2003-4 season, some fans at Rangers games would chant for the firing of General Manager Glen Sather.
I'm a wee bit jealous of you.
11 a.m. 6) SUNSETS, POTTERY AND FRAMES Galleries dot the city.
paper cited more than 250 studies, but I think The Times owes its readers the other side, published on the op-ed page, not just in five letters to the editor that briefly took issue with her.
This film serves as a horrifyingly close-up inspection of that second number, which is to say: dead babies.
That exhibition, which closes on Sept. 16, includes work by some major artists, like Robert Rauschenberg, Richard Avedon, Andy Warhol and Lucas Samaras, but most of it is by lesser lights, the creators of the psychedelic concert posters and light shows that helped define the acid-enhanced look of the late-1960s.
The protagonist, Isabel, and her brother Isaias live in St. Michael in the Cane, a tiny hamlet near a dry river called Blackwater, where the farmers look forward to the festival of St. John.
Just working on scrambling, getting your shoulder lined up, getting aimed, getting good torque and twist and getting something on the ball.” Wright has a completion rate of 55.4 percent in 28 games over eight seasons.
That meant that Father Varah could largely devote himself to what he called “the parish of despair.” As Father Varah told the story, he was digging through the church’s rubble-choked vestry when he found a telephone that had survived bombing by the Germans and still worked.
Robert J. Ellis, Dexter Bostic and Lee Woods, the men arrested in the shooting of him and his partner, Officer Herman Yan, 26, who survived, are scheduled to be arraigned today on murder charges, according to the Brooklyn district attorney’s office.
Jack, who doesn’t speak French, becomes uneasy whenever Marion lapses into her native language.
Then her eyes turn away, and, rising on point, she briskly travels away from him, before arriving again on flat foot, looking steadfastly in the opposite direction, so economically saying, “No, this is not the right man, and I cannot be his.” There are important ways in which American Ballet Theater’s account of MacMillan’s production (first acquired in 1985) is fully the equal of the Royal Ballet’s.
Wood threw five solid innings, but he now wonders why Riggleman even bothered bringing him back.
That makes the system move a bit faster.
She could be the hero of a Judd Apatow comedy (like, say, Mr. Cera, the boneless wonder of “Superbad” and a purely delightful presence here).
Federal and international officials are tracking down passengers and crew members on two trans-Atlantic flights earlier this month who may have been exposed to a man infected with an exceptionally dangerous form of tuberculosis .
For the tasting, Florence Fabricant and I were joined by Byron Bates, general manager of Bette in Chelsea; and the wine writer Natalie MacLean, proprietor of the Web site Nat Decants.
One concern among Mr. Bloomberg’s inner circle is whether a loss would label him a spoiler — “a rich Ralph Nader” — who cost a more viable candidate the presidency in a watershed political year.
Buying a house with a Spanish-colonial exterior, for instance, and giving it a midcentury-modern interior might be discouraged by a designer, on the ground that the jarring contrast in styles would make resale problematic.
Tuition ranges from $1,680 a year for Level I to $2,499 for Level III, and scholarships are available, Mr. Ludden said.
Beatty considers the theory that Rove’s 19th-century predecessors used the “politics of distraction” to prevent the downtrodden from developing class consciousness.
One of his breakthroughs was the use of artificial rubies as the active medium.
It sounds like a Beatles concert from the ’60s.” Hours after his Trenton performance, Mr. Lithgow will head to his former hometown, Princeton, for a book signing that afternoon at Barnes & Noble on Route 1.
Schwartz says the key is that the site offered not merely “goofy humor,” but empathy: Robe Guy is a friendly Everyman, and if he’s comfortable with this all-over-shaving thing, shouldn’t you be?
But then, once you throw your hat into the ring, society is a perilous game, whether you’re trying to break into the Astor 400 or the McMullan 4,000.
The government encourages exports by giving carmakers discounts on imported vehicles and components.
Rentals are 10 euros for three hours, 15 euros for one day, with a third day free.
“We need to make sure we give them the ability to see what things can do for them,” Chamath Palihapitiya, vice president for product marketing and operations at Facebook, said in an interview last Thursday.
And how uncomplicated: it’s used both day and night.
But after his initial setback, Mr. Griffin was not finished with talk shows.
The first distributor was the Beijing trading company, CNSC Fortune Way, a unit of a state-owned business that began by supplying goods and services to Chinese personnel and business officials overseas.
He was born in New York City on August 20, 1935, to the late Alixandra Hitchcock Childs and Frederick Robbins Childs.
Not surprising, studios are bracing for tough negotiations.
“He was just phenomenal,” Michael Strahan said of Umenyiora.
After the play ended, Johnson stood over Green and taunted him, drawing a 15-yard penalty.
Enjoy the sunset — the same one, six times.
William Behn, a single father who lives with his three children in Atlanta and works for a staffing and accounting consultancy, said he used FlyLite when he travels to Washington on business.
With the count 0-2, Holliday smashed a single through the box, knocking down a twisting Papelbon.
Then they cleared out on Labor Day, creating a vacuum of energy and leaving the locals to reclaim the town, and their egos.
“We’ve got the ground organization, we’ve made the calls.
Yesterday, federal officials announced that a manufacturing plant in Ohio was using the same banned substance, melamine, to make binding agents that ended up in feed for farmed fish, shrimp and livestock.
In spite of committees dedicated to succession planning and endless internal speculation about who is next in line, the top ranks at Merrill Lynch, Citigroup, Bear Stearns, Bank of America and to some degree, Morgan Stanley, look oddly non-C.E.O.-like.
I had an earlier marriage which didn’t work out.
Two male ostriches pirouetted by, ghost dancers flapping black and white beneath the tracery of moon.
Though it receives county, state and federal money, it must still raise some $400,000 a year.
In short, the media image of brutal Chinese soldiers terrorizing Buddhist monks conceals a much more effective American-style socioeconomic transformation: in a decade or two, Tibetans will be reduced to the status of the Native Americans in the United States.
A former judge from Long Island was sentenced yesterday to 33 months in prison for conspiring to launder almost $400,000 in proceeds from stolen jewelry.
“Patriotism came to be associated with Catholicism,” said Kenneth P. Serbin, a history professor at the University of San Diego who has written about the Roman Catholic Church in South America.
A plan by President Nicolas Sarkozy to commemorate a Communist resistance hero who was slain as a teenager by France ’s wartime Nazi occupiers has stirred controversy and prompted accusations of manipulation by the government.
I later learned that they were asking for daily lectures on human rights from the woman they had come to silence.
He is, after all, president of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers , a union that represents 725,000 workers including 220,000 employed by utilities in the United States and Canada.
The call-a-spade-a-spade experts at Floyd N.Y. on Atlantic Avenue in Cobble Hill have comfy seats with a view of the boccie court, the perfect place to enjoy a “Crap-o-copia,” a bucket of ice jammed with six cans of whatever the beer-loving cat dragged in for $12.
His father is the minister at the First Presbyterian Church in Henderson.
To Bill, his family and all his father's loved ones, we extend heartfelt condolences.
The current board majority, elected in 2003 on a pro-growth platform, nonetheless voted last year to restrict development in the west, while rejecting a 12,000-unit project in the east.
Unmarked and tucked away in a courtyard near the city's main boulevard, Nevsky Prospect, it has 12 rooms and a fetching little lobby.
“ New York State is not shy about going after celebrities claiming to be nonresidents who have a rather high-profile presence in New York,” said Marcus Strock, a tax partner at the law firm Debevoise & Plimpton.
At 8, Fox’s “Bones” (8.8 million) finished second to CBS’s “NCIS” (17.1 million), while at 10, ABC’s “20/20” special on the California wildfires came in second, with 10.9 million viewers.
In a telephone conference yesterday with analysts, Dr. David Steinhaus, a top medical officer at Medtronic, described the lead fractures as “classic fatigue failures,” a term that typically describes a weakening of metal exposed to repeated stress.
Some companies, like Cingular, now AT&T, refused to budge, according to its spokesman.
YONKERS THE pope is coming!
“To emasculate the court and give added strength to the politicians.” Israel’s Supreme Court has a long tradition of independence.
It is expected to appeal to so-called early adopters, who are always eager to buy the next big thing, regardless of the cost.
Imagine, we saw the annual ram slaughter -- tradical!''
Mr. Mumma is best known for his pioneering work in live electronic music.
As Andruw Jones caught a fly ball in front of the center-field fence to thwart San Francisco’s rally, Orlando Hernández shook his head and jabbed his fork into his plate.
His parents, Dennis and Judy Shepard, who have created a foundation to promote tolerance, expressed dismay on Thursday at the inability of Congress to pass the hate crimes proposal.
In spite of attempts to whip up a scandal because of the sexy nature of one of the clips, hundreds of thousands of British people are learning more about the E.U.’s Media program and almost all are reacting maturely and positively.” Was it confidence in Britons’ maturity about sex that led the commission to begin the initiative in English?
If punishment for one crime can be so different for one who can pay than for one who cannot, how can the concept of equality be taken seriously?
Ms. Chalfant puts a sardonic spin on the line when Riddler calls her grown son, Attila, “an unimpressive fragment of our culture for whom I entertain these incomprehensible feelings of love.” (Riddler is trying to keep the inappropriately named Attila out of the army, her price for helping the queen.)
Mostly, people in Manhattan are really open to it.
In my spare time, I shopped.
The only thing it’s used for is the Circle Line.”
The Palatine Hill, site of what remains of the Orti Farnesiani, has an entrance in the Roman Forum and another in Via di San Gregorio, 30.
And Asprey, the British seller of jewelry and other luxury goods, has moved farther north, to a new, albeit smaller, store at 853 Madison Avenue, between 70th and 71st Streets.
Forbes estimates his net worth to be $3.3 billion.
Women are encountering forms of hostility they weren’t prepared to meet, and are trying to figure out how to balance pride in their accomplishments against their perceived need to bolster the egos of the men they date.
MATHIEU--Barbara Bedford, 73, died peacefully on August 14, 2007 in Southhampton.
Some will want a fund whose principal is depleted by a certain year — say, 2028 — while others will want one that leaves assets for their heirs.
(3-1) hit only 1 of 11 field goals during the final seven minutes.
Running time: 1 hour 23 minutes.
PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY DAN AND CORINA LECCA)
Rather, it’s the apex of summer, a splendidly long day savored with friends, family and fireworks amid smoke wafting from a barbecue, cold beer and even colder watermelons.
The villas, designed by Jean-Michel Gathy, are mini-compounds made up of freestanding pavilions.
I cried for three months.
They would compete against other plantations.
“No one has claimed responsibility or called in a threat,” Mr. Rice said.
A similar principle underlies the so-called SuperSIV — formally known as the Master Liquidity Enhancement Conduit — proposed by Citigroup, the largest sponsor of such vehicles in the world.
lighting and handsewn covers on the dashboard and door panels.
Economists argue about the size of this effect, but we see evidence of it all around us.
Most credit cards charge from 1 percent to 3 percent of a purchase after conversion to dollars.
Affluence, low-cost flights and the simple facts of geography — Spain is warmer and drier than Britain, for instance — have changed the whole notion of vacation for new generations of Britons unlikely to be lured by a game of bingo on a windy promenade or the landladies of boarding houses offering lumpy beds and greasy breakfasts.
“There’s too many cases, not enough agents.” Mortgage fraud covers crimes like false statements on mortgage applications and elaborate “flipping” schemes that involve multiple properties and corrupt appraisers, title companies and straw buyers.
He said African leaders faced “a structural obstacle” to addressing Zimbabwe’s problems: their deference to Mr. Mugabe’s status as a hero of the region’s liberation struggles in decades past.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY DARKO BANDIC/ASSOCIATED PRESSS)
Transeastern Homes, which builds homes in Florida, is in settlement talks with lenders who contend it is in default on debt totaling hundreds of millions of dollars.
But in his letter, dated Aug. 23, Mr. Bloomberg said that the more frequent inspections would be a burden for the department and would interfere with owners’ rights to rectify violations within a reasonable time frame.
Mr. Kostunica, a moderate nationalist who has put the province at the heart of his political agenda, said an independent Kosovo would be a “pure puppet state that has to disappear.” He said the United States supported Kosovo’s independence “for its own military and security interest.” “Kosovo is an example that America, which used to be a symbol of freedom, has become a symbol of the policy of force,” he said.
By late Friday afternoon, the blaze raged toward a residential five-mile canyon as firefighters frantically sprayed fire-resistant gel on houses there.
“I know the amount of work that’s required this time,” said Shipman, whose training regimen includes daily four-hour shooting sessions with a bow that has a draw weight of 40 pounds.
Right now, besides potentially moving members to the security checkpoint more quickly than regular travelers proceed, the main benefit of the program is that Clear employees act as “concierges” to help members gather their possessions efficiently after passing through the magnetometer.
Some Democrats on the House committee were not mollified.
Cohabitation and single parenthood by choice were very rare.
Shareholders were told to expect lower-than-expected earnings in both 2007 and 2008 as a result of the delay.
The Cambridge settlement also involves a document called the “Golden Chain,” a list of 20 wealthy Saudi donors, including the bin Mahfouz family, that was found in a 2002 raid on the Sarajevo offices of an Islamic charity.
“So, most women will not be able to look like those models.
Mr. Crandall had the Web site clevercommute.com developed in India.
When told the news, Mr. Fadl panicked and began to sob.
The suites are not especially stylish but they are clean and big enough for a sofa, chairs and two double beds.
Dr. Kochi said he expected prices to fall further with the competition from ASAQ.
“Good morning, ladies and gentlemen,” he said loudly to the strangers around him.
They learned to be calm around wheelchairs, walkers and agitated patients, and were trained to ignore treats that fall on the floor.
This season, New England has outscored its opponents by 137-72 in the fourth.
We don’t have training, really,” one team member from San Quentin in California said under oath.)
With some ambivalence, she offered $420,000.
They just want to be shown that despite all those chauffeurs, private planes, secretaries, housekeepers, nannies and personal assistants, you still understand what regular folks’ lives are like.
“I can touch a tree or plant and feel the energy from it.
“The goals of this law were the right ones,” he said.
BLOCK--Ruth Frances, on July 15.
In fact, restrictions are so tight that he says he cannot use human embryos at his laboratories here.
But other proposed restrictions have been lifted, like ones that would have barred reimbursement for the drugs’ use during chemotherapy for certain types of cancer or for patients being treated with the cancer drugs Avastin and Erbitux.
The struggle is hardly finished, with Fatah trying to consolidate in the West Bank and Hamas in Gaza.
Lieutenant Rockwood told the newspapers that investigators reopened the Fisher case about three years ago, and discovered that the evidence was still suitable for DNA testing.
“That’s how the book world seems to work.” To get even minimal recognition, Amazonian writers, whether from Brazil or neighboring nations, battle isolation and insularity.
Nat and Alex Wolff, the young brothers who star in the Nickelodeon series “The Naked Brothers Band,” were fidgeting on a purple couch on a Brooklyn soundstage the other day.
“It’s what I tell my children: practice, practice, practice,” he said.
Tots age 4 to 11 desperate to land an early corporate internship can wear pint-size button-downs ($69) and blazers ($350); the olive green mini-aviator jackets ($198) might come in handy if there is a draft and the recruitment age is dramatically lowered.
Stroll farther north until you see the Arco della Pace, an early 19th-century triumphal arch that commemorates Napoleon's victories (it faces Paris).
“We had no prior knowledge of those allegations, and we first learned of them, along with the rest of the public, through news accounts,” Mitchell said.
“I’m just trying to get my films watched.
Put things in perspective.” He recalled telling her: “Let’s get mad, let’s cry.
Then chemists from the city’s Department of Environmental Protection did field testing to confirm that the small quantities of chemicals were not immediately hazardous.
“People are signing up for programs they don’t understand,” Mr. Slabach said.
This cozy eating spot, subtitled “an American bistro,” is a terrific addition to the northwest side of the county, where there is a paucity of fun, informal places serving thoughtfully prepared food.
He played all night, and skipped school two or three times a week to catch up on sleep.
In this case, people have to be given a reason to cut back on greenhouse gas emissions, either by requiring that they pay a tax on emissions or by requiring that they buy emission permits, which has pretty much the same effects as an emissions tax.
The German news coverage of the border opening, what there is of it, has largely been about Germans’ installing metal shutters, putting up barbed wire and even buying guns.
Gordon is obsessed with the ma?asado (grilled corn) at Toro, Ken Oringer's trendy tapas bar (1704 Washington Street; 617-536-4300; tapas from $5 to $14).
Mr. Dunn said the reports the department gives to the City Council do not include much of the detailed information included on each of the police records, known as UF-250s, that officers fill out when they make stops.
“I think it would be a real shame if the details were to get in the way so that nothing gets done.”
Virginia sweetspire has been recommended as an alternative.
“And everyone is looking to lock up as many publishers as possible.”
Both designations will put into play unilateral sanctions intended to impede the Revolutionary Guard and those who do business with it.
Private equity firms bidding for Qantas Airways scrambled to keep their proposal on track, extending the closing deadline by two weeks as a key shareholder rejected the terms of their offer of 11.1 billion Australian dollars ($8.9 billion).
“Right now you don’t have any frame of reference,” Judy said.
Trouble is, to listen to Internet radio, you pretty much have to sit at your computer all day.
The coats were boss, though.
But it also represents a lost opportunity to pose important questions to them.
Roughly 125 counselors, who are typically based at their employers' local offices, staff a toll-free foreclosure hot line.
They gave their first performance at Senator Percy’s office Christmas party.
But money has become what Russia is all about, raw money and raw power, absent even the utopian dreams that motivated Mr. Gorbachev’s historic role.
That deal would offset about half of the price difference between the MediaSmart TV and like-size H.P.
The Kremlin has characterized these movements as a threat to regional stability and its own power.
Two 60-ish New York women — Alice, aloof and self-contained, and Nanny, casual and effusive — meet when their recently deceased friend, Roberta, entrusts them with the key to a safe-deposit box and a note that says, “You’ll know what to do.” In the vault, the women discover a steamy letter to Roberta from an anonymous lover.
“School: The Archaeology of Lost Desires, Comprehending Infinity, and the Search for Knowledge” is a $10 million project that offers up some 30 dead sheep, 1 dead shark, 2 sides of beef, 300 sausages, a pair of doves and 15 medicine cabinets filled with thousands of empty boxes and bottles with labels for antidepressants, cough medicine and other drugs.
Then, she jogged slowly for a couple weeks.
In a subdued voice, Bonds responded, “Yes, I do.” Bonds has hired six lawyers to handle his case.
The answer Bentall gives echoes Romme’s observation that a fundamental difference between voice-hearers in the community and voice-hearers under psychiatric care is that the latter think negatively about their experience.
Can material spawned in such a way be anywhere near as effective as traditional advertising, or as good as conventional programming that is born by creative inspiration rather than to help sell something?
His road manager, however, gave me and each of my three buddies $20 and a ticket to a Fleetwood Mac concert so he could cut the line at Herrera’s, then a 30-seat cafe on its way to becoming a Dallas institution.
Sasha Issenberg, on the other hand, devotes most of “The Sushi Economy” to the bluefin, which he considers the totem animal of the global economy.
They are required to report possible hazards or problems within 24 hours to the commission.
Then there’s the great in between — poultry, pork and the rest.
Multitasking is good, but I want them to do more tasking in my class.” To which one can only say: Amen.
The Italian federation last week called the penalties an ''injustice.''
(Scott) ‘RESERVATION ROAD’ (R, 102 minutes) The tears and the blame mix uneasily in Terry George’s grim, mechanistic thriller about death and suffering, life and healing among the civilized, based on the novel by John Burnham Schwartz.
The Hall of Records was completed in 1907 — with the names of Mr. Horgan and Mr. Slattery carved into the cornerstone, beside that of Mr. Thomas.
Ira B. Lamster, D.D.S., M.M.Sc., Dean Thomas J. Cangialosi, D.D.S., Director, Division of Orthodontics Columbia University College of Dental Medicine
You can probably guess whether I ... a) cried, “Enough is enough!” b) trembled in gratitude, and thought, “A little more mayo wouldn’t be such a bad idea.”
The second area of inspection, concerning the general safety of the building, is conducted by firefighters assigned throughout the city.
Elmore (Stephen McKinley Henderson), back in Pittsburgh to resume his intermittent courtship of Ruby, was an unseen player in “Seven Guitars,” which focuses on the struggles of an ambitious young musician, Floyd Barton, to fight his way to a measure of success.
But at this Fairfield haunt, open since 1999, familiar Levantine dishes like tabbouleh, falafel and hummus are elevated by particularly fresh ingredients and a delicate, if very busy, hand.
Just days before a critical governor’s election in Baja California, federal authorities have released tapes to a newspaper suggesting that many members of the Tijuana police force have worked for drug traffickers and helped in the killing of a federal agent, the newspaper reported Tuesday.
And yet, of course not.
There is that brand-new serial killer on the loose and chasing high school girls.
Pitney Bowes had tried to shift more health costs onto employees, only to find that after a certain point, “it gets dysfunctional,” he said.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
All have been arrested, except for Mr. Canchica Gómez, who remains at large, the U.S. attorney's office said.
The glass offices look sterile, and no one will use them, some said.
After visiting 61 Manhattan apartments, she recently put down a deposit for a two-bedroom, two-bath condo at 555 West 23rd Street, priced at $1.1 million.
This time, waiting for a bus on a loop to nowhere, Burress probably was truly uninterested.
Dear brother of Doris Hyman and her husband Buddy of Newton, MA.
“There is no new evidence” of innocence, Hansen says.
The shredded Indian Red peach salad ($8.95) — which, besides tender peaches, included baby heirloom lettuce, green papaya, chili-dusted peanuts, and the sweet zing of a light Thai lime leaf dressing — blossoms on the tongue like a bouquet.
“This tragedy,” Ms. DeGracia said, “it’s separated my family.
But critics say the move will lead to the destruction of thousands of acres of wetlands.
“It has always been a nightmare of mine, that I would have an idea and somebody would come and make the money off of it,” he says.
Talbots, based in Hingham, Mass., said at that time that sales at stores open at least a year — a main measure of financial performance — had fallen 4.8 percent in the quarter.
In one image a blond girl in a straw hat, her tongue poised provocatively between her lips, is seen in front of a lithograph of the corner of a classical building — a big-city museum, maybe, or the Parthenon.
Even cheekier is Germany's chef of the moment, Tim Raue, a full-throttle modernist in his glory at Restaurant 44 in the Swissôtel, where the subdued dining room does nothing to distract attention from the Kurfürstendamm, visible three stories below, or from the fireworks on the table.
That seemed fine with Josh Whitt, 28, a fan from Trussville, Ala., who watched from the infield a few yards from the track.
In the early 1990s, the United States and the United Nations poured hundreds of millions of dollars into stabilizing Somalia and they failed notoriously, leaving the country as capriciously violent and hopeless as ever.
In all these 130 acres, there was but a single family strolling between the perfect rows of square-pruned lindens that divide the graves into eight equal quadrants.
Running time: 1 hour 50 minutes.
Inflation has jumped because of double-digit increases in food prices attributed to shortages of pork and other items.
The video attacking The Man and championing writers’ rights appeared on The Huffington Post, a busy Web site built on this business plan: hundreds of bloggers who post there aren’t paid.
The court’s decision is likely to have a profound impact on technology industries, emboldening European regulators in antitrust fights against other companies, including Apple, over its dominance of the music download market, and Intel, over its virtual control over the microchip industry.
It was followed by a standing ovation and long applause both inside and outside the cathedral.
He considers all of them “niche companies.” “I introduced a program to sharply cut back on REITs; it appeared to me that the valuations were too excessive,” he said, noting, too, that the rise in REIT share prices had been derived in part from a takeover frenzy by private equity firms.
BENDEROTH--Steven C. A memorial service for Steven C. Benderoth, musician, singer, composer, New Yorker, will be held Saturday, April 28th at 3:30 pm at Saint Peter's Church, 619 Lexington Ave. (54th St) in NYC.
Zia befriends Eugene (Shea Whigham), a failed musician and semi-successful ladies’ man whose loving Russian family has, oddly enough, accompanied him into this afterlife.
“We’re living our dream life,” he said.
Who could dispute that we were better off?”
Stepanek made two straight unforced errors.
For Self, walking is a way to see the world anew, often in simple but striking ways.
Mary Alice O’Toole, a sales representative, raised four children and spent 32 years in the Grosse Pointe Woods home that she and her husband, Joe, bought in 1975 for $85,000.
MOISES ALOU, LF, NEW YORK METS When healthy, Alou can hit as well as anyone.
(Catsoulis) ‘WHAT WOULD JESUS BUY?’ (No rating, 1:30) A fast and funny documentary that takes us on a cross-country tour with the performance artist and mock evangelist Reverend Billy; Savitri D, his wife and organizer of his Church of Stop Shopping; and the church’s gospel choir as they fight against what the preacher calls the “shopocalypse,” the buying frenzy Americans indulge in every holiday season.
The resulting water, which sometimes flows into the Ocoee at 91,000 gallons a minute, is clean enough to drink.
No one with the team knew he was planning to go to Miami again the next weekend.
An uncle identified the body, contacted the Mexican consulate in nearby Little Rock and arranged the paperwork.
William Meyer teamed with local middle school students to replant native tree species outside Art Sites, built on land contaminated with low-level industrial pollution.
As for his thesis that the British and Irish are genetically much alike, “It would be wonderful if it improved relations, but I somehow think it won’t.”
“If the analysis had concluded this was a historic building, we would have gone in another direction, but this building has been altered too much,” said the university’s president, Daniel J. Curran, adding that the building’s remaining flag stand and other historical markers would be salvaged.
When Dai Jianming sat West for Shanghai, he selected the diamond deuce.
A meat pie (or two) with a simple salad and a pint (or two) is probably the best dinner option, though the fish and chips isn’t a bad way to go: a thick slab of moist white fish meat in a solid jacket of batter, accompanied by an oversize pile of fries.
WASHINGTON When 19th-century Parisians -- with newly found disposable incomes and leisure time -- vacationed in the small fishing villages along the northern coast of France for the first time, the Impressionists chronicled the scene.
After cruising through the prelims, he racked up a 23-3 lead in the second round of the sudden-death elimination matches.
I then sent a recommendation to the secretary of defense.” Army generals warned that if the number of troops was further cut as called for in the original plan, they would be unable to engage with allies, in particular to conduct training exercises with foreign military partners, and to prepare for contingencies.
Randolph also said he was confident that Hernández, who never strays from routine, would resume his excellence.
More than two dozen students were at risk of being expelled after holding a sit-in Nov. 1 at Morton West High School in Berwyn.
He is hitting .297 with 18 home runs and 42 runs batted in.
He went outside and had another cigarette.
A. I don't see it that way.
This is a world in which light itself behaves peculiarly, appearing “to vibrate minutely, a colorless, teeming mist.” From the beginning, things are not as they appear.
Whenever he flies, he takes an Ambien to help him sleep, he said.
George Green, the chief executive of Hearst Magazines International, would argue that the doomsayers have not been overseas lately.
And we, in turn, scour the scenes as we do the art: here is the smiling tour guide, leaning into a goggle-eyed scrum of visitors who lean oh so slightly away from the Velázquez, as if intimidated by its reputation.
Citylights, the high-rise co-op now a decade old, houses P.S.
Mr. Smith says that people unknowingly set a value on their own lives by what they are willing to pay to reduce their everyday risk of death.
Fatigue, improper stretching and dehydration are among the common causes.
It is no coincidence that the Yankees’ left-handed hitters have fueled the team’s surge.
His eye problem is the clunkiest of symbols, so it’s best to note that and move on, which the novel does with propelling intensity.
Soon they could control even more.
“The tramcar driver drove his tram,” one story begins.
With this agreement, The Journal’s editorial operation not only continues its independence from the news side, but it has a firewall between it and its new owner.
Benedict Donnelly, a public relations executive and recreational sailor whose American father had been a liaison officer for Gen. George S. Patton during D-Day, was picked as president of the organization they created: the Association Hermione La Fayette.
But pig and diner should both be pleased by the helping of ham croquettes with molten, jamón-flecked creamy cores perfectly framed in a crisp crust.
2 behind Ohio State when the Bowl Championship Series standings were released yesterday.
But nothing seems to put a damper on interesting self-doubt faster than fame, or so this film and its lead character both seem intent on proving.
The problem, he explained, was that “when we passed those tax cuts, we increased spending as well.” Still, some conservatives continued to express skepticism.
But Venus’s fastest serve registered at 126 miles an hour, compared with Serena’s 124.
A third of the people offered nothing.
The two would just “stay home and cook, or just get something cheap,” she said.
But now it was time to live like the artist she was.
The story begins 20 years after the war with the attempted suicide of Alberto Vargas (Pablo Ribba), one of three soldiers who shared a foxhole.
Mr. Walsh’s aides said they considered that figure appropriate for accommodating as many people as possible who have low weekly wages from part-time employment.
BRYAN O’HARA snaps a perfect spinach leaf off one of his plants and pops it into his mouth.
The AT&T spokesman said the complaints were minimal.
He is survived by his son, Kiley C. T. Jones of New York City.
In an effort to quell growing doubts in the Senate about his nomination as attorney general, Michael B. Mukasey declared Tuesday that waterboarding and other harsh interrogation techniques “seem over the line or, on a personal basis, repugnant to me” and promised to review the legality of such methods if confirmed.
Yahoo said that after the acquisition it would increase its participation in the exchange as both a buyer and seller of ads.
Web site ( ct.gov/dmv ), or by calling (800) 842-8222 or (860) 263-5700 in the Hartford area.
“When we go through rough stretches, he doesn’t feel like he has to yell at us,” Myers said of Manuel.
Mr. Rivas said both brothers were American citizens, but Jorge Alvarez, who identified himself as a longtime friend of the brothers, said in an e-mail message from Ecuador that Alcides was a citizen and Edgar was a legal resident who had applied for citizenship.
A new farm bill is on the drawing board in Washington, and growers of fruits, vegetables, tree nuts and nursery crops, known collectively as specialty crops, came up with an $8.5 billion wish list.
“He was an idiosyncratic painter who was unafraid of looking like a regionalist in the modernist context.” In the mid-’50s, Mr. Brach became friends with Mr. Castelli and began to show in his gallery.
Instead, Moss’s two seasons in Oakland were a nightmare.
He congratulated Favre after a game that left the frustrated Vikings 1-3.
In the most intriguing works here Mr. Schifano combined painted areas with shapes cut from fluorescent plexiglass.
The officers and directors, students, teachers and alumni of Maimonides School in Brookline, MA are deeply saddened by the loss of our school's president, benefactor and role model, Abraham Levovitz.
While many phones have some form of Web access, most are hard to use — just finding a place to type in a Web address can be a challenge.
“My wife is pressing ahead with me, but a little more skeptically.” After climbing the learning curve, he said, “the decision is going to be an emotional decision,” just a more educated one.
Shehzad and the Trinity leader flew to Islamabad right after the murder, partly to push the police investigation; there was no evidence at all, they insisted, to back Fauzia’s accusations.
That earlier peaceful uprising was crushed by the military, which shot into crowds, killing an estimated 3,000 people.
“They were a surprise, a lot of them,” Mr. Correll said of the conditions, “and they require action on a whole lot of people’s parts.” Mr. Correll said a single anonymous donor had agreed to give the hospital $200 million if the donor approved of the governance system changes.
Last Oct. 8, prosecutors said, a 29-year-old designer named Michael J. Sandy was lured from his home in Williamsburg to his death.
South Korea's quarantine authority found a piece of the vertebral column of a cow in one of 1,176 boxes from a shipment imported on July 29 weighing 18.7 metric tons, the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry said.
Michael Potts, as Richard’s loyal ally Buckingham, distinguishes himself by the clarity of his speech.
Boston (96-65) defeated the Twins, 5-2, on Friday night, then waited nearly an hour and a half before clinching the American League East title when the Yankees lost to the Baltimore Orioles, 10-9, in 10 innings.
NOTE: Caviar is available at Petrossian Boutique and Café, 911 Seventh Avenue, (212) 245-2217.
“You can control spontaneity too.
Sun burned the slope for the first 2,000 feet of our climb.
Power poles electrocute tens of thousands of birds.
4 (published in his final year).
Graduate of St. Andrew Avellino (1941), Fordham Prep (1945) and Fordham University (1951).
After his arrest on Aug. 8, Mr. Cordero appealed to the sympathy of a detective, telling him he was an orphan and had had a hard life, according to another document filed by prosecutors yesterday.
(It is possible that neither pair could have opened with a weak two-bid in diamonds, which would have made three diamonds look more attractive.)
Peer has to take leave from her military service to be able to compete.
Asked why they chose a relative newcomer like e-Path instead of larger companies, Mr. Levy and Mr. Suozzi said that while the other bidders wanted the counties to help pay for the system, e-Path offered to raise the money itself.
Moreover, they say, the tax law is a valuable tool for attracting foreign investment to the United States and should not be changed.
Foreign companies may continue to shop for acquisitions in the United States, hoping to take advantage of the weak dollar.
“Sometimes there is unused capacity in graduate classrooms,” Mr. Mehaffy said.
The couple will owe “substantial amounts” in capital gains taxes, an adviser said, and are giving up the potentially higher returns from stocks for the safety but generally lower returns of holding their money in various forms of savings accounts.
Curry, 25, has long been regarded as a weak defender and rebounder.
Birds crowded the feeders — goldfinches, a scarlet cardinal and an indigo bunting with royal blue feathers.
You could feel the air.
They also appear to have reduced their estimates about the nation’s long-term potential rate of growth without inflation, often described as the economy’s speed limit.
The suites, which also come with Playstation3, can be yours for $150 for two hours or $500 for a whole night.
A Fellow of the Academy for over 50 years and our former neighbor in Cambridge, he inspired friends and colleagues with his belief that ''if we are to survive, we must have ideas, vision, and courage.''
He had three touchdowns in the final two games last season.
The music by Elliot Goldenthal is all over the map, more like a scattered film score than anything suited to the emotional gradations of a story ballet.
— the tomb figures of armored knights, the moody monastic light, the snowstorm outside.
While Bethune rejects his father’s faith, he inherits the same overriding (and overbearing) sense of mission.
If so, how to account for certain visionary artists?
In a matter of a few hours their meager belongings have been scrounged together, the boy’s body has been deposited near the hospital, and the brothers are headed north toward Montana with less than $400 between them.
Saddam Hussein did not have weapons of mass destruction.
The life of a graduate students is not luxurious, and with their expenses rising, “I shop at Hollister when it’s on special,” Ms. Young said.
GREENBERG--Elaine, age 80, of New Rochelle, lost her valiant fight against lung cancer on November 3.
And when you are making a piece for BAM and the Next Wave Festival, there is a certain context.
Three days a week, for four debilitating hours at a time, I would be tethered to a blood-cleansing machine.
And so she would help some of the children make PowerPoints about their “mind trips.” Ms. Valentine asked six children to describe what they thought about when their minds were wandering, and wrote down everything they said.
In one corner, musicians were setting up for a gig, and office workers came trickling in to snag tables.
I think that’s a very good question, but I think this goes beyond what industry wants,” he said.
He is ranked 27th nationally among all-purpose running backs by rivals.com and is rated 21st at tailback by scout.com .
Then there were the physical thanks: smiles, tears, shakes, hugs, as digestible and soothing as yogurt.
The plans called for replacing the 156 old sirens, which had mechanical rotating horns and were activated by radio signals, with new units featuring activating systems that can be triggered by cellphone, microwave radio or Internet-based signals.
Ten years after she learned she had Type 2 diabetes , Teresa Sánchez bought her first blood sugar meter, a small, hand-held device that cost $100, a quarter of her monthly pension.
“That Envoy looked like a squeezed accordion,” said another witness, Wilfredo Martinez.
In that context, the electric chair seems a gruesome relic from the last century, an incremental step up from the noose.
Two new AIDS drugs, each of which works in a novel way, have proved safe and highly successful in large studies, a development that doctors said here on Tuesday would significantly expand treatment options for patients.
He also admitted that he never told United Nations officials of the secret deal, a violation of the oil-for-food program’s rules.
The pornography has to do with what you call “the good life,” where the model titillates by wearing a coat around her waist that costs almost $4,000.
So I thought Brooks had simply retired, disillusioned with the game.
How can the average person figure that out without a blood test?
It’s not fair to say he’s not around.
The bigger companies, many doctors say, can now use their patent portfolios to delay or stifle innovations that might help patients.
Rabbi Yisrael Meir Lau performed the ceremony at the Tower of David, a historic site and museum in the old city of Jerusalem.
“That is unacceptable to me,” he said.
When the stricken mice were fed tamoxifen, even at quite advanced ages, they lost the symptoms of Rett syndrome, Dr. Bird and his colleagues reported last week in the journal Science.
But the counterarguments are equally persuasive.
“Taro and Capa represent a sort of romantic vision of the stateless person involving themselves in terrible battles: the social battles, the political battles of the time.”
“That, coupled with time constraints, led to his decision.” Newsday reported that on May 18, 2006, a day the panel was meeting, Mr. Giuliani delivered a $100,000 speech on leadership at an Atlanta business awards breakfast and later attended a fund-raiser for Ralph Reed.
In Greek, the word nostos means homecoming; the plural is nostoi.
The aim: to deliver an asymmetrical ball, known as a bowl, down a rink 120 feet long by 15 feet wide so that it lands as near as possible to a smaller white ball, known as the jack ball.
If 1 in 4 are female, the girls number about 140,000.
As a result of all the publicity, more than 100 people signed up to be her friend on MySpace .
As more people like the Giners and Romeros live on one side of the border yet work and shop on the other, the increasingly intertwined relationship between El Paso and Juárez is recognized as critical to the vitality of the region.
But the third row is relatively spacious, and once you’re done with all that tugging, easy to climb into.
Power is also an issue, as intermittent power failures in Rwanda hamper efforts to provide a steady electricity source.
To find it convincing, readers must believe that Lis was deeply influenced by the Book of Ezekiel, Chapter 23, and its warning to the whores of Egypt that their noses and ears would be cut off.
This is the right long-term decision for the profitability of the brand, but it has some short-term implications on transactions.
But social psychologists assume that all beliefs, including political ones, partly arise from an individual’s deep psychological fears and needs: for stability, order and belonging, or for rebellion and novelty.
As recently as Wednesday night, Mr. Murray, chief executive of the Murray Energy Corporation, continued to insist that the collapse had been caused by a 3.9 magnitude earthquake.
“As a maverick and independent and all that?” Mr. McCain said.
But after a few months of shopping in the local flea markets for things to furnish his Paris apartment, he hit on his next business opportunity.
So before our next production, I sought advice from Frank Chindamo, a filmmaker whose specialty is funny short videos designed to be viewed online or on mobile phones.
As part of a mutual exchange, a Japanese ship will visit China later.
Mr. Davis and the eloquent Tanya Wideman-Davis, his wife, portray a couple moving through that history accompanied by two fine actors, Ronald McCall and Diane Parker, speaking the text.
At Clemson, Dantzler was not as effective a thrower as Drenning or King.
The Knicks haven’t won since he jumped the team in Phoenix.
There hasn’t been such a concentration of ambitious new dramas on Broadway in years; aren’t theatergoers and critics always moaning about just that?
And New Hampshire is a very important part of that.”
The Rockies won their ninth consecutive road game Thursday.
can read the writing on the wall.
Branford Marsalis and Joshua Redman are in good places.
For that reason, Manager Joe Torre said, he is holding off on naming Mike Mussina his Game 4 starter.
In just 15 minutes of research over the Internet using Google, I was able to find compelling evidence contradicting the central claim of Emily Bazelon's article that the ''scientific evidence strongly shows that abortion does not increase the risk of depression'' (Jan. 21).
On Friday, however, the city was metering happiness.
We also spoke about cycling — a passion for me and something new for Jen.
After reviewing the tapes, the judges said that the police were justified in their belief that the protest could escalate and that officers ''appropriately tried to quell a quickly unfolding, potentially explosive situation.''
To the Editor: Your Oct. 29 front-page article about the F.C.C.’s seeking to end exclusive contracts between cable companies and apartment buildings did not mention some key points.
Since Crystal Zevon is convinced of her ex-husband’s genius, she doesn’t bother asking his fellow musicians to make a case for it.
... San Francisco quarterback Alex Smith will miss the 49ers’ next two games to give his injured right arm more time to rest.
A parent of one child who appeared in the program complained about injuries and working conditions at the site.
The bridegroom graduated from the University of Wisconsin and received a master’s degree in public policy from Harvard.
The police said Mr. Akbar was very likely the intended target of the attack.
Although the companies “held themselves out as legitimate brokerage firms,” the indictment states, “they were in fact operated for the primary purpose of earning money through fraud involving the manipulation of the prices of securities.” The trio would secretly gain control of large blocks of stock and warrants in four companies through offshore accounts, the indictment said.
Then, whether it provided a bit of healing or simply a return to something comfortable, the 66,233 people focused on a football game.
But the truth is, they will probably say the stupidest things or stay away entirely.” Mrs. Newell’s father called and urged her to consider an abortion.
He said that the association had hired a certified public accountant to work specifically on tax issues, and that he hoped the resolution to the audit would encourage volunteers to return to the association.
A spokeswoman for the department said she could not comment and could not give a copy of the ruling to a reporter.
RUBY DEE, left, and BRENDA THOMPSON.
He clearly meant to hurt and humiliate his new doctor in front of a supervisor.
Marsha McCartney, president of the North Texas chapter of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence, called Mr. Albrecht’s death “one more gun tragedy.” “I’m sure the man who did the shooting feels terrible about it,” Ms. McCartney said, “but legally in Texas he can do exactly what he did because he feels frightened.” Borris Miles, a Democratic state representative from Houston and a former schools police officer, opposed the legislation, which was signed into law in March.
Even an estate comparable to the ones that Mr. Sandefer develops and sells for $3 million to $4 million in Oxnard would cost about $8.5 million in Malibu.
A six-year study of more than one million adults ages 30 to 102 by researchers at the University of California, San Diego, and the American Cancer Society found the highest mortality rate among those who slept less than four hours or more than eight hours a night.
When I opened my first shop in London in 1983, I sold — as one magazine kindly put it — dead men's clothes.
It charges at the audience with all guns blazing, and tramples the weak and the hesitant in its path with a story of pillaged ships and triangular loves.
“Networks may be turning to more subtle and sophisticated means of incorporating commercial messages into traditional programming,” said Kevin J. Martin, the commission’s chairman, at a September public hearing.
The hearing next week may highlight the growing internal dissension between officials who approve drugs and those who track the safety of drugs after they have been approval.
It sheds light on our confused attitudes toward Freud, who always strove for cultural authority.
China’s stock markets tumbled again on Monday, worsening one of the biggest sell-offs in years after the government’s move last week to impose a higher tax on stock trades.
The results are to be published in their book, “Studio Thinking: The Real Benefits of Visual Arts Education” (Teachers College Press).
Then, fighting back tears, he said, “I can’t even get through the first line.” But he continued.
Saturday at 7:30 p.m., Sunday at 3 p.m., Weill Recital Hall, Carnegie Hall, (212) 247-7800, carnegiehall.org ; $15.
Smythson of Bond Street leather tag, $90.
At today’s electricity rates, drying six loads a week can cost hundreds of dollars a year.
So in that sense, I’m one of them,” he said last month during a campaign stop in Cincinnati.
is reinforcing the message that we will not put up with armed gang violence and the drug trade that fuels it,” said John A. Torres, special agent in charge of the bureau in Los Angeles.
Google, disgruntled civil servants, an ex-Grateful Dead lyricist and Ron Suskind’s “Price of Loyalty” appear to be their sources.
“This says that Linux is a safe solution and people can choose it with that in mind.” Several legal experts said that minor legal questions might still remain in SCO’s suit against I.B.M., related to promises that I.B.M.
“David is a real instinctive football player,” safety Abram Elam said.
“We’ve been in the postseason every year, we’ve made it to the World Series.
WITH its spotless new white-tile floors and gleaming stainless-steel ovens, the basement kitchen of Patisserie des Ambassades, a French cafe in Harlem on Frederick Douglass Boulevard, has the fit and finish of a laboratory.
It features scenes from long ago that may or may not have happened, and questions — about motives, about family history, about what is real and what is imagined — that are never fully answered.
At the IFC Center, 323 Avenue of the Americas, at Third Street, Greenwich Village.
But few people have decided to become e-readers.
6 train on Westchester Avenue in the Soundview section of the South Bronx.
“If there are some things that I saw or that some of the guys saw, yeah, we’ll definitely address that.” Schneider, 31, obtained three weeks ago from the Nationals along with outfielder Ryan Church for Lastings Milledge, had a prime view of the Mets’ late-season collapse when Washington swept a three-game series at Shea during the final week of the season.
WASHINGTON, March 8 (Reuters) — Workers filing initial claims for jobless benefits fell 10,000 last week, to a seasonally adjusted 328,000, slightly lower than Wall Street expectations, the Labor Department reported Thursday.
Isiah Thomas, the president of basketball operations, said that Thomas the head coach had time.
The essential problem, meanwhile, continues to worsen.
But he has also made another move that is probably just as important if he wants to save his political skin: he has asked some eminent New Yorkers to help him as he seeks to transform himself from the state’s attorney general into its full-fledged governor.
Never much disposed to the acting side of opera, Mr. Pavarotti learned in time to play Pavarotti, regardless of the character he was supposed to be.
Marine Tech Sergeant served 1948-1953.
The American response on Friday was muted.
He had two sons, Michel and Baptiste, by his first marriage, to Huguette Mallet, which ended in divorce.
He said that he and Mr. Kahle thought they could get it done in two years and for $6 million.
“Some people are potentially going to do really stupid things with these tools,” said Donald Cooke, chief scientist at Tele Atlas North America, a leading supplier of digital street maps.
They are the most compelling, passionate, informed speakers you've ever heard (all right, maybe 45 of them are).
Perhaps that’s because Brady and Manning are great for different reasons and the answer depends on what the person choosing values more: style or substance, statistics or championships.
Yes I’ve see that too.
and members of the Bush administration.
He pulled his nephew aside in high school, told him about the microwave society of pro sports, explained the numbers of 5-11 cornerbacks versus 5-11 point guards.
Jeffrey Dean, a lawyer defending four of the men, said: “There can be no invasion of privacy of a person who is inviting the conduct.
“It’s one of the ironies of our culture that people are able to hold two truths in their minds at one time as fans,” Mr. Harrison said.
Philadelphia, only two games out of first place four days ago, suddenly is five behind the Mets in the National League East, and last week’s optimism is fading.
“It’s the right play,” said Tom Pirko, president of Bevmark, a consulting firm to the food and beverage industry, including Coke.
Tommy Fazio, the men’s fashion director, has cultivated these designers as fashion forces, as distinct from the sea of young men’s labels that focus on cool jeans and T-shirts.
But when I read Shapiro’s book, she is not with me.
“When they hear drug use in Congress, even if it’s not true, it could have a chilling effect,” Mr. Barasch said.
I did not say, ‘The best, it’s war.’ I did not say, ‘My choice, it’s war.’ I said, ‘The worst.’ ” Mr. Kouchner declared: “I am not a warmonger.
The bride’s paternal grandfather, Philip Caldwell of New Canaan, was the chairman and chief executive of the Ford Motor Company.
Sunday was probably more interesting for performers than for listeners.
Lawmakers yesterday questioned the substantial increase in the number of people stopped, and often frisked, by the New York Police Department.
As a historian of graphic design with a passion for architectural lettering, he sees A’s, B’s and C’s in places that the untrained often overlook.
He contended the league violated its substance abuse policy by not allowing an expert of Henry’s choosing to be present for the testing.
Another new song, “Honey Bee,” loud and ecstatically indelicate, stomped through two chords with her usual kind of lyrics (“you’ve become my weakness/now I want your sweetness”), but it felt desperately relieving, the antidote to all that perfected sadness.
“Can’t be the butt of a joke if they don’t know where you’re from,” he says.
Textures float and are wonderfully transparent.
Chess has sped up lately, often affecting a game’s outcome.
The move was intended to preserve CIFG’s AAA credit rating, which is considered vital to its ability to do business.
In this bleak environment, Isabel's family is her refuge.
Back at the bar, Dr. Stormby was approached by Dick Trauner, the general manager of Zachys.
Chafed by racing’s conservative culture, he quit to pursue freestyle, which was just taking form.
Mr. Romney has about $12 million in cash on hand for use in the primary.
“It’s tough to say to them that we’ve basically run out of options.” Colin King, a lawyer serving as a spokesman for all six families, said they had had a difficult time with the news.
Many sleep-aways that traditionally welcomed children for only seven to eight weeks in the summer are finding they can rent properties that once sat vacant in late spring and early fall — longer if buildings have heat.
Ach, Misha, your idealism is going away.” “So is your sense of humor.” “That I never had, but idealism you had a lot of.” “I’m the same Misha Abramovitch, I didn’t change an iota.
And newspapers had written of Mr. Kerik’s efforts to protect a correction aide accused of beating his lover.
Jekyll and Mr. Hyde,” deals with such inconvenient urges.
Mr. Thomas, an assistant professor at Emory, said he wrote his announcement because: “I’m reclaiming my life as it is.
Then he began to spin, accompanied by a recording of his own chanting voice.
“He has a profound cognitive disability,” Dr. Smith said.
But the company said it planned to expand the network quickly over the next few months.
But it had worked with development officials for months, advising them on the fitness of companies that were bidding for work at the Deutsche Bank site.
“Sometimes you get to a really bad place, like that, something really, really bad.
But that plan is not the most important issue created by this fire.
“A campaign against Russia would be child’s play,” the Führer confidently declared.
But that concern is overanxious.
He recalls in “The Path Not Taken: Reflections on Power and Fear” how, as a bullied child, there was a sole encounter in which he had the courage to fight back against an “archtormentor,” delivering “a rain of blows.” He then immediately goes on to note that this was not the beginning of a triumphant ascension over an instilled timidity: “I did not fight again.
“There could be no sign of life in such a condition,” Robert E. Murray, the mine’s co-owner, said Sunday.
Demand is expected to be high for shares in the deal, which could come to market in the next few weeks.
If people didn’t look to models or celebrities for behavioral cues, Hollywood would not currently be looking at banning cigarette smoking in movies or treating it as grounds for a ratings change.
By comparison, the News Corporation had paid $28 for each unique user for MySpace a few months earlier.
In Florida, Daytona Beach promotes a Spring Family Beach Break season, which runs from March 12 to May 24, with area hotels offering discounts and resort credits.
“You’re constantly stumbling upon something new.” That’s easy to do when there are some 300 watering holes in Krakow’s Old Town, many of them former World War II hideouts that only the local intelligentsia seem to know about.
It is no secret that Marbury, who has less than two years remaining on a bloated contract, is not particularly popular with fans and his teammates.
Nana’s abundant little fruits are edible.
Because the poems and lithographs are printed parallel to the spine, like a wall calendar, the eyes stare out at the reader over the top of the words.
And that is what we are teaching our kids, to be wise.
Even lawyers need a hug.
“I should probably reunite them,” he said with a smile indicating no intention of doing so.
“It was best to finish 1-2.”
Mr. Bloomberg plans to stay at his town house while in London, and will pay the travel expenses for himself and his delegation, including two staff members who are to travel overseas ahead of the mayor.
“We are worried about the prices that we and our children will have to pay during a period of such insecurity,” the letter added.
In 1980, Mr. Rich became of member of the Governor's Heritage Task Force.
She is sorely missed by her family and friends, as well as by her guide dog Seba.
Tight end Todd Heap is also expected to miss the game, and cornerback Samari Rolle was placed on injured reserve with a shoulder injury.
I was not expecting to win this race today.
A new two-disc hits collection by Led Zeppelin, “Mothership” (Atlantic), reached No.
The plan would also allow the relatives of injured soldiers to take six months of unpaid leave from their jobs within the first two years after the injury occurs.
Without a chief executive, it is unlikely that the Merrill board would approve a tie-up with an outside partner.
Twelve of 18 units in the first phase of development at the project, which is called Rose Valle, were sold over the last few months.
Asian markets declined today in morning trading, with Japan’s Nikkei 225 stock index down 2.6 percent by midday and the Hang Seng index in Hong Kong down 3.1 percent.
Since taking the helm of the Emelin in September, Mr. Bush has become the overseer of “a very beloved theater embraced by the community,” one that “has no deficit,” he said.
And I was confident Mr. Vetri would whip things into better shape.
“At the end of the day, racing is all about the horses.
Others complain of costly and redundant testing.
“It’s not about me,” Phillips said.
“It was really the kids who were speaking as clearly as they could.
“How much simpler our lives would have been if we had just stayed there.” And now there is something new.
But it’s also a sobering reminder that even an inspired satirist can be defeated by emaciated targets (1:30).
Officials from the Jujamcyn theater chain, which owns the St. James and is technically the employer of the stagehands, said they would not reopen any of their five theaters until a deal was reached with the union.
“Both of them have come to different conclusions about the long-term national security interests of the country.
The younger, hungrier junior executives who aspire to taking over his corner office are also a worry.
In any case, they’ll provide a crucial case study for the armchair marriage researchers.
Because of his conversion, “He spoke candidly about his role as Pol Pot’s chief executioner,” said the photographer, Nic Dunlop, referring to the Khmer Rouge leader.
At the heart of the debate are questions about how Mrs. Hawke-Petit’s husband, William, who survived the attack, feels about the death penalty.
The Sanskrit concept of gotraskhalana which has to do with calling a loved one by the wrong name, is everywhere within these goings on, and those who are not linked to the lives of others are linked to many different versions of themselves.
Ms. Thompson said she thought the same parent also summoned the authorities on Aug. 30, which led to the closing.
Not only does Woody Allen profess not to care one whit about his legacy as a filmmaker; he’s also fashioned some choice Woodyisms on the topic.
“We don’t get too involved, because we can’t,” he said.
But the question for anyone concerned about good government in New York State is what happens when the person in charge of so much public integrity in Albany is not John Feerick.
Devoted father to Stewart and Robert.
Some news sites have tried to improve their systems by asking their visitors to register, but many people refuse.
According to a compilation of his quotations produced by one of his employees in 1990, Mr. Bloomberg declared: “It was that initial order for 20 terminals that started this company.
John McDermott’s set — a plaid couch covered in plastic, a dartboard on the wood paneling, a poster of Crazy Train with the slogan “All Will Be Right With America” — situates us perfectly in the home of a man who has wrestled Geoffrey the Giraffe at Toys “R” Us and a group of Hungarian dwarfs.
“But for us, coming here is more a place to hide out and write, and to regroup.” The house itself, just a five-minute stroll from the ferry dock, is set back with a long entry boardwalk off a wide sandy track called Fire Island Boulevard (there are no cars in the Pines).
And while you're heading down the coast, you might visit the charming colonial town of Parati, which David Kirby wrote about in ''Sleeping Beauty in Brazil'' (Mar.
At Sahadi's, ask the owner, Charlie Sahadi — who is always around — to share his family's Lebanese-American breakfast tradition: kibbe and eggs.
They can use whatever they want to.” He says that while he locks his main computers and business documents in the cellar, he is not worried about renters snooping or pilfering.
The ratings company say they have improved their panels, and point fingers back at the Web publishers, accusing them of mixing international and domestic traffic and of double-counting people who visit a site from home and from the office.
Traditional religion, he wrote, is a “conversation stopper,” a source of values before which nonbelievers can be only mum.
“It was pretty choppy out there, and when you’re swimming, you can’t sight the course,” Alex said.
For now the concern is to defend this marvel from teenagers who might take a stick and knock it all down, or little boys wanting to push their little sisters into it.
ANOTHER new book, “What Would Socrates Say?” takes a different tack to navigate the imponderable.
By storing a dedicated financial application on phones, Firethorn and others could eventually expand the phones’ features to allow customers to pay for purchases by waving their phones at a register.
But it’s all just so much doodling.
Robert Goodman, a civil engineer, died five years after his son’s murder.
The Royal Opera, at Covent Garden in London, said it was “shocked and surprised” at the singer’s decision.
In 2002, this practice artificially reduced the city’s reported spending.
Hence, I doubt whether Americans, if there were a truly informative national discussion on the issue, would take the bogus threat of single-payer serfdom seriously, especially if the single-payer system is pitched as “Medicare for all.” Craig Duncan Ithaca, N.Y., Sept. 7, 2007 • To the Editor: David Brooks does not recognize that a single payer system based upon expanding Medicare, a proven system, to universal coverage does not mean “free” health care and would not place a burden on future generations.
Not that it’s easy to get your hands on his more recent writing.
They liked it — especially the two-level layout — but the landlord chose a tenant with no dog.
With Mr. Mack in charge, the firm has focused more on hot, lucrative segments like private equity, proprietary trading and hedge funds.
They added 11 teaching aides, and brought in 6 more from other schools in the district.
Officials from Yomiuri, which plays host to the games in Japan, are to meet with baseball officials in New York tomorrow.
“I feel like I married two different men,” said Ms. Santiago, 37, taking a break from her baking duties at the cookie store.
The fee disclosure Web site helps consumers identify both junk fees and hidden relationships, and it costs consumers nothing.
Mark Granville stood before a group of his most committed soldiers on a recent Monday night, scanning their faces until he spotted a teenage boy sitting a few rows behind the others.
Pinot gris and pinot grigio are the same grape, pinot gris being the French name and pinot grigio the Italian.
“Nadal is just a great tennis player,” said Brad Gilbert, the former player and current coach of Andy Murray.
One of us will have to take a job with health insurance.” Whatever the damage to living standards, from Whirlpool’s point of view, its strategy in acquiring Maytag was impeccable.
This season, the Braves are contending again for the division title or the wild card, and having a new owner apparently won’t hurt their ability to compete.
He said the RNA and DNA tests, which measure the virus directly rather than through antibodies, would virtually prove that the person was not harboring even a latent infection.
“I think he has had a severe gambling problem for a while that went untreated,” Lauro told reporters.
“I am driving an automobile right now, and I have my sister in my car, and her son,” he said, talking on a cellphone, a device that was new to him.
Although one playwriting teacher at Columbia was dismissive of her work, a short-story professor there praised her dialogue, and so she tried screenwriting.
His cave is split-level like any good suburban home of the day.
The talks end on Dec. 10.
After your board collapsed amid much acrimony, how have you tried to repair the culture of the board and re-establish trust?
In the United States, where people often pay out of pocket for doctors’ visits and medicine, there have long been efforts to minimize office visits and to sell nonprescription drugs directly to consumers and in bulk to minimize costs.
Because of that, many boards are not forcing executives to train successors.
In 2004, the State Department hired a private contractor to train the Afghan police.
“She has potential,” Ms. Adams said.
With rain still in the forecast, Martínez is scheduled to throw 45 pitches Thursday in a simulated intrasquad game against the Mets’ Gulf Coast League rookie team.
But at the introduction of the proposed design before the Council, some members complained that it lacked features to make the bridge more like a memorial.
After getting out of the juvenile center, Khiel moved back in with his family, who then lived on Madison Street, not far from their current home.
One thing must be said for Patricia Cornwell: she’s got guts.
You create the impression to the public as if there was a debate in the profession, which there is not.” Nevertheless, these efforts, commonly called the “ex-gay” movement, have become increasingly visible across the country, where the battle over gay marriage and sex scandals in the Roman Catholic Church have brought the divisive issue of homosexuality to the forefront in recent years.
“I make a meager living,” Mr. Harrison said, taking care of dogs and doing other odd jobs.
The official asked that his name not be used because he was not authorized to speak publicly about the issue.
The university police identified the dead woman as Mia Henderson, a freshman and member of the Navajo Nation in northern Arizona.
Geoff Freeman, the executive director of the partnership, said that just 2 percent of survey respondents ranked Canada as the worst.
“The time period that we’re playing by, you can see how the rules began to evolve.
A 34-year-old self-described late bloomer, Mr. Thompson had graduated from law school just two years before and practiced law only for his father, Fred D. Thompson Sr., who was about to be sworn in as a senator from Tennessee.
Fans would also be able to place MyStores “widgets” on their own sites and MySpace pages, although Snocap would still control sales.
SARKO (concerned): Mr. President, are you... BUSH (interrupting): Never could figure the Euros.
Michael Imperiale, the director of housing, said in an e-mail statement in response to questions that students who live in the 352 apartments must be full-time students with children and pay rent.
On private land next to the proposed site of the A.T.V.
Miami-Dade County alone must cast aside 7,200 touch-screen machines, for which it paid $24.5 million and still owes $15 million.
“Here, I know I’m not missing anything.” Mr. Doty added, “The silence here, I think, is deeper than just about anywhere.” And then, noting the tinny beat of Madonna’s “Secret” in the not-so-far-off distance, he said, “Although not today, of course.”
Its annual sales are running at more than $45 billion a year.
A private interment will take place at Arlington National Cemetery.
People on both sides of the issue say that represents a shift.
Mrs. Vaina, 28, is the manager of marketing for videos and DVDs produced by the Food Network in New York.
“Mom and Dad were always very private, and we wanted to respect that,” Mrs. Knapp said.
His most acclaimed and controversial drama, “The Power of Darkness,” was banned by the government and is a sturdy and relentless work of moral outrage that moves toward its point with a single-minded determination.
THE BILL Dinner entrees generally $19 to $30.
Under the declaration, the South pledged to accelerate the development of Kaesong, where South Korean factories employing North Korean workers began operating in 2004.
But he would not talk about them publicly because the situation was volatile.
Mr. Obama is going through money as fast as he can take it in.
“Naturally I took pictures,” she told the celebrity radio interviewer Ona Munson in 1946, in her deep movie-star voice.
Through Aug. 26, “Big City, Big Trees: Gentle Giants of the Urban Landscape,” highlighting some of the garden’s most notable trees.
Along the way, I learned a lot about manufacturing, marketing and corporate identity, and hopefully my success will spur other companies to reconsider their archives.
Stop!” yelled the guards, and fired a half-dozen shots (blanks, of course).
And then there was the aftermath, when he tried to postpone the mayoral election under the theory that the factor most critical to our survival was his continued presence at the helm.
Unlike in the United States, in Iran the president is not the head of state nor the commander in chief.
“It’s not one of my favorite things,” said Alfred Merrin, vice chairman and executive creative director at the BBDO New York office, “and culturally, it’s difficult for a lot of people to understand.” But after listening to Mr. Young describe what the tattoos meant to him, “it was a very moving moment,” Mr. Merrin said.
In an interview earlier this season, Peter Tom Willis, a former Seminoles quarterback and the color commentator for the team’s radio broadcasts, said depth was the hallmark of Florida State teams between 1987 and 2000, when the Seminoles finished in the top five for 14 straight seasons.
CBG sought a federal injunction against the increase.
Having explored medieval plays, Renaissance carols and Baroque choral works, Mr. Renz leads “Kerstmis in Holland” — Dutch Christmas music from the 16th and 17th centuries, including Latin settings and Dutch carols by Jacob van Eyck and Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck, and dances by Tielman Susato and Pierre Phalèse.
has shown some bravery in maintaining the open-access auction rules, despite efforts to dismantle them.
To come up with that figure, the economists assigned values to a range of travelers, from those on vacation to those flying for business.
“It would not be a big glass box but something that would blend in with the character and quaintness” of the hamlet, he said.
“The words ‘civil union’ were not good enough for Sally and me to get equality in New Jersey , but the word ‘marriage’ is,” she said at a hearing of the Civil Union Review Commission last month.
And yet — and yet — this particular injustice does not really rankle me.
When Park He-ran was a young mother, other women would approach her to ask what her secret was.
In case you haven’t noticed, we talk about cancer now.
He desired more promotion, more financing, more opportunities for the band to take part in the organization’s educational programs.
Because of the stress of the infection, she becomes delirious, which puts her at high risk of falling.
Running time: 2 hours, 20 minutes.
The authorities shut down Shargh, a leading reformist newspaper, after it published an interview with an Iranian poet who lives in exile and writes about female sexuality, Saghi Ghahraman.
And, now that it has been pointed out, the almost ironic lift of his left eyebrow, the only thing that seems to counter the deep sense of fatigue that has settled under his eyes and weighs down his jaw.
He ended the medley by modifying a favorite line from the Foo Fighters’ song: “I’ve got another confession, my friend/I ain’t no fool.” Somehow, it all made sense, or maybe it made something better than sense.
Isner faces a tall order in beating Federer, who is aiming for his fourth United States Open title.
“But other governments don’t like to be told how to handle policy issues based on intuition.” “What makes this study important,” Dr. Pollak went on, “is that it gives objective data to say that if you’re going to allow international adoptions, then it’s a good idea to speed things up and get kids into families quickly.” In recent years many countries, including Romania, have banned or sharply restricted American families from adopting local children.
The disadvantage is that the park’s cost-free walkways — most notably that along a three-mile canyon close to the lower entrance — can be unbearably crowded, with long lines of strollers (and the unfit and the elderly in bamboo sedan chairs) creating an ugly and noisy congestion.
But Coughlin is old school, part of an era when results spoke for themselves.
At the same time the development of such mechanical clocks permitted the formation of certain kinds of organized human community.
In Mr. Gruber’s performance a line like “Komm, mach mal Licht” (“C’mon, let’s get some light on it”) comes across in a verbal flourish of sputtered consonants and phlegmy vowels.
Twenty-five years ago, Mr. Neuharth had staked his career — and possibly Gannett’s future — on his vision of a national newspaper, created from scratch, despite near-universal skepticism and the need to bleed resources from other Gannett papers to pull it off.
Rupert Everett, Forest Whitaker, Lauren Bacall, Tracey Ullman and Julia Roberts.
The idea of gastronomy would never again depend on preparations named for dead French nobles.
In the film the dying Ann drifts between the morphine-fogged present, where her daughters pick at each other and their barely healed wounds, and the hothouse refuge of memory.
Mr. Paulmeno said, “They call up and say that their loved one is angry or having difficulty sleeping,” Mr. Paulmeno said, adding .or in other cases “sitting in the dark with all the shades down,” Mr. Paulmeno said.
But I also knew it couldn’t be in the city.
The award for best banda album went to Los Horóscopos de Durango, a rare banda with women as singers.
But it’s a dodgy gambit to give your hero your name.
Perhaps that’s why, in 2005, he formed the John Mayer Trio, a blues-rock group that gave him a chance to play the licks and solos he loves.
In 1902, Macy’s moved from 14th Street to 34th, where Broadway crosses Sixth Avenue, an apparent ratification of the importance of Sixth.
STATUS Construction is planned to begin late this year.
It’s less like the stories that people have gossiped about for thousands of years and thus will have less traction, even if it is a better guide to monetary policy issues.
Wooden stairs worn to the knots lead to the basement and an unheated, gravel-floored locker room.
“Before, everybody was on an island in the middle of nothing,” Mr. Callahan said.
Instead of overcrowded Dickensian refuges for society’s most vulnerable, there would be a nurturing village in the woods with an acre of land for every inhabitant.
“It starts messing with your head — ‘I’m really back there.’ ” In December, he and another deserter, Ronnie, 28, who also asked that his last name not be used, tried to surrender to the authorities at Fort Bliss.
Johanna Rodriguez said her third child, Julissa, who is three months old, had not yet received her Social Security card, so she did not qualify for Medicaid .
“They are out of there in three and a half minutes.” But workers also have to dispel the rumors heard by the drivers: That the flower project has something to do with the taxi commission’s mandate that global positioning devices be installed in every cab.
Survived by his four children, Charles W. Jr. and Kristina of Easton, CT, Larry and Norene of Skillman, NJ, Richard and Linda of Morris Plains, NJ, and Helen and Roger Canal of Brooklyn, NY.
He added that he was disturbed by reports out of Khartoum that officials were also going back on their agreement to let the force wear the blue berets that carry United Nations insignia, an essential condition, he said, for those countries that have agreed to contribute troops.
Bottega Veneta Shirt And Tie.
There is no solution to the Gaza problem except through dialogue and serious negotiations with the elected representatives of this region, whoever they are.
The landfill was declared a hazardous waste site and was capped in the late 1990s under an agreement with the state in which those responsible for disposing of the waste would eventually help pay for the cleanup.
“And things that would help us confirm that, like a medical database.”
“We let them lie in caskets.” Through these object lessons, they hope to counteract glamorous images of gangs and guns in rap videos, Mr. Reece said.
There were familiar warning signs for both of them — an initial sharp rise in unemployment, followed by slower increases that continued for a couple of years.
Opponents of the government, however, pointed out that the speech comes as Mr. Brown prepares to make new proposals for stricter antiterrorism laws.
Almost four-fifths said that the work would not be completed in the next three years.
Steven Lauridsen Geneva, Ill., Oct. 11, 2007  To the Editor: It always appears that when there is a failure in the health care system it is appropriate to blame the health care provider rather than the system itself.
It will, writes “Mike” on TechDirt, allow Viacom to “go back to the folks at Google/YouTube and say “look, Joost is willing to pay us money!” in the hopes that it will convince YouTube to pay out as well.” Hot-Dog Defiance It seems only fitting: The first Chicago institution to be cited for circumventing the city’s new ban on foie gras is a Northwest Side hot-dog joint.
Mass of Christian Burial Wednesday, 9:45am, Holy Trinity RC Church.
“He’s a survivor,” says Stephen A. Schwarzman, chief executive of the private equity giant Blackstone, and a former Lehman executive.
“They’d much rather hear ‘Some Enchanted Evening.’” Mr. Terfel sang the title role in Stephen Sondheim’s “Sweeney Todd” in London and Chicago and said he would love to have Mr. Sondheim write an opera for him.
In an International Fight League event, the team that earns three or more individual victories wins the match.
Bill joined the New York law office of Fish, Richardson & Neave (later Fish & Neave) in 1947 where he was managing partner from 1977 to 1980.
Nonetheless, Mr. Cohen said, “I still have an inherent belief that people will care about what happens to other people and there will always be a way to harness that concern.” In tandem with the high-tech search, aircraft have been crisscrossing the Nevada mountains and desert for days.
Wall Street is also anxious about the employment report for November that is expected Friday, particularly after last week’s unexpectedly large increase in unemployment claims.
Afraid of losing the relationship, “individuals high on dependency may actually behave in a more positive way to their partner, like being more complying, being more loving,” said Bénédicte Lowyck, the psychologist who led the study.
The ostensible purpose of what was called her listening tour was to defuse the criticism of her residency.
He warned of an escalating mob war, saying, “We need to be attentive that there is not a third act in Calabria.” The multiple killings stunned Duisburg, a sooty industrial city on the Rhine that has long been a magnet for Italian immigrants.
This latest controversy occurs at a delicate time for Mr. Uribe, who is trying to persuade lawmakers in the United States to approve a trade deal.
“Something like didymo can get hidden in the felt soles of a pair of waders and you will never see it,” said Bill Foreman, environmental analyst for the D.E.P.’s Division of Inland Fisheries.
But you won’t have to name the charity immediately, so you can be thoughtful about the gift itself.
I think Joe’s really good at letting the players be who they are, but yet you have to be who you are within the parameters of the team.
Torre, the manager, told him no thanks.
“Unfortunately, worse news lies ahead,” said Nigel Gault, chief United States economist at Global Insight in Lexington, Mass.
I had a vision of his healthy face desiccating before my eyes until every last piece of flesh had sunk into bone.
Ricardo Clark’s goal in the 40th minute had tied the score 10 minutes after Edgar Barreto had put Paraguay ahead, 1-0.
They’re so receptive to what I do.
“This evolution toward transparency in public life, unimaginable only 10 years ago, has become inevitable today,” he wrote.
But Aspen is a good place to have a good time and there are scores of places waiting to oblige.
His loyalty, respect and guidance will be missed.
Last year, 15 percent of recruits needed waivers because they didn’t meet requirements on education, medical and lack of a criminal record.
Although he struggled with injuries and his numbers dipped during his senior season, Brennan could not be happier.
Several dogs that did not perform well in test fights were executed.
In 1952, Mr. Luke began his career with Westvaco Corporation.
Huckabee has moved it to issues of character, religion and personality.
With this knockout available, why bother with a lemon tart in dry cookie dough crust or with a weird combination called Baked Brie, in which apple, raisins and the cheese are encased in a shell of armadillo pastry and served with cinnamon ice cream.
Eurostar, which began in November 1994, now carries four out of every five visitors between the two cities, Mr. Tilhou said, and the campaign is aimed at the estimated 25 million Americans who travel to Europe each year.
PERCENT: 10.3 CHNG: +2.0 5.
The Trojans (4-0, 2-0 Pacific-10) committed 3 turnovers and 16 penalties — their most in more than two seasons — for 161 yards and had a missed field goal and blocked punt.
In a nagging interior refrain that is an echo of Jacob’s voice, Ms. Oates makes it clear that, though the Schwarts and their two sons (all born in Germany) will never hold their heads above water, Rebecca will be allowed to forge an identity because: “You — you are born here.
“There is enough crude in the market,” Gholam Hossein Nozari, Iran’s acting oil minister, told reporters in Vienna on Monday.
Euphoria commenced around 4:30 p.m. at the Triple Door , a sleek downtown club whose plate-glass windows let sunlight bounce all over the shiny black tables.
“The history of mental health is almost always told by psychiatrists and hardly ever by patients or through patients’ lives,” said Darby Penney, “so this is pretty amazing.” Ms. Penney, who worked in the New York State Office of Mental Health, and Dr. Peter Stastny, a psychiatrist and documentary filmmaker, spent years piecing together what happened to 25 patients from their belongings, medical records and interviews.
Patients have the best chance of recovery if their arteries are opened within two hours, research has shown.
“Come on, let’s go,” he said, as he eased himself behind the steering wheel of a dusty Honda and headed down a leafy two-lane road.
Services Tuesday July 31st, 11:15am at ''The Riverside'' at 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
Her case was taken up by rights organizations and advocates for a free press, who said her forced psychiatric treatment was a throwback to Soviet days, when dissidents were labeled as mentally ill and forced to undergo treatment, sometimes including electroshock therapy.
Extra points have accounted for 46 of his points.
It is focusing on businesses with 20 to 100 employees for now.
Before the break, Democrats produced a July 26 letter from Blackwater inviting Alvin Krongard to join the advisory board.
Feldman's references to the murderers Goldstein and Amir point to what can happen, in the worst case, when one loses this balanced view of Jewish life.
... Samuel Beckett’s “Endgame,” featuring John Turturro, has been added to the spring season at the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
United now under a single system, the racial barriers have vanished — but the differences between wealthier and poorer schools, like the quality of facilities and teaching, remain as sharp as ever.
“We were constantly negotiating backwards,” said Marcus Jadotte, a Kerry deputy campaign manager who was assigned to travel with Mr. Edwards.
Most of those were subsequently released without charges.
It meant arrest, torture, a death sentence or, if you were lucky, “only” years in the labor camps.
West happily converted to seven diamonds, knowing that a heart finesse, if needed, was likely to work because it would be through the opening bidder.
4 Svetlana Kuznetsova, a 3-6, 6-1, 6-1 winner over Anna Chakvetadze — mowing down Venus Williams one round after vanquishing her younger sister Serena was worthy of a private trophy.
When that strand joins another from the other parent to eventually form an embryo, the segment of the DNA missing those 25 genes can’t do its work.
Eating in the dark is not without its pitfalls.
Wahaha executives denied the accusations, saying the companies were legal and had been approved by Danone.
This spring, MediaPro will become a new program, Microsoft Expression Media.
Oddly enough, on Friday night Ms. Spessard performed the same solo — which enigmatically charts a woman’s unsentimental evolution — in a different storefront as part of “Changing Room,” a separate installation and performance series by the photographer Anja Hitzenberger.
The government has avoided a new census because of the repercussions: power is delicately divided among Lebanon’s officially recognized 18 sects.
Sumptuous and vibrant, they are from the artists’ “Structure of Thought” series showing silhouettes of trees, whose signal quality — call it a heightened romanticism — epitomizes a great deal of nature photography these days.
“It’s got to be in the six figures.” Ms. Wurtzel has until Nov. 15 to take up WilmerHale’s job offer.
The department store’s nine buildings were carefully taken down last summer, with pieces of the structure saved for recycling into the new 750-unit parking structure that will form the core of the high-end condo building.
But a list of current research grants on the Autism Speaks Web site suggests that the Wrights, while walking a fine line, are leaning toward genetic theories.
Citing the procedures for validating the ages of visitors to liquor Web sites, he said: “It’s more or less a challenge for young people to come on.
Family history is a strong risk factor, but most patients have no affected relatives.
Both senators voted for the bill.
Martin said he had met Miles once, a one-minute conversation at a Michigan football reunion that Miles started by introducing himself.
That computers alone cannot do the job does not surprise Richard M. Smith, an expert in digital security.
“It’s probably not chart music anymore,” she said.
— gives way over a dinner of chili and spumoni to the potential for friendship.
“Roche’s offer does not come close to adequately compensating Ventana stockholders,” Ventana’s chief executive, Christopher M. Gleeson, said.
He marches around the Red Hook projects in Brooklyn, where he lives, with a long More Red cigarette between his fingers.
A recitation of the events of that day, especially coming after a series of lovingly shot Manhattan streetscapes, can’t fail to tighten throats and moisten eyes.
They said other issues, such as the need for reviews of internal controls, made earlier deadlines impractical.
Now here’s a way to celebrate your birthday: Gather hundreds of affectionate fans in a theater, sit as they watch a rare performance of your only opera, and bathe in their applause.
Too many redemptions can force funds to sell into a bad market, resulting in worse losses.
Cinema Arts Center, 423 Park Avenue.
In a pep talk to his troops Friday afternoon, Roger Ailes, the chairman of both networks, said, “I’m not interested in anything short of a revolution.” That is what Rupert Murdoch , the chairman of the channels’ parent, the News Corporation, expects from his latest media property — and, as Mr. Ailes put it in a telephone interview, “When Mr. Murdoch wants something, you try to deliver it.” The question of how devoted the News Corporation properties are to doing Mr. Murdoch’s bidding hung over the protracted negotiations to acquire Dow Jones & Company this year.
But he also grew up with a sense of imminent change.
Before Overstock.com, Nova-Star was the stock of focus for those who believed their stocks were being sabotaged by “naked short sellers” who drive a company’s share price down by selling shares they had not bought or borrowed.
May his return visits to New York be more frequent.
The Indonesian president, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, had been scheduled to travel to the region on Wednesday but delayed his departure because of two other disasters — a passenger jet that caught fire on landing at Yogyakarta, on Java, and mudslides caused by heavy rain on Flores, a small eastern island where dozens of people were killed.
Estée Lauder’s fall makeup collection is called After Hours.
Vioxx, you may recall, was a painkiller that was originally aimed at a pretty small group of patients: people who suffered serious stomach problems as a result of taking aspirin regularly.
This added momentum to efforts by environmental groups like Corporate Accountability International and Food & Water Watch, which have been lobbying citizens to dump the bottle; environmental organizations had banded together in several states to pressure governments to extend bottle bills to include bottled water.
Bates was invited, of course, to the famous March on Washington in 1963, when Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. gave his “I Have a Dream” speech.
A 1977 sound piece by Jack Goldstein is one touchstone: it's there but not there.
On Monday dubious honors went to Felicia Zhang, a competitive skater performing a competition routine choreographed by the company’s co-artistic director, David Liu.
“If that ever goes away, it will have consequences.
And because he frequently designs clothes for men that are easy, we forget that he is capable of much more sophistication and surprise than he delivered today.
“I do want Republicans and Democrats to come together to support a bill that focuses on the poor children,” Mr. Bush told a group of business people at a town-hall-style meeting here in Pennsylvania Dutch Country.
She traces the chain backward, from a San Francisco gas station near her home to the trucks of a jobber, or oil wholesaler, to a refinery south of Los Angeles, and then to a drilling rig in East Texas.
Cool air rushed out as he opened a sliding-glass door onto a mini-classroom where Rene Izquierdo, a Cuban-born and Yale-trained guitarist who teaches at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, plucked and strummed along with six students on a piece called “Imaginary Reel.” “Don’t rush,” Mr. Izquierdo commanded, calling out notes and joining in, without sheet music, when the students’ fingers failed them.
Manny is grappling with a maddening software screw-up when he hears an unfamiliar sound: the ringing of his doorbell.
Classical music programs in the United States would not be dominated, as they mostly are, by the works of dead European males.
Once they begin swarming, “I Am Legend” inevitably loses some of its haunting originality, since they look a lot like the monsters in “28 Days Later” (and its sequel, “28 Weeks Later” ).
The eyes of the astronomers were replaced by charge-coupled devices, or C.C.D.’s, allowing for faster, more voluminous observations with all the advantages of a searchable database.
The benefits would seem obvious enough.
Polls show that the American public is not as anti-security-minded as the American Civil Liberties Union.
Look closely enough and you’ll see that everyone has a short straw or two in their lives.
WHAT WE LIKE Pho bo, fried spring rolls, summer rolls, steamed shrimp fingers, green papaya salad with beef, grilled shrimp over green salad; chicken curry, basil beef, pork in ginger-honey sauce, prawn and scallop combination, pan-fried egg noodles with chicken, rice crepes filled with ground shrimp; fried bananas.
“This was not a one-time error, or a goof-up, or a mistake in judgment,” Mr. Smith said in a news release.
For the first time, heavy fighting has moved beyond Pakistan’s tribal fringe and into more settled areas of the country.
On offense, she has a strong jump hook with either hand.
We have too much talent around him.
The message has a populist tinge, saying that power resides in citizens, not the Oval Office.
In another angry exchange about public corruption, Ms. Massimi chided the voters for their own role in promoting graft and nepotism.
Mr. Lévy, who has a penchant for grand ambitions, says he does not plan to compete with Google — rather, he wants Google to need Publicis.
Raider enjoys the luxury of ample acreage and a full-time farmer at the Garrison resort, where Valley is located.
A hefty sirloin on the bone, called cowboy steak, was done exactly to our order of medium-rare.
A 62-page affidavit by a special agent of the Food and Drug Administration details an extraordinary level of personal involvement in the trafficking and sale of the powerful hormones by Jin Lei, the founder and chief executive of the GeneScience Pharmaceuticals Company, one of China’s largest drug makers, based here in Changchun, in northern China.
In some states, including New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, California and Oregon, the percentage increase in the number of students taking the exam was in double digits, said Richard L. Ferguson, ACT’s chief executive.
Basketball is the easiest team sport because you only have to get to one guy out of five.
Also, Italian officials said that they did not learn about the case until Mr. Speaker had left Italy.
Ted Johnson, a former linebacker for the New England Patriots, told The New York Times in February that he had two concussions in a span of four days in 2002 that have led to memory loss and depression.
His home is worth far less than it was a year ago, and his equity has evaporated.
The Senate is considering a slightly larger amount and wants to cover other groups, including residents, that were exposed to trade center dust.
We extend our sincerest sympathy to his wife Eleanor, his family and friends.
He will always be remembered as a visionary and pioneer in the Public Relations field, who created one of the world's largest PR Firms, Rowland Worldwide.
Beethoven was probably wise to publish the C minor Trio as the last in the set.
“We had no idea how high-style it was, how beautiful it was,” said Susan Danilow, director of the conservancy.
“You want to feel like a man,” said Dayday, who has a soft beard and tired eyes.
Quarterly sales, particularly in higher-end diamond jewelry, were strong across the United States and in most international markets, other than Japan, Tiffany said.
Morningside Heights has long been home to Columbia University students, but in recent years many young families have settled here, lured by the spacious apartments, access to parks, excellent private schools and transportation.
Mr. Adamsdale is a portrait of frustration as Wiley gradually deconstructs, and Mr.
Mr. Utiashvili said none of the opposition leaders were in custody.
“Because the system is better for the fans, not because the team forces the issue, or wants to,” he said.
Does anyone really care that they’re closing?” Asked to respond, Mr. Catsimatidis said: “Do we give up the location or do we charge more for the product?
Joe was born February 28, 1925, in Manhattan to Michael and Mary Costello of County Mayo, Ireland.
Citadel will provide most of that money, though the money manager BlackRock will also make a small investment.
For starters, there are pregnancies, covert interracial marriages, gambling debts, new romances, divorces, repressed musical talents, bar brawls and catfights.
The longevity of his friendships are astounding.
Duke University should tighten campus drinking policies, reduce the time student-athletes practice and travel, and alter student housing policies, said a committee created to review the campus culture in the wake of last year’s rape accusations against Duke lacrosse players.
That same week, two Bear Stearns hedge funds, with heavy exposure to mortgages, were collapsing.
Last night was their final one in the city.
The elder son was Pieter Brueghel the Younger (1564-1638), who is the subject of a small but lovely show at the Nassau County Museum of Art.
But more should be possible.
In late November, Moody’s Investors Service reported that commercial property values nationwide declined by 1.2 percent in September.
They could not simultaneously trust “the people they loved” and believe in “the government they feared.” Golovina even joined the Communist Party to help protect her family and her career as a doctor.
Donations can be sent to a charity of your choice.
It was also unclear whether Facebook would involve Microsoft as it continued to develop its own advertising network to serve ads on portions of its site.
And her presence at meetings and receptions and dinners illuminated the Morgan.
EDGAR BRONFMAN JR. with his sisters CLARE BRONFMAN, left, and SARA BRONFMAN.
Last week, it opened a 120,000-square-foot production studio in Norwalk.
Matthew Bourne’s long-awaited staging of “Edward Scissorhands” has finally arrived at the Brooklyn Academy of Music .
4, 1913), which show the harmonic influence of Strauss.
In the program’s opening work, “Leap to Tall,” he, Hristoula Harakas and Jodi Melnick work valiantly, but to what end?
Then his career really took off with sales and invitations for museum exhibitions; he has had retrospectives at the Guggenheim in New York and the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles.
To entice buyers to spend $1 million for one-bedroom apartments on the less glossy eastern edge of the Upper East Side, the builders of a shimmering glass tower going up at 91st Street and First Avenue advertise customized stone countertops, a private fitness center, “expansive sunrise and sunset views” — and the Second Avenue subway.
That is because the rails contain electrical circuits that communicate with the signal system, indicating when a train is on a particular section of track.
As an aspiring actor and a practicing bartender at Smith Bar and Grill on Eighth Avenue, Daniel Cardona had dual cause to celebrate.
“A prominent reason is how well we do in support programs available in general education,” said David A. Fleishman, the superintendent.
That’s not unusual, she said: “I lived in a bubble as a kid.” Indeed, she had to Google Emmitt Smith to learn who he was.
He used a hand control for the clutch and throttle.
It culminated a weeklong tribute organized by WKCR, the student-run radio station of Columbia University.
On Sunday night this state of affairs was summed up with one image: the sight of the teenage-friendly singer Chris Brown, in white socks (because the rain-soaked stage was too slippery for shoes), doing his best Michael Jackson imitation, complete with glove and hat.
“The stroller used to live in the sixth floor hall, until those neighbors banished it, and then it appeared on the fifth floor,” she said.
In 1998, van Berkel caught the attention of many in the architecture world with the completion of the 1998 Mobius House, whose faceted concrete and glass interior was organized in a kind of elaborate figure eight.
The show, organized by the British photographer Martin Parr, is a must-see for anyone interested in the medium.
“It was the prize.” Cable cars, Coit Tower, crooked streets — these are the postcards people have in mind when they think of San Francisco .
They were Italian, and 26 years ago, when she announced that she was moving to Starrett City, now called Spring Creek Towers, “they considered it the projects.” But now, after the decades of baptisms and cancer treatments and holiday dinners, the sixth floor has become her family.
This changed in the early 1970s, when the reality of the Communist People’s Republic of China could no longer be ignored.
“We turn into a multimillion-dollar agency overnight, with no additional training for the staff, no additional training for the management,” Ms. Johnson said.
Dr. George Realmuto, a psychiatrist from the University of Minnesota, said most of the marketing associated with his lectures was packaged around his talks.
“It is time to bring this to an end.” Mr. Obama’s plan for Iraq, which includes leaving an unspecified number of troops in Iraq and the region for a limited mission, drew criticism from some of his rivals.
Second Stage, 307 West 43rd Street, Clinton, (212) 246-4422.
Mr. Walsh started a public relations firm in 1960 and for nearly 30 years represented clients including Noël Coward, Judy Garland, Helen Hayes, Cole Porter, Jack Benny, Lucille Ball, Rita Hayworth, Ethel Merman and Carol Burnett.
“It gets me excited when I see her getting her combinations down,” said Mr. Vasquez, who wore headgear, gloves and a stomach guard to soften the blow.
Lombardi’s Bakery, 117 East Main Street, Torrington, (860) 489-4766.
Mr. Espinosa, meanwhile, worked on freeing another block, in the rear wall of his cell, next to a window.
“Like what does ‘triple mint’ really mean?” There are some common buzzwords that brokers have trouble avoiding because they are used to soft-pedal a home’s negatives.
Because of an aggressive marketing campaign by Alchemy, a New York advertising agency, Splenda immediately began to eat into Equal’s sales.
“We would be just barely getting up, and he has already got 10 things he has just got to tell us.” At the bitter end, when polls showed Mr. Kennedy had re-election locked up, George Romney insisted that the family could still turn it around.
Maybe it’s back at the hotel?
“The reality is that Russia is not investing enough in its own gas infrastructure and has not enough of its own gas to supply Europe and its domestic market,” said Andrew Monaghan, director of the Russian Research Network at the Defense Academy of the United Kingdom.
From cracks and fissures, birch trees impossibly grow, twisting and thrusting upward to catch a glimpse of sun.
“You can make enough mistakes in this business even if you don’t rush things.” In fact, some in the intelligence agencies appear to be not fully convinced that the notes of the deliberations indicated that all aspects of the weapons program had been shut down.
The underlying economy isn’t as bad as some investors believe, he says.
Kathleen Sebelius, a Democrat, signed an executive order prohibiting most state employees from discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
As an appetizer, a few slices of very good French ham — jambon d'Auvergne — were served with a chunk of butter and good bread.
Where to Stay It is never cheap to stay in a hotel on Capri.
Tens of thousands of tubes of potentially toxic toothpaste from China have been seized in Spain and Italy, the European Commission said.
The Titans play at Indianapolis next week while the Browns play host to San Francisco.
The group left with Mr. Simpson’s Football Hall of Fame certificate and a photo of J. Edgar Hoover, the former Federal Bureau of Investigation director, among other items, Mr. Simpson said.
Only nine of the state’s 70 correctional facilities offer temporary release programs.
All the remaining cases have been consolidated under the same judge.
“When we played baseball against each other,” Jordan Palmer recalled, “he was the kid standing on second telling the shortstop about how he’d steal third.” Brennan attended Mater Dei, a large Catholic high school and state power in Santa Ana, in part, he said, for the chance “to be part of something bigger.” His uneven journey to stardom began with Brennan playing backup quarterback on the freshman team, being the junior varsity starter as a sophomore and then Leinart’s backup as a junior.
Sari Gabay-Rafiy, 33, a New York lawyer, and her partner, Anne-Marie Bowler, 32, left the law firm Proskauer Rose and founded Gabay-Rafiy & Bowler because they wanted autonomy, flexibility and an opportunity to work on their own terms.
The appeals court also told Judge Rakoff to reconsider a $2.1 billion punitive award.
The plea deal probably calls for prosecutors to recommend a lighter sentence as long as Vick cooperates with the government’s investigation.
Admission is free, and parking charges apply on weekends only, from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. ($4 with a park pass, $8 without).
A memorial service will be at the Riverside, Amsterdam Ave. and 76th Street at 2pm, Thursday, December 20th.
Readers take note: opportunity was brought about by the fusion of socialist policies and materialistic dreams.
China was hit by a wave of product recalls this year involving everything from tainted toothpaste and contaminated pet food ingredients to toys coated with toxic lead paint.
Principle 1 is important because it provides a clear signal of relative risk to those living in areas subject to natural disasters, as well as those who are considering moving into these areas.
Mr. Kelly said that detectives were seeking a search warrant for Mr. Hiraman’s computer, but that they had not yet obtained the warrant late yesterday.
Mr. Souquet had broad experience in ultrasound, having worked in the United States for Varian Semiconductor, before moving to ATL Ultrasound in Seattle.
So one could lie in a Trump bed in a Trump shirt, pour a Trump vodka and watch Trump on television?
The crowd, which had been boisterous all night trying to drown out a vocal bunch of Montreal fans in attendance, roared.
For a list of offenses, ranging from theft to murder and including drunken driving, local police are supposed to ask about the immigration status of people they arrest.
First, users have said that there have not been many great games designed exclusively for the PlayStation 3.
They said, O.K., now we’re watching another channel.
Most dogs with one human: In New York, money buys anything, including the guy or gal who comes to your house, picks up your dog and drags it and a bunch of others to the park.
Settlers — including Drury James, uncle of the outlaw Jesse James — aimed to make the most of them.
You can make whatever you want in this land.
“We used to go into talks saying ‘acquisition,’ with joint ventures a distant second choice,” said Pamela Daley, senior vice president for corporate business development.
This year, he stretched Federer — as adept on grass as Nadal is on clay — to five sets.
He said he tells the venture capitalists and start-ups that the Defense Department signs 6,000 or more contracts a week with various companies.
We will always miss him.
Even though the cars were parked up and down the hill in this enclave near the Hudson River, there was very little traffic.
The upshot for women will be more time-consuming and costly abortion services, additional rounds of amniocentesis, more pain and more risk of infection.
The Colts will end a grueling stretch — a Monday night game at Jacksonville, at Carolina and against the Patriots — Sunday night at San Diego.
It’s an amazing way to see where you’re going, find out what sort of neighborhood to expect, and so on.
The patent covered the way the company makes cash advances to merchants in return for a cut of their future credit card receipts.
They converted 8 of 13 third-down opportunities.
“I’m happy flying under the radar and I’m happy delivering wins for our sponsors, and right now, the most important thing is getting into the Chase” for the Nextel Cup championship, which begins after three more races.
But now he had to apologize to the rest of the world.
shares more than 9 percent yesterday.
Mark Jones Cortlandt Manor My Building, Held Hostage To the Editor: Another aspect of “redevelopment” (“Now You Own It, Soon You Don’t?,” July 29) is that a municipality can hold a property hostage for years.
Until this year, the members of the government AIDS team worked out of a shipping container on the grounds of the Health Ministry.
When CBS was spun off from Viacom, it was expected to be a slow-growth business, especially when compared with the other Viacom assets, like the MTV cable networks.
The local business organization had named the plot Adami Park, after Albert Adami, who ran a hardware store for 48 years on the block.
But her corporate adversaries dispute her accusations.
These electro-optical satellites were among the first devices to use the technology now common in digital cameras.
This means you should be able to view photos wirelessly on your laptop or TV certified by the alliance, but you can’t transfer the photos permanently to your laptop or upload them wirelessly to a picture-sharing service like Pictopia or Photobucket.
If there is any reason to be nostalgic for those grueling, often freezing journeys, it’s the wild and weird varieties of sea life he used to bring home for Ms. Sessler: dogfish, skate, John Dory.
Too much work treads ground already covered by other art over the years.
(That design, top left, which he called the 4-Bulb Linear Asymmetrical, is part of his collection and costs $2,825.)
2 Bowl Championship Series ranking is Coach Mark Mangino’s ascent to the top of his profession.
On Saturdays, a treasure-filled flea market (Neuer Kamp 30, www.marktkultur-hamburg.de ) spills down Marktstrasse, the district's main artery, where you can forage for vintage Krups coffee mills (15 euros) and 1950s Kaiser table lamps (55 euros).
Those are the two issues that’ll be out there.” The Senate majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno, said that he supported the idea — he has supported efforts to legalize marijuana for medical use in the past — but that “the Assembly version doesn’t work.” He said he believed there was enough time left in the session to work out the differences, though lawmakers are grappling with a wide variety of issues in the five remaining days of the session.
Mr. Rangel’s proposal would end any such audits involving years before 2004.
I believed I was keeping faith with García Lorca, and also with the great poets Saadi and Hafez of long-ago Persia, who honored love and liberty.
And yet here we are, just past Labor Day, when presidential campaigns become tangible affairs, and Rudy Giuliani isn’t showing any signs of fading.
Bradley tried to get at Winters, but he was spun to the ground by San Diego Manager Bud Black.
Two years later, they seem inclined to use the same strategy to obtain his potential replacement.
There are dancing girls called the Honey Bees, a big band, professional singers and contestants selected from the audience at the start of each competition.
The Baltimore Symphony Orchestra, led by Marin Alsop, will perform his "Mass" at Carnegie and again at the United Palace Theater in an educational project with students.
Mr. Forster emphasized that casting Afghan boys did not seem risky at the time; local filmmakers even encouraged him, he said: “You really felt it was safe there, a democratic process was happening, and stability, and a new beginning.” Ms. Dowd and E. Bennett Walsh, a producer, said they met in Kabul with Ahmad Khan’s father, Ahmad Jaan Mahmoodzada, and told him that his son’s character was the victim of a “vicious sexual assault.” Mr. Mahmoodzada seemed unmoved, they said, remarking that “bad things happen” in movies as in life.
(Travelers can apply for free membership cards through Trilogy’s Web site.)
WHO Rita Bass, 57, a former state employee, and her husband, Ray, 70, a retired assistant school superintendent, from Clarkesville, Ga. WHAT 1-bedroom condominium WHERE Athens, Ga. Rita: I was born and raised in Athens, and I’ve been going to University of Georgia football games since I was 4.
Relentlessly smiling employees roam the floor, carrying hand-held terminals for instant credit-card swiping.
“He has the most up-to-date technology but also understands the aesthetics of design, and that is something one doesn’t encounter every day.” The design for their newest flight of fancy, a FredriksonStallard chandelier, incorporates motion.
“We need a government loan,” he said.
Or, as a Kurdish official said to me: “If you wanted a united Iraq, you never should have gotten rid of Saddam, because he was the only one who could hold this place together.”
Thomas Weisel & Partners and William Blair.
Denver, Ms. Payton added, “is a place where you can bring your ideas to the table and they get heard.” Mr. Kister is one such transplant.
You grow into art; or it grows in you.
Commercial and investment banks globally have packaged billions of dollars of debt into vehicles that sell short-term bonds to investors.
We try to incent people to do it earlier, which levels the load.
; There's no room for visual static when it comes to Armani, although the odd geometric motif (in black, silver and white, of course) on plush chairs and sofas occasionally passes muster.
Employers and health plans typically obtain discounts on particular drugs in return for encouraging patients to use those medicines, rather than competing products.
Beyond terrorism and the war, no one has figured out what issues are most going to define the candidates, and with the debate over Iraq policy coming to a head in Washington, even the war could prove to be a moving target politically.
The Ethiopians laugh at this.
The idea is to reduce the supply of locally produced, low-quality table wine, and in that way drain Europe’s “wine lake” of surplus stock before subsidies are slashed and the industry is exposed to the chill winds of a free, or at least a freer, market.
It is all because of the brand name.” Elizabeth Fry, a broker with Showcase Properties International in Vacaville, Calif., said that affiliating with Cabela’s had meant reorganizing her business.
“The view is we’ve fought two wars for liberty, and we’ll be damned if we’re going to give it up now,” she said, adding that she personally favors extending precharge detention to 90 days.
Mr. Corn-Revere accused the F.C.C.
Several speakers may be playing at the same time, with no overlap or distraction.
Her final sentence, half challenge and half plea, might be an intriguing place to begin a new piece; as an ending it felt a bit too pat, like a tossed-off line that sounds cleverer than it is.
Service rivals that at more expensive spots; the food is reassuring but has enough twists to make it interesting, and the luscious desserts keep diners coming back for more.
Backed by a band that included his son, Dick Gimble, he sang and spoke through a narrative of his own musical history, including the first songs he learned to play.
“You have to get a lot of momentum.
Mr. Russert said at the top of the show that “Meet the Press” has a long history of political humor, but Mr. Colbert and the standard issue Washington comic — say, Mark Russell — are not the same species.
We have absolutely everything to gain and absolutely nothing to lose.” Coughlin, eschewing the safer approach of resting starters and preparing for the playoff game, knew he was risking injuries to key players by using them.
In his opening group, Mr. Goerne capitalized on the fanciful imagery of “Abends am Strand,” “Es leuchtet meine Liebe” and “Mein Wagen rollet langsam,” using both his depth of tone and an agile approach to dynamics to animate all three.
The Pro-Age line drew widespread attention for ads of nude grandmothers, tastefully photographed by Annie Leibovitz.
“I’m upset with the fact of how we found out about Barry Bonds’s positive test a few months ago and now Jason’s,” Damon said.
Before dinner, the participants are invited to the galley for champagne and hors d’oeuvres.
The biggest drawback is that you’re limited to flights within the network.
And the salmon seemed to taunt us by occasionally leaping from the water before disappearing with a splash.
Now he has founded his own company, BAD BOYS OF DANCE , an all-male ensemble which makes its debut at the Jacob’s Pillow Dance Festival on Thursday.
But ChthoniC (pronounced THON-ik) is also timing its New York concerts to coincide with the opening today of the 62nd session of the United Nations General Assembly.
The increased revenue he’s brought in recent years and the record attendance under his watch will be a positive.
But Bochy still called it “a bad day for baseball” and “a sad day for all of us.” Bochy is getting used to these days.
Down was in his third season as hitting coach.
truther n. Someone who espouses a conspiracy theory about the events of 9/11.
Benny Carter spread his aesthetic throughout jazz from the 1920s to the 1960s, and he did it in a number of ways.
As the hearing began, Ms. Brown told Judge Jackson that the last two weeks in jail had not been easy.
But against the Jets this Sunday, he would be the first drafted quarterback from the 2007 class to make a start.
It’s certainly true that an attorney general who promises a percentage of a recovery to a law firm is giving away state money, but the problem cuts even more deeply into the fabric of our system of government.
This gives the co-op board much more power over the transfer of shares to a new buyer.
But the Democratic Leadership Council’s fading influence is also good news for the entire party.
In the cellphone world, win-win plays like that are extremely rare.
A memorial service will be held at a later date.
(I would never learn German well enough to read Grass — even today, when he writes to me in German, I write him back in English — but it was as a student in Vienna that I began to see myself as a writer of novels.)
Dr. John K. Min, an internist at the Kernodle Clinic in Burlington, N.C., said he had always been circumspect when he talked to patients.
REYES, Daniel F., 24, Specialist, Army; San Diego; 25th Infantry Division.
“A hat will change your whole look.
The plane bombed a factory and strafed an airfield, and then the pilot, Capt.
Still, Mr. Johnson said, the fire is “a very sad thing.”
“Who knows what other damage this vehicle could have done to person or property?” Officer Lora fired five times, striking Mr. Arzu once.
The current federal poverty threshold was developed in the 1960s by Mollie Orshansky, an economist with the Social Security Administration, who based her number on a 1955 Department of Agriculture study that said low-income Americans spent about a third of their after-tax money on food.
His mother retired as the principal of Temple Beth Tikvah Religious School in Wayne.
The old building has been locked and empty since, and probably will be for months to come, with early hopes of establishing a new school there long faded.
The DVD of Mr. Boyle’s film has two alternate endings, one slightly more comforting than the other.
He said that the United States went to war with far too few forces and was wrong to dismantle Saddam Hussein’s military and government, and he conceded that if more information had been available about Iraq’s weapons, Congress never would have approved the war.
The Times of London in 1999 called her the “queen bee among bee experts.” Ethel Eva Widdowson was born in London on June 12, 1912.
Commander Velvel was also sworn in by telephone as a witness Tuesday morning, but refused to answer questions, citing his privilege as staff lawyer to Lt. Gen. Frank H. Kearney, commander of Special Operations forces in Afghanistan at the time, to keep his legal advice secret.
That would be the meter attached to Mr. Thompson’s house, painted sunshine yellow with a large solar panel out front next to the bedraggled remains of giant sunflowers — “organic solar trackers,” he calls them.
Yordanis Jusino, 23, took a plumbing class while she was serving a prison sentence for attempted murder and is now enrolled in night classes held by Nontraditional Employment for Women.
Music and art festivals occupy river-cut parks and lush town squares, the Durham Bulls are running around the baseball diamond, hikers and cyclists fill the miles of greenway trails, and water skiers and paddle-boaters cleave the area's many lakes.
And because baseball executives feared losing arbitration judgments, they put in numbers — or negotiated deals to avoid arbitration — that were higher than they thought the market called for.
Her mother is a professor of psychology and education at Columbia Teachers College and the author of “Education for Thinking” (Harvard University Press, 2005).
The 35-year-old ethnic conflict has claimed more than 60,000 lives.
Life is peaceful in the playgrounds, backyards and cafes of Sunnyside, though as of late there has been public feuding over whether the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission should designate the Gardens section a historic district.
The two discrete but interconnected spaces have the virtue of being more intimate than the former space, although they are as conducive to entertaining as they are to solitude.
GRIFFEY DONE FOR SEASON Ken Griffey Jr. will miss the rest of the season because of a strained groin, the latest in a string of injuries to Cincinnati’s All-Star outfielder.
At the time, Mrs. Katsichtis said, she spoke no English.
The cause was a heart attack, said representatives of his organization, the Sri Chinmoy Center.
Mr. Braff said that while the paper had adhered to the online policy, the policy prevented the paper from reporting breaking news.
A little Chinese girl of about 6 stood looking up at us.
One reason we haven't embraced it is that there are few places to try it.
MaHaLo Hawaii Deep Sea: ''Ooooh, girl -- this water tastes like a swimming pool.''
The Family Foundation Collectors What they’re buying: Large-scale art from emerging markets.
JEANNETTE CATSOULIS NINA'S HEAVENLY DELIGHTS Opens today in Manhattan Directed by Pratibha Parmar 1 hour 34 minutes A cloying blend of Bollywood sentiment and ''Am?e'' whimsy, ''Nina's Heavenly Delights'' is a lesbian-foodie fairy tale that keeps its appetites well under control.
He loved God, his family and his country.
The petition, known as a writ of habeas corpus, claims that Mr. Skakel is being held unlawfully.
Hirsch, a professor of film at Brooklyn College, has done admirable research.
Instead, Nissenson paints a low-resolution portrait, unintegrated and pixelated, a scramble on a scrim.
WINDCATCHER: New and Selected Poems, 1964-2006 , by Breyten Breytenbach.
He seems determined to stay on his beat.
“Paul has been instrumental in our development because he thinks of all the different product lines, from the most classic to the most contemporary.” With all this love, will Helbers remain a behind-the-scenes insider, or will he someday share the spotlight with that other guy at the end of the show?
And that may well be the extent of this group’s connections.
Illinois cornerback Vontae Davis gave himself a concussion with a hit on Ohio State tailback Maurice Wells that included helmet-to-helmet contact.
The $50 million will come in two $25 million installments as the episodes are released, starting in March 2008.
A handwriting expert hired by the company to examine the Oswald letter concluded that the tight script was Oswald’s.
In explaining the merger, the companies said they needed to combine forces to compete against larger operations like Wal-Mart and Kroger that are offering more and more organic and natural products.
Mr. Leterme, who is viewed with suspicion in Wallonia but remains popular in Flanders, is a likely contender to become the next prime minister.
But aside from the occasional nod to the Bible or a movie (the Bulgarian narrator of “Pen Pal” refers to the Disney hit “Small Mermaid”), the stories tend toward the universal.
This was not just a matter of simple pride.
The victim in this crime, who has been all but forgotten amid the focus on the defendants, was a young man named Justin Barker, who was not involved in the nooses incident three months earlier.
They added another power-play goal in the third, by center Chris Drury, but by then the die had long been cast by the Rangers’ overpowering defense.
On Jonathan Sturges: “Their long visit in Torquay marked a new intimacy in their relations, ... an intimacy that presaged regular visits and long stays in James’s house.” On Arthur Benson: “It was the first of many overnight visits and marked a new stage of intimacy in their relations.” On Hendrik Andersen: “Visit would follow visit, and Andersen would be a most intimate friend.” One problem with this approach is that it evades the actual content of the letters that James wrote to his putative lovers; many of these letters appear, on close scrutiny, far more ambiguous than Novick suggests.
DETAILS In Colorado ’s Vail Valley about 100 miles west of Denver, this condominium-hotel on 19 acres fronts the Eagle River at the base of Beaver Creek Mountain.
The officials, like some others who agreed to discuss the subject, spoke on the condition of anonymity because they did not want to worsen an already touchy diplomatic situation.
Edgar Bronfman Jr., the chairman of Warner Music Group, reinforced that idea at a recent investor conference, saying “we believe that not every song, not every artist, not every album, is created equal.” In the backdrop of the pricing dispute is an investigation by European regulators who are studying the roles of the music companies and Apple in setting prices in certain international markets.
The first car to come off the line under BMW was the 2003 Phantom Sedan (the first new Phantom in 40 years), a two-door four-seater priced at $345,000 with gargantuan dimensions: 19 feet long, well over five feet tall and weighing around three tons.
He said that Dolan was advised to fire her but instead “saved her,” albeit temporarily, by suggesting that she receive extra training .
Russ Haven, the legislative counsel for the New York Public Interest Research Group, said that yesterday’s opinion improved on the previous requirements, which he likened to a "porous Swiss cheese policy."
A hotel would be a lot easier.” Chantry House, designed as a rectory with some Gothic touches in the 1850s, was built of the warm, tawny stone that is characteristic of homes in the Cotswolds.
Although the ending will reveal a more integral, punch-line kind of connection, most of the novel uses Susan’s reporting as the intersection — beyond Archie’s traumatic memories of being tortured — between Gretchen’s halted career as a serial killer and the new series of brutal murders that has put an end to the leave of absence Archie took in the wake of Gretchen’s savagery.
That the two actors succeed so well is especially impressive because, under Brian Roff’s direction, neither ever changes position: Mr. Fishel is rooted to a chair and Mr. Davis to a bed.
The European Union, Canada and California, for example, are restricting the use of some chemicals before the science on their hazards is absolutely clear; the federal government is not.
“I’m still in awe,” he said.
The biggest thing the Monster Man had reeled in all morning was an egg sandwich from his cooler and a couple of landlubbers to listen to his shark-hunting stories.
And what exactly is classic?
The commission also left the door open for other advertisements if it determined that their main focus was a public policy issue or a commercial transaction.
In the late 19th century they took the form of wealthy young men who bought their way onto a journey.
The results persuaded both directors to push forward with the trilogy.
They were standing in the space between Mike and Laura.
Several lawmakers have said that their motivation in supporting mandatory H.P.V.
Donations may be made to the American Parkinson's Disease Association, to BUNWC, or to Temple Emmanuel in Yonkers.
Prince, a deliberate, thoughtful man by nature, refrained from quick action and commissioned a report instead.
If Mr. Raabe lacked the dancer’s swing of Astaire’s singing, he brought a slippery legato wistfulness to the song that made you hear it freshly.
Almost eight years after the custody battle over Elián González took center stage here, a similar situation involving another Cuban child is playing out in a local courtroom.
It’s almost as if he is playing peekaboo with his adult audience, turning jaded viewers into temporary innocents, and doing so with the kindly detachment of an especially amusing uncle.
It’s trying to push Musharraf.” If the United States had to intervene militarily to eliminate training camps, he said, then it should get the regime’s permission to do it first.
When food was scarce and expensive, they say, only the rich could afford to be fat .
travel outside the Green Zone too much?
It was during the final minutes of the opening night on Feb. 14, 2002, that an extra playing a French soldier lost his footing and fell into the orchestra pit, halting the performance for several minutes.
BLACKHAWKS 5, AVALANCHE 3 Tuomo Ruutu tipped in Magnus Johansson’s shot from the point with 1 minute 25 seconds left in the third period to break a tie, and host Chicago rebounded after giving up a three-goal lead.
“He has football skills, but no humor, entertainment, anything like that,” Vilma said.
OpenCourseWare Web site demands a lot from its visitors.
The foundation that runs Wikipedia has finally agreed to pay contributors to the online encyclopedia a modest fee for their work.
The small dessert menus are charming in their individual picture frames, and sweets are fairly traditional and quite good.
Existing leases with private hunting clubs that cover 130,000 acres of the 161,000 in the tract are another big issue.
They have 150 observation missions under their belt.
I am one with the external mind.
Yet a half-hour more of the talk box would have been just as good.
Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the majority leader, planned to respond further to the Rose Garden remarks in an afternoon news conference.
The final song was “Disco 2000,” recorded by Pulp.
Instead of thinking about anaplastic large cell lymphoma or chemotherapy treatments, he was able to focus on retiring major league batters.
Hawaiian Surfing Adventures of Hanalei, Hawaii, offers lessons on the Hanalei River, which runs into the ocean near a terrific longboard surfing area.
In one episode, Ashley attends a party and is horrified that her bright yellow dress is the only color in a sea of black, but the dress helps get her noticed by Eric, who plays the early foil to Ashley’s other suitor, Will.
The city, however, was more accommodating when doubt was cast on one of its programs with Miracle Makers: the workshops sought by the 16-year-old girl who wanted to be ready to live on her own.
A cup of coffee with Kim Jong-il could turn sour, but North Korean tunes might help enliven the situation.
“No matter how edited it is, there will still be an aspect of it that seems violent.” It is difficult to quantify the change in programming offered by the carriers, but there is heavy anecdotal evidence that airlines, which buy the movies of their choice from Hollywood, are breaking old barriers as they seek to improve on their shrinking list of amenities.
After returning to New York in 2003, they paid $1,600 for a two-bedroom at York Avenue and 70th Street, the “best subsidized rental housing on the planet,” she said.
My first stop was Ontario, where Jackson and Crocker had picked up tires and other supplies from the short-line railroad depot.
Mr. Lantos and human rights advocates contend that surveillance in China poses different issues from surveillance in the West because China is a one-party state where government officials can exercise power with few legal restraints.
Robert Stec, a broker with Ideal Locations in Chicago as well as Paz Pacific Realty in La Paz, Mexico, says the biggest mistake people make is that they write checks payable to developers of projects that are not yet built.
“You’re doing fine,” Eze assured him.
Still, it didn’t sell for two and a half months, and the owner decided to take it off the market in early October.
My visit to the area coincided with Red Flag, the name Mr. Arnu gave a period in mid-February when military exercises out of nearby Nellis Air Force Base send a proliferation of jets into the air.
“The tweed industry has contracted considerably in the last 50 years, sadly, so it’s exciting to see this increase now, especially from so many companies on the fashion side,” said Dougal Munro, the United States president of Holland & Sherry, the British company known for high-end tweed fabric.
THE BOTTOM LINE Dinner at L'Arnsbourg is pricey: 105 euros for the menu saveur, which includes seven courses and countless amuse-bouches.
Leavenworth County, she boasted, had more prisons than any other county in America.
The students killed on Monday will be posthumously awarded the degrees they were pursuing, he added.
Well, a Santa Fe dive — instead of shots, we sipped smooth añejo ($19 with tip) until Mom announced she was tired.
The terminal opening in 2008 is being built solely for domestic flights on single-aisle jets and it has no customs office.
In fact, it was a great day.
Marriott sells its Revive Spa Collection at shopmarriott.com , while various Westin playlists are available for download at westinmusic.com .
Smith tracks down one “automatic writer,” a poet named Sarah Arvio, but she denies that the “voices” she speaks of are auditory hallucinations.
No need to be perfect; every so often press the zucchini down to level it.
He is an accomplished hula dancer, known as a kuma hula, as well as designer.
With the growth of album sales in the sixties.
(Another wrinkle he didn’t bring up: While the producers of “Frankenstein” were accused of hubris when they moved the show to the Hilton, Disney quietly tried to negotiate a Hilton berth for both “Mary Poppins” and “Mermaid.”) As for the “Producers” legacy and all the attention it brings, Mr. Sillerman said he wasn’t worried.
Let’s go!’ ” Their lunch, naturally, included a $2.75 bowl of onion rings.
The dance is set to a score by Stewart Wallace, the composer of the opera ''Harvey Milk,'' with poetry by Peter Gregutt.
And watch your head while you duck through some archways and doors because they are four-fifths of normal scale.
By returning us to the trauma that produced our national myth, the 9/11 attacks present the opportunity to look past the era of buckskin bravado and unlock the cabinet wherein lies America’s deepest formative fear, the fear of home-soil terrorism.
The mats are at Beach 116th Street in the Rockaways in Queens, on Orchard Beach in the Bronx, on Midland Beach in Staten Island and on Brighton Beach until Labor Day, a Parks Department spokeswoman said.
Margaret Rose Schramm and Dawson Horn III were married yesterday at the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church in New York.
Smart!” This is the mission statement for Elle, Ms. Myers said, intended to encapsulate both its visual and editorial tone in the redesign, which is most dramatic in the injection into the 592-page issue of arresting work by young photographers like Tom Munro, Matthias Vriens, Doug Inglish and Todd Cole.
Touch greatness: Or at least gather some autographs.
“We really feel our musical style is something God gave us to use to enhance our worship,” Mr.
But the meeting’s subtext was not lost on some Japanese newspapers, which warned that it would hardly help repair Japan’s poor image among its neighbors.
“I don’t know why you’re so nasty to me,” she tells Anna.
The more fully in the round Mr. Stella works, the weaker his art.
Left-handed relievers are tough to come by, and with Schoeneweis still signed for two more years, it is quite possible he will stay with the Mets.
His backers even tried to persuade Republicans to switch parties temporarily so they could vote against Ms. Weinberg in the primary.
Although baseball’s current policy calls for a 50-game suspension for a first offense, Giambi’s statement to USA Today referred to a time before baseball had a steroid policy.
But the church is not now a church of changes.”
Meanwhile, Ronald Feiner, a lawyer, has recently set up the “2006 Aguirre Trust” with a $140,000 anonymous donation to take care of the boys’ future care, which will include surgery to firm up their skulls and years of therapy.
Ms. DeSarno said Mr. Thompson gave her regular updates by phone and that she met him on at least two occasions in person.
“All these women would have been spared,” Captain Nigrelli said.
Tracey L. Rogers, director of the Australian Marine Mammal Research Center in Sydney, said Crittercam was a powerful tool in her work with predatory leopard seals in Antarctica.
Peavy seemed loose in the clubhouse before batting practice, strumming a bat like an air guitar to Kenny Chesney's "No Shirt, No Shoes, No Problem."
(Seven minutes isn’t long, but surely there’s some opportunity for rigor.)
While the egoists of yore could command their portraitists to leave out the messier details of their lives, the wealthy subjects of this self-portrait may find the piece becoming an unexpected socio-economic commentary.
Dr. Stunkard ended up with 540 adults whose average age was 40.
The Leela Goa, in Salcette, about 45 minutes' driving distance from Dabolim Airport, Goa (91-832-287-1234; www.ghmhotels.com ).
But it’s difficult to lure potential spenders to places where you have to imagine invisible presences and bygone days to feel you are somewhere of interest.
The menus, one for breakfast (until 5 p.m.) and another for lunch and dinner, from noon on, are less “progressive” than the one at the flagship (where I recently supped on tagliatelle painstakingly combed into a cresting wave and garnished artistically with some sea-scented foam and clams).
With help from their broker, Rhoda Nadell of Prudential Douglas Elliman, they narrowed their list even further.
Lacking money for the normal accoutrements of pet care, some people improvise.
13, nobody could reach him.
For an individual with annual income from $102,000 to $153,000, the premium will be $160.90 a month.
The relative quiet of a secluded Vermont back road had given way to the profound quiet of the forest.
After his sons’ birth, Mr. Garcia became chief financial officer of Ecovation, a wastewater treatment company in Victor, N.Y.
(Mr. Ernst’s hiking guide is also very good.)
Burns, the United States’ representative to the World Anti-Doping Agency, said some leagues gave their players advance notice when it came to drug tests, giving those players time to rid their system of any substance that may produce a positive test.
Among the republic’s political and economic achievements were an eight-hour day, unemployment insurance and firm constitutional guarantees of liberty.
While the original TT was a dynamic disappointment, Audi has learned its lesson and made nice with the new car.
An informal memorial service for family and friends will be held at Hillcrest Country Club Thursday, December 13, at 4pm.
Nor did they hit their flavor notes as emphatically.
“If he had accepted that he’s wounded and he’s blinded, you know?
Bonds also declined to speak about Hensley’s past.
Analysts have noted that the benefits of the merger have been meager.
Bonds has 762 home runs and 2,935 hits.
Michael Cordero entered a cramped, antiseptic room inside Bellevue Hospital Center yesterday afternoon and sat down in a blue plastic chair.
By then, Pakistan’s economy had begun to boom.
And as silly as it sounds, it feels good; the classes positively affect people’s lives.
“Funding is not an issue for us,” he said.
The Bari airport that I flew into this time around was new and much bigger than the old one, reflecting the heavy traffic of budget carriers and sun worshipers from England and Germany.
Since the messages are recorded in a central office, they are clear and understandable, played both on the trams and at the stations, and repeated at short intervals so that new passengers are informed.
Carol and Don were the tall ones.
He did not want to stare too long.
Although the Talese children have long been on their own, they say they still love visiting the Ocean City house.
In lieu of flowers, please send contributions to the Sea Bright Library, 1097 Ocean Ave., Sea Bright, NJ 07760.
To the Editor: ''Spending a Day at the Rockefellers' '' (Feb. 23) notes that ''much of the land still in Rockefeller hands is posted with private-property signs.
scrutiny to the two other members of the state’s Congressional delegation and resulted in a raid this week on the home of Senator Ted Stevens.
An outstanding member of the Palm Beach community, Nettie served on many local committees and was honored by several charitable organizations.
They raised five children together in Sun Valley.
Photo: After next spring training, the Dodgers will be leaving Dodgertown in Vero Beach, Fla., their spring home for nearly 60 years.
Portrait mode, with its deliberately shallow depth of field, is not a good choice for groups whose members are at different distances from the lens; Landscape Portrait, or even Landscape, would do better in that situation.
In Mass Effect, however, most of the story is shaped through conversations between the player’s character and other denizens of the game’s galaxy.
At the outset, the sole investor will be Calpers, the California Public Employees’ Retirement System, the largest public pension fund in the United States with assets of $240 billion.
Anything to gain an edge.
At Kendall Speech and Language Center in Florida, an evaluation at 12 months concluded that he had pervasive developmental disorders, another term for autism spectrum disorders.
Once the group accepts a bid, HotelPlanner.com creates a customized Web site for the group that allows individuals to book rooms.
The N.B.A.’s health, however, will be sustained by the quality of the games.
Through translators he described some of his companies’ assets, which include at least 49 pornography sites, a pornographic film production company, nine restaurants in Japan and private planes, Mr. Becker said.
in kickoff-return touchdowns since 2001 with nine.
A vote is expected in the coming months.
There are, among Democrats, dueling interpretations of what Clintonism means and how it came into being.
And they did this, not by speaking the apologetic language of toleration and progress, but by rewriting the language of Christian political theology and demanding that Christians be faithful to it.
KANSAS 87, N. ARIZONA 46 Darrell Arthur had 17 points and fourth-ranked Kansas overwhelmed visiting Northern Arizona in the first half for its 600th victory in the 52-year history of Allen Fieldhouse.
The Sony can even handle video from Sony high-definition camcorders, although it doesn’t burn high-def DVDs — just wide-screen, standard ones.
She did not go to college.
“She inspired me to just go and take those things out of the box and make them into sleeping bags,” Mr. Middleton said.
The producer price numbers were in line with the big-picture trend of inflation in recent months and suggested that while price increases on the whole are getting more modest, they are still prone to bouncing around unpredictably.
Alternatively, of course, we could devalue the currency on the campaign finance side.
On weekends, the queue can extend more than 300 feet.
Mr. Hiltachk had led the movement, for a ballot initiative that would allocate the state’s 55 electoral votes by Congressional district rather than the winner-take-all system now in place.
He said that at Ballet Tech, which each year selects 100 students (about half male) from 30,000 who audition at their local schools, he had noticed little reluctance on the part of auditioning boys.
Orwell's '1984' is already here.''
Each time Israel responds militarily, it should also broadcast and leaflet a statement that explains that peace would be met by peace; that if the rockets and other attacks stop, so would Israeli incursions; and that Gazans have been misled by their leaders to think that they would benefit by demonizing Israel.
The diplomat, Lt. Col. Thomas Mooney, had served as military attaché at the United States Embassy in Nicosia.
(Nebraska, the 38th state with a death penalty, uses the electric chair.)
Craftsteak continues to roast them — Mr. Colicchio believes it prevents dryness — but before they go into the oven they spend time on top of it in their copper pans, on high heat, which is accomplishing what the griddle didn’t.
Amid the show’s sea of clever industry caricatures were two real characters: the producers themselves, Max Bialystock and Leo Bloom, embodied as an exhilarating double act by Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick.
Women NORTH CAROLINA 99, GEORGIA ST. 64 Rashanda McCants scored 18 points to lead six players in double figures as No.
Damaged bricks have been replaced, and on Friday, a worker stood on a window ledge, washing windows.
“He’s playing the right kind of tennis,” Connors said of Roddick, “and if he continues to play the way he is playing — serve it up.” Last year, when Roddick and Federer met in the Open final, Federer won the first set, but Roddick came back to take the second, with the crowd cheering wildly for him.
With or without prasugrel, Lilly’s near-term drug pipeline is relatively weak, although the company recently reported positive trial results from a long-acting version of Byetta, its injectable diabetes treatment.
It would be a long-term project.
The boy’s parents are helpless witnesses to this tragedy, an unforeseen consequence of the family’s exploration of an abandoned house in the New Hampshire woods.
Aspelin had been playing with different partners from tournament to tournament.
“I was watching these soldiers wheeling into this room, or in some cases having to be wheeled in by their wives or mothers,” he recalled.
Making matters more difficult, some Senate Democrats are quietly opposed to proposals for raising taxes on private equity funds, whose executives have become important Democratic donors.
In states that have adopted California’s air-quality regulations — including New York and most of New England — the V-6 with automatic transmission gets an extra-clean PZEV rating (for partial zero emission vehicle).
Some former queens take up Pamina, with its more mellifluous and sustained singing, as their voices ripen.
It's one of the most important Hindu pilgrimage sites in India.
Her father is an executive director of Print International in Freeport, N.Y., where he oversees billboards, banner ads and other large format projects.
Significantly, as part of the agreement, Mr. Anderson will not be required to give up his role as a director of several public companies, the person close to the negotiations said.
Jim Gilmore of Virginia, Representative Duncan Hunter of California, Representative Ron Paul of Texas and former Gov.
Americans pay more for health care because those without coverage are often forced to put off care until their condition reaches crisis levels, requiring intensive, expensive care that society shoulders.
He did not respond to a question about what might happen to the other projects they had planned.
I deserve more dignity that that.” A Neighbor in Need Mr. Pyle’s life began unraveling in 1999.
Yesterday, Worldwide Pants issued a statement said that shows scheduled for next week have been canceled and a decision has been made about how to continue to pay the nonwriting staff.
He took three weeks off before playing Montreal, only to lose to Novak Djokovic in the semifinals.
Hofstra University has created an administrative job, director of emergency management, to oversee its proposed $750,000 emergency communications system that will include e-mail and cellphone alerts as well as remote building lockdowns.
What to Do Admission to the New York Botanical Garden, along the eastern edge of the neighborhood, is $5 for adult Bronx residents and $1 for children, but entry is free on Wednesdays and Saturdays from 10 a.m. to noon.
He is on track to earn about $50,000 for the year, he said.
HONG KONG, Friday, April 27 (Reuters) — Shares in the China Citic Bank rose 21 percent in their Hong Kong debut and surged more than 59 percent in Shanghai on Friday during its $5.4 billion offering, the world’s largest this year.
“He’s sorry that we caught him,” said Capt.
After the 20-to-30-foot surge of water that swept ashore, surveyors were sent out to determine the high-water mark at various locations.
By now, prices had dropped slightly — “enough to make us comfortable,” he said — so they paid a return visit.
After the intermission came unalloyed Liszt: the three “Sonetti del Petrarca” from “Années de Pèlerinage: Deuxieme Année, Italie” and the same collection’s coda, “Venezia e Napoli.” One could imagine renditions that smiled a bit more freely.
The patriarch has just died, and his wife (Lynn Cohen) is old and not coping well with the loss or with the changes in her role as caregiver.
Although predominantly a defensive player, Woodson was also a receiver and punt returner for the Wolverines.
John Cook won his first Champions Tour title in his second start on the circuit, closing with a six-under 65 for a two-stroke victory over Mark O’Meara in the AT&T Championship in San Antonio.
In a written response incorporated in the report, the authority said it was making numerous changes, including doubling the number of workers assigned to remove debris from the tracks that can cause drains to clog.
You have to let Barry carry the moment.” When Bonds hit his 500th home run, in 2001, the Giants believed it was his defining accomplishment.
In the last three years, 14 other employees of the community center have married or moved in together.
Later he withdrew the discount.
For me, it’s quite simple.
Biologists had estimated that two individuals would be identical in 99.9 percent of their DNA, but the true figure now emerges as much less, around 99.5 percent, Dr. Scherer said.
“We’re accustomed to these activities and these accidents — we’ll rebuild,” said Laine Adair, the general manager of a subsidiary of the Murray Energy Corporation, a co-owner of the Crandall Canyon Mine.
Kevin Yorn, then an assistant district attorney, remembers Mr. Morris sketching a model for a new kind of firm on a cocktail napkin.
It measures just under 18 inches long by 4 and a half inches tall and has a triangular reservoir that is 6 and three-quarters inches deep.
Electronic Data Systems, the technology-outsourcing company, said Wednesday that it had offered extra retirement benefits to about 12,000 employees in the United States if they would retire early.
They exercised it on a tremendous scale.
Several mentioned the thrill of having parties without bothering anyone.
“He is this amazing blend of artist and engineer and that reminds me of Seymour,” said Larry Smarr, an astrophysicist and supercomputer user, who was an early customer of Sun Microsystems’ computers as director of the National Center for Supercomputing Applications during the 1980s.
Although most executives acknowledge the need for mergers to reduce costs, the reality of doing so gives them pause.
Michael Vick , the Atlanta Falcons quarterback, is expected to plead guilty today to federal dog-fighting charges and face up to five years in prison, but the Humane Society of the United States has a bigger target: Amazon.com .
The problem has prompted a spooky, but elegant, business idea: why not use the Web to create marketplaces of willing human beings who will perform the tasks that computers cannot?
Indeed, to hear many studio executives talk, the movie business is closer to the edge of a cliff than ever.
I’m part of this area.
“It brought our families together,” Mr. Bloch said.
And it will make it harder to persuade and pressure China to become a more responsible exporter and a more responsible international player.
“To lose someone who was arguably among the most important personalities in morning television and not skip a beat is an accomplishment,” said Jim Bell, the executive producer of “Today.” “And that says a lot about Meredith.” In a reminder that network morning television is hardly easy, one of Mr. Bell’s predecessors, Steve Friedman, a former producer of “Today,” was relieved yesterday of his responsibility as a vice president overseeing the perenially third-place “Early Show” on CBS.
Their imprisonment and exoneration, followed by the landmark court decision that prevented their extradition to the United States, opened the way to future black émigrés, for whom Canada was now truly “Glory Land.” Thornton and his wife settled in Toronto, where they lived respectably and became active in the antislavery cause.
And adoring fans, predominantly women in their 30s and 40s and 50s toting digital cameras and cellphones, swarmed into Feinstein’s at the Regency on Tuesday evening to see the Ken doll of their misty, watercolor memories, Donny Osmond, up close and impersonal.
The company spent $5 billion in 2005 to buy a controlling stake in Sampoerna of Indonesia, a large maker of clove cigarettes.
CHECK your e-mail, and chances are it holds several get-rich-quick offers to buy a hot stock in a tiny, unknown company.
The trail winds through two miles of forests and chaparral to Table Rock, a massive overlook with a condor's-eye view of the upper valley from 2,465 feet.
In the meantime, it is hoped that what amount to bank guarantees of some debt — coupled with the fact the Federal Reserve is the lender of last resort for banks — will persuade investors like money market funds to buy securities issued by the new conduit.
“Children are the future of a nation,” he added.
Joba Chamberlain showed off his 100 mile-an-hour fastball, striking out the side Wednesday.
He’s pedigreed (Harvard Law School), well connected (The New Yorker, CNN) and visible, the kind of person immured justices like to say they know.
He enrolled as a Democrat, according to people with knowledge of his discussions with the party, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because a run is not certain.
Christiane Lang, a Presbyterian minister, performed the ceremony at All Souls Church in New York.
“You’re kidding me,” Mr. Miranda said, a smile spreading across his face.
Running time: 2 hours 20 minutes.
They are doing something to save themselves.” Implementing this program in 2008 is one of the boldest moves yet by the cycling union to eradicate doping from the sport.
Some other cardiologists are less willing to wait for Merck and Schering to finish their analysis.
Walls are built to bound things, forcibly separate them, in this case this pathway from that patch of grass on the U.C.L.A.
It wasn’t so uncommon in recent years to find Condrieus that were overwhelmingly oaky to the point of clumsiness, but as is usually the case, producers who use extreme techniques eventually find their way to a middle ground.
The Democratic debates had an average of 2.5 million viewers, while the average for the Republican debates was 2.1 million viewers.
Probably not, based on the way-out designs that turn up at soapbox races, though when it comes to rules, the mind-set is not quite “anything goes.” Red Bull’s events, for example, stipulate that vehicles measure less than 20 feet long, less than 6 feet wide, and no more than 7 feet tall.
He broke the Augusta Pines Golf Course record of 63 set by Jay Haas last year.
The rash of recalls has led Congress to consider legislation to increase the safety of products from China, which manufactures about 80 percent of toys sold in this country.
But when it comes to the Edict, he is as unbending as Kassin, if a little more diplomatic.
Making my way to a veranda overlooking the spot where the kitten was crying, I “bombed” it with a feather duvet off an absent colleague’s bed before it could scoot into an inaccessible recess in a garden wall.
Monitors beeped, instruments clattered and lights glared.
What is stranger is how uncannily that theme ended up foreshadowing the play’s fate, even if “Is He Dead?” is not a work on par with the immensely famous Millet paintings (“The Gleaners,” “The Angelus”) that Twain dared to incorporate in it.
Years ago, competitors identified prime Holiday Inn locations on Interstates, and often built their own properties at the same cloverleafs.
Content is stored on specialized server computers that can each hold up to 24 terabytes of data, enough storage capacity to hold up to 9,400 hours of non- HDTV digital video content.
Although overall crime has dropped in Newark this year, the city has been on a murder streak.
“I kind of groaned at the thought of going to New Jersey in the cold,” said Ms. Henderson, who had set up a tripod to photograph the blazing sunset.
Predicting the collapse of an entire investing style based on the performance of a single fund seems a stretch, and it is.
Of course, you can also stuff the Sansa with MP3 files you’ve ripped from your own CD collection, or with songs you’ve bought for $1 each from music stores like Yahoo or Rhapsody.com .
“It goes without saying: I support him,” Jeter said.
The final songs were by Omar Ihsas, who is from Darfur.
A book like “Flickipedia,” which includes movies from the silent era up to last year’s releases, could not have been written a few decades ago.
“You feel like you get a little back with that bonus.” While riders debated the possible off-peak pricing, transit advocates said that the overall increase is too steep.
And older Koreans found their own incomes rising, allowing them to save money for retirement rather than relying on their sons for support.
I myself have been trapped at dinner parties at which conversation was devoted exclusively to the topic of commuter routes.
Only one other county in New York, Tompkins in the Finger Lakes, has countywide assessment.
Like managers newly seated after a hostile takeover a quarter-century ago, today’s online innovators are not always skilled at telling the difference: “Your friendships are your own business?
There’s a whole audience out there.” The Westchester Chamber Orchestra, smaller than the philharmonic but as mighty in spirit, is just one of the Westchester ensembles competing for a share of that audience.
It doesn’t help matters when Scanlan consults the Internet and reproduces similarly bland sentiments from the fans.
It calls to mind the masochistic “fare wars” among airlines, which often cut prices on competitive routes, forcing others to follow.
Sony Pictures, a unit of the Sony Corporation, has hired the investment bank Houlihan Lokey Howard & Zukin to assess the value of the two divisions.
If it did have to finance the transaction, UBS probably would have to immediately record a loss, given its public arguments that the borrower would be unable to repay.
Those raids, which the Turkish authorities say have killed at least 42 people in the past month, have led the Turks to threaten an invasion into Iraq.
ASTROS 9, BREWERS 7 The Milwaukee bullpen coughed up a three-run lead in the eighth inning and allowed visiting Houston to prevail.
“To make hay out of an issue like this, the Republicans need to point out targets,” said David P. Rebovich, managing director of the Rider University Institute for New Jersey Politics.
Fatima Kafele East Flatbush, Brooklyn
Several small protests were broken up, including one involving two dozen people who scuffled with the police.
(In the current context, one conversation would almost certainly be about Iraq.)
Museum of Modern Art Roy and Niuta Titus Theaters, (212) 708-9400, moma.org; $10.
I’d ponder the possibilities, but I’m late for a picnic someone’s having in the Holland Tunnel.
The members of the Camel Club reunite to solve a murder at the Library of Congress.23KILLER DREAMS, by Iris Johansen.
The doll scenes are shot in a deadpan style, as if the expressionless toys were human actors appearing in their own feature.
Though at least seven deaths in Minnesota have been attributed to the storms, the Wednesday flooding did not appear to have caused any fatalities.
Anyone who sees the Colts’ game against the Patriots as a dream matchup is ignoring the downside.
Instead he tackles the themes of power and betrayal in old-fashioned declamatory language that lends itself to overacting.
Moments later, one worker was dragged under a train and died, and another was seriously injured when he was pinned between the train and a wall.
Strel swam into the port city of Belem, Brazil, to break his world record for the longest swim.
For example, Range Fuels, of Denver, plans to open a plant in Soperton, Ga., next year to make ethanol from pine tree waste.
After excluding those with insufficient information for a comparison, we were left with 48 batters and 23 pitchers.
But Laura's crowd certainly does.
Disaboom has sponsored a mentoring event for the group and is trying to sign up all of the association’s members; in turn, Mr. Imparato hopes that people who are not members of his group will learn about it through Disaboom and join.
Since 2000, Husnu M. Ozyegin has spent more than $50 million of his own money, building 36 primary schools and girls’ dormitories in the poorest parts of Turkey.
Kovachev decided that declarer’s void was in clubs, and that East was going to be out of luck in trying to win the second defensive trick in that suit.
The writings of diarists like Kaplan, committed to paper in conditions of terrible adversity, provide much of the human dimension of this remarkable book: they did not write in vain.
Yesterday the Museum of Fine Arts announced a significant gain in this area with the acquisition of the Adolpho Leirner Collection of Brazilian Constructive Art, which has lent two works to this show.
Services will be held on Thursday November 1st at Gutterman Musicant, 402 Park St., Hackensack, NJ at 1pm.
Marbury was not even the first guard off the bench — Nate Robinson got the call while Marbury bided his time in a seat next to the assistant Mark Aguirre.
He won her release by persuading the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit to strike down the federal system for selecting grand jurors throughout the South because it under-represented the black population.
Julie Lindsey Goran, the daughter of Deena G. Goran and Dr. David A. Goran of Richmond Heights, Mo., is to be married today to Douglas Matthew Burns, a son of Marcy Burns Schillay of New York and James S. Burns of South Freeport, Me.
The patients did not have the typical risk factors of exposure to infected blood through tainted syringes.
Then followed a summer or so of heavy-metal boys in black.
(American Airlines’ sale, for instance, ended on Oct.
On Tuesday, Mr. Kennedy chided the White House for making the reauthorization effort “far more difficult by its failure to fully fund and implement it.” Civil rights advocates said they used Tuesday’s meeting to press Mr. Bush to support substantial increases in federal spending on No Child Left Behind, saying the money was needed to help schools meet the law’s demands and to develop better, more sophisticated ways to measure student progress.
But in its news release, Monsanto said the deadline was too soon.
Trapped between two eras, Kate is both a prototypical 1950s woman, measuring her self-worth by the status of her male companions, and a protofeminist who freely indulges her carnal desires.
Vonage filed and lost an appeal, and the two sides have been negotiating a settlement ever since.
“Either he had an easy life or was carried around a lot,” Dr. Boxt said.
The C.D.O.’s that may be subject to a downgrade hold subprime mortgage loans worth $33 billion, and there are probably more to come.
Some researchers praise the outcome as a triumph of data over wishful thinking, but others say that the pendulum has swung too far, and that many patients who could be helped are missing out.
Are you gearing up to compete more directly against I.B.M.?
CIT Group is the sponsor of the rehearsal and also of the $15 tickets available throughout the spring season.
Then came “Australia,” which literally begins with some la-la-las before tumbling into one of Mr. Mercer’s typical drifts of wraparound verse.
The German automaker Volkswagen named Stefan Jacoby, left, as president and chief executive of Volkswagen of America, the company said.
They collectively invested $62.7 billion in technology start-ups in 2000, according to VentureOne, a financial research firm, compared with $14.3 billion last year and $3.1 billion in the first three months of 2007.
She is a daughter of Jean Winn Swan and Dr. Robert Morse Swan of Yarmouth, Me.
director about the accuracy of the statement he sent to agency employees after learning that The New York Times was preparing to publish an article about the tapes.
“Shikasta” is told largely from the perspective of Johor, a benevolent, near-divine emissary from the planet Canopus.
Jeffrey La Rochelle Santa Monica, Calif., Nov. 20, 2007
Yet signs of a breakthrough in the talks emerged Tuesday morning when the Christian Democrats and Liberals temporarily put aside their differences and agreed on a tough new approach to asylum policy and economic migration.
But the Bills have been resilient, perhaps inspired by the remarkable recovery of Kevin Everett.
Competing is a way for the veterans to adjust to life after the war and honor the memories of fellow soldiers who were killed.
The plan to send an envoy to Pakistan was described by administration officials who declined to elaborate further about the mission.
Service, Monday 11:30am at ''Riverside'' 76th and Amsterdam.
Then, at the end of the first year, they develop research projects and find a professor to accept them into their laboratory.
He was much beloved by his seven grandchildren and two great-grandchildren.
But now, under a deal with the existing label Concord Records, Starbucks will sign its own artists, with a first release anticipated before the end of the year.
“It’s work-force housing without any of the Bridgeport work force covered,” he said.
“Not at all gritty, chalky or sandy.” But Tuscan milk is so 2006.
Mr. Qaddafi noted that the project would produce tens of thousands of jobs and small industry in an impoverished region.
“Prime Minister Maliki is a good guy, a good man with a difficult job,” he said, “and I support him.” All this month, members of Congress have been visiting Iraq to make their own assessments of the troop buildup and Mr. Maliki.
After Ms. Oanh clears the floor of several black poles, the stage becomes a setting for vaguely episodic solos, duets and trios, beginning with Dam Thuy Ninh, whose swirling arms and legs guide her through space like a silky ribbon.
It was all because of the Hackepeter, and believe me, I learned my lesson.
FOR about 700 years until the mid-17th century, the Danes controlled Skane, a little fishtail-shaped peninsula that was once an important herring and produce market.
Most likely the Bush team will say the surge is a “partial” success and needs more time.
This year, more than 20 satellite art shows (up from 12 last year) are being planned to coincide with the main event at the Miami Beach Convention Center, from Dec. 6 to 9 ( www.artbasel.com ).
If she was conned to this extent by this president, I don’t want her negotiating on behalf of the United States with world leaders who are considerably more cunning and crafty than George W. Bush, Karl Rove and Dick Cheney.
“I’ve always worked seven days a week, but since the recalls I’ve never worked so many hours,” Ms. Weasner said.
In recent months, with the traffic for these sites growing into the tens of millions of visitors, the entrepreneurs behind them have started to refine their business models.
White bean soup scented with truffle and pancetta had a deeply earthy, wonderfully mysterious flavor, and the inventive, tamarind-sauced Thai-style duck confit — pulled off the bone, wrapped in crisp fried wonton and served with a mango ragout with a hint of sesame — was a joyous landslide of bright, competing tastes.
In the show he talks a lot about the importance of lyrics.
Atrocities are not shown, only recalled in the quiet voices of children who witnessed them, and in some cases committed them under duress.
Born in the Bronx in 1914, Mr. Roth was an honor student in mathematics at Stuyvesant High School, and he graduated from City College.
Fox finished ahead of ABC in third, as its repeat of “House” at 9 (6.6 million) compensated for its low-performing “On the Lot” at 8 (2.4 million).
The Zadroga bill is named for a New York City detective who died in 2006 after spending hundreds of hours at ground zero.
He was only using a metaphor to wonder if it was possible to build more than one logically consistent universe.
This time, though, there would be less room for disappointment.
And guests at the ball are served oranges laced with an amnesia-causing potion.
Nicolas Kenedi, the agency’s president, said in a telephone interview from Japan that he had sought out Mr. Sans, a well-known art curator in Paris, because of the attributes Ms. Ziegler said she was seeking.
This film is not rated.
The government, Marissa Behee believed, was giving up on her husband just five months after he took a sniper’s bullet to the head during his second tour of duty in Iraq .
Perennially excluded children may wind up in her office with stomachaches and tears.
Ms. Claman served mainly as an anchor for the CNBC morning programs “Morning Call” and “Cover to Cover.” She joined CNBC in 1998 and appeared on Fox Business for the first time yesterday, interviewing Warren Buffet.
“One of the reasons why parents buy Webkinz for their children is the expectation that the site will be free from advertising,” said Susan Linn, the campaign’s director.
Mr. Gupta estimates that just being seen with Mr. Clinton, and paying him to speak at company events, has yielded millions of dollars in new business.
Yet if there was fault to be found it was in the faultlessness of some of the day looks, a sense that Mr. Costa was quite consciously aiming for a visual statement and, in the process, didn’t see or refused to see that the hemlines of the dresses might have been better shorter.
For one thing, Mr. Corzine does not need to campaign too vigorously, because Democrats, who control both legislative chambers, have such a whopping financial advantage.
This investigator also received a negative re-evaluation of his job performance shortly after he complained in July 2005, the report said.
And convenience is what most companies strive for in dealing with customers.
As little children adorably peeked in the windows, reporters and Secret Service agents crammed around the Clintons at the counter; she ordered a raspberry malt, and he had a strawberry one.
But, she added, that will not last.
VAN CORTLANDT MANOR 525 South Riverside Avenue, Croton-on-Hudson.
During WWII he served in the Navy on the staff of the Commander of the Air Force, Pacific Fleet, at Pearl Harbor.
Her father, Robert McCallum, also teaches at New York University.
I don’t trust any of them.” For good reason.
The work ethic was more pronounced among those who reported having no sex; 45 percent of men and 46 percent of women said they voluntarily took on more responsibilities.
“I asked the host who she was,” Mr. Schnee continued.
Mr. Wiedeking, who has a seat on Volkswagen’s board, speaks about the company’s strategy in a way that suggests he is — or expects to be — deeply involved in formulating it.
Employment in China is growing by only 1 percent a year.
Caption information is provided below.
Justice Ginsburg said that “this tacit acceptance” of the amendment by Congress “undermines the government’s position” that judges should not have discretion to depart from the guidelines themselves.
The police officers, including some who had beaten unarmed civilians, halted in the cathedral’s shadow.
care for at least a few months,” he said.
Six were handed over to the immigration authorities when it became apparent that they might be in the United States illegally.
Sheed lopes along through decades of pop, bowing to Berlin (whose lyrics seem ''not so much brilliant as inevitable'') and upholding some neglected masters (Richard Whiting and Harry Warren), throwing some cold water (Richard Rodgers had a ''fatal taste for comfort music''), naming classics -- Kern's ''Smoke Gets in Your Eyes'' and of course ''Stardust'' and ''Here's That Rainy Day'' and Ellington's ''Prelude to a Kiss'' (''I would instantly vote this the most beautiful song ever written, except for this one problem of the words ... grandiose piffle'').
Chappaqua Library, 195 South Greeley Avenue.
Well, you will never know.
“In Afghan culture, everything is about fighting.” He added: “It was a very educational experience.”
“Basically, everything about it works.
Ms. Kulikova’s father turned the agent down at first, asserting that his daughter was cut out for better things than playing glorified clothes dummy.
Fabrics made from bamboo or hemp, for example, are promoted as having been raised without pesticides and also for growing much faster than cotton.
“I’m going to write about this experience, so I’m a little hesitant to talk about it,” Mr. Penn said, dressed in a T-shirt and wearing dark aviator sunglasses.
Westchester, the Bronx and Dutchess County “Quisqueya Henríquez: The World Outside — A Survey Exhibition 1991-2007,” the Bronx Museum of the Arts This major exhibition surveys the career of Quisqueya Henríquez, a Cuban-born artist now based in the Dominican Republic.
Head inside and pile on the beans, slaw and other extras.
But we have very little investment in whether they’re faithful to their wives, or even whether they’re tortured by demons of sexual confusion.
Peterson Is Productive The Vikings have 2,924 total offensive yards.
Gorbachev, tear down this wall.” The wall was always more than concrete.
Peter Dolara, an American Airlines senior vice president, re the airline’s insensitive pilot training guide for Latin America, 1997.
(It’s also one that will stain your tablecloth.)
And I’m not just talking about their continuing enthusiasm for the Iraq war.
He said he was staying in one of the few oceanfront hotels that provide air-conditioning: “That’s the reason I like that place.” As he and his friends talked and joked in a shopping mall elevator recently, a longtime San Diegan turned and asked, “You’re from Arizona, aren’t you?” “We still don’t know how she knew,” said Mr. Phelps, who, for the record, was wearing a dark print shirt tucked into khaki shorts that, well, did not quite completely blend in with the T-shirts-and-jammers crowd.
On Tuesday, the People’s Solidarity for Participatory Democracy, a civic group based in Seoul, issued a statement accusing Washington of watching the hostage crisis “as if it were a fire across the river.” “As everyone knows, the Taliban’s demand is something the U.S. government can help resolve, not the Afghan or South Korean government,” the statement said.
But the visual environment is generally flat and predictable, and the lighting — by Tamango, Mr. de Boysson and Burke J. Wilmore — is dark, even murky.
Penrose later published another book, “Lee Miller’s War,” which shows her pictures of airstrikes, battles, a top-secret napalm strike.
“It was like, ‘Maybe we shouldn’t meet because I’m too scared we’ll lose this great new relationship,’” Ms. Nabatoff admitted.
He proposed transporting the entire Barnes collection, room by room, to the new site, leaving even the corridors and interior paneling intact.
Congress is working on legislation to expand the child health program, parts of which expire on Sept. 30.
“We have never had an opportunity to have an experience like this of ice skating,” she said.
“Our original name was Bertram,” he told me recently.
At the time of his fall, Brown was in first place, but on his final run he attempted a 720 — two full rotations — over the ramp’s 70-foot gap, a move no one had ever landed in Big Air competition.
Perhaps for this reason, Cadbury has not said whether Wispa will be restored for the long term.
But we also very much liked Voge’s ’03 Vieilles Vignes.
David Seymour, a vice president, said the airline even added another plane to the Charlotte-Newark rotation, without scheduling a flight, to double the time on the ground between some flights and reduce delays.
This tidbit and many others like it can be gleaned from “Islamic Science Rediscovered,” an intriguing new exhibition at the Liberty Science Center in Jersey City that explores the vast spectrum of accomplishments by Muslim scientists from A.D. 700 to 1700.
Mr. Rohan was also bidding on the Inverted Jenny on Wednesday on behalf of a Heritage client, but lost out to Mr. Hack.
In the movement’s lyricism, rhythm and three-dimensional qualities, these performers exemplify the dignity and substance that “Remembering ...” seeks to celebrate.
Elsewhere, bridge inspectors were told to cancel their vacations to conduct the emergency inspections and, in some cases, also re-examine bridges with designs unlike the fallen Interstate 35W bridge.
What would you do next?
When Fed officials next meet, they are widely expected to reduce the key lending rate from 5.25 percent to 5 percent or perhaps even less, but analysts are divided over how aggressively the Fed might pursue further rate cuts later this year.
“There’s not much somebody like that can do to change his reputation, particularly with the attitude he displays when interviewed,” Schafer said.
Funeral services will be held at 11:00am on Sunday, September 9, 2007 at the Robert Schoem Menorah Chapel at W150 Route 4 East, Paramus, NJ.
Services for Floria will be held at 10:00am on Wednesday at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
Its chief executive, Alan R. Mulally, who was also at the dinner, expressed concern about the macroeconomic conditions that had hurt the industry this summer.
Mr. Jacobs is drawing from his own tabloid existence in creating clothes, as he did with his spring collection with underwear hanging out of undone dresses, that reflect the disjointedness and randomness of the contemporary culture of celebrity worship.
Services are 1pm, September 8, Quaker Meeting, Purchase, NY.
Bill Tancer, the general manager of Hitwise, a company that analyzes search results, calls the field “searchonomics.” Thus far, he has tested his theories in a manner that resembles so-called future markets — which trade bets on future events like elections and sporting events — by treating search requests as the equivalent of votes, or “buys,” and then adjusting for other factors.
He is reasonably well adjusted, industrious and ultimately successful.
Time passes — and I cannot sit still.
A Democratic pollster, Geoffrey Garin, says: “There are a bunch of issues that candidates can take a pass on.
In the heart of Vesterbro, with its funky shops and cafes, the hotel has 64 rooms done in French Colonial style, and an extremely good organic breakfast buffet.
A speaker’s rostrum was placed behind a wall of sliding glass panels on the ground level.
Still, TV One is not itching for a smackdown with BET, Mr. Rodgers said, but wants to meet the needs of viewers with an average age of 35.
 To the Editor: The Bush administration’s push to renew the Protect America Act is not about updating dusty old laws.
As I write, a Givaudan myrrh oil sits on my desk.
The moment a publicly traded company’s stock dropped, Milberg Weiss would enlist a shareholder as a plaintiff and rush to court with a lawsuit.
A raging insurgency has confined the government to a handful of heavily fortified buildings in Mogadishu, while the rest of the country suffers.
Last year I gave the mailman $5.
The building’s exterior will be clad in Burgundy limestone, which has a yellower hue than the grayish Indiana limestone found in many New York buildings.
In 2002, he contributed $3.9 million to a scholarship fund and baseball stadium renovations at the University of Miami, where the practice facility is named Alex Rodriguez Park.
Her passion for travel, bridge and tennis were only overshadowed by her love for her family and friends.
He also rejected an ad from MoveOn.org that contained a doctored photograph of Cheney.
The impetus for the book, White explains in a postface, is a surviving prose fragment by Crane’s friend, the critic James Gibbons Huneker, describing a chance meeting between the pair and a syphilitic New York street kid.
Husband of Linda, father of Adam (Emily) Miller and Amy (Kyle) Bennett, grandfather of Avery and Kayden.
Another director, James Stillman R. McFadden, is chief manager of McFadden Communications, a commercial printing concern that does work for Regions Bank, government filings show.
And the battles that had roiled the university since he took the helm had quieted.
The first sentence of the dictation was: “I want to be a good American.” When the immigration officer was satisfied that I had spelled this correctly, she read out the second sentence: “I plan to work very hard every day.” Every day!
Every time we open a hive to work with the 45,000 or so buzzing creatures that live there, we learn more about their behavior.
Neal Sacharow, director of communications for the Writers Guild of America West, said in a statement, “If the companies were to take their rollbacks off the table, it would be a signal that they were prepared to engage in serious negotiations.” That would leave only the problem of figuring out where entertainment industry unions fit in the digital future.
The only way to prevent this is to ensure that everyone plays by the same rules.”
estimates, as do half of those dying of AIDS.
Ledger said he was faced with “playing an actor portraying Christian portraying a Dylanesque character, and not being sure what Christian was going to do.” Or, to put it another way, “Who was I playing when I was acting?” It all tied him in knots.
On Friday Dr. Sacks will give his first lecture, at Columbia’s psychiatry department, where he will talk about music and neuroscience.
Next week Cisco Systems, a Silicon Valley heavyweight, plans to announce one of its most unusual deals: it is buying the technology assets of Tribe.net , a mostly forgotten social networking site, according to people close to the companies’ discussions.
Dear sister of the late Elsbeth Weilheimer and Auguste Mohr and sister-in-law of Harry Weilheimer and the late Ernest Mohr.
“To impress his family or his neighbors?” The Lakeland man’s family was not sure when the deception began.
“Well, get her out of here!” Davis bellowed at me, by way of a suggested solution.)
A memorial at Pratt is planned for fall 2007.
The museum's position is clear.
Mr. Pare’s gift is to show us what happens when those visions are tested in everyday life, stripped of their original theoretical baggage.
“We didn’t want to overlook an area where it wasn’t immediately obvious why there was no hotel there.” The designer of the Vu’s interior is the Rockwell Group, which has worked on other Manhattan hotels — like the W New York and Carlton — but has never collaborated with Kimpton.
Today, the Senate is scheduled to vote on an amendment, filed by Senator Byron Dorgan, Democrat of North Dakota, that would deny financing for the pilot program next year.
“We just didn’t play well enough to win, particularly on defense,” said Justin Tuck, the Giants defensive end, who added, “That was a good team with a lot of weapons, but we are disappointed.” • Of course they are disappointed, after this gigantic helping of reality, after the soft schedule in the first half of the season.
“If they don’t like the taste, or worry about something that’s in the water, we recommend they get a filtration system,” said Wenonah Hauter, the group’s executive director.
Mark D. Gottlieb, a Durham police investigator.
Two years ago, Ms. Tian and a group of mostly older women sat on railroad tracks leading into Hangang and unfurled a banner that said, “Don’t darken our skies.” Their sit-in blocked a train.
I am a gastronomic fallen woman.
“When you’re from New York, everyone knows where you’re going.
HASTINGS--Marion, 94, on January 16, 2007.
The Yankees never led after Cora’s homer.
At 46, Mr. Gillespie is part of a core of newcomers who are seeing Mr. Bush through the end of his presidency as his Texas inner circle breaks up.
“Many-Headed Lioness” (2007) depicts a half-horse, half-human creature, with several heads, standing in a landscape.
Its traffickers are also processing more opium into heroin base there, a shift that has helped to increase Afghanistan’s drug revenues exponentially since the American-led invasion in 2001.
In some quarters, “Amazing Grace” will succeed better as a diversion than as a nuanced record of Wilberforce’s life.
That is, no doubt, an important political consideration for the White House.
She describes a few glaring clues in photographs Miranda pores over, but the reader must construct the problem behind the father’s morose behavior.
The park commemorates Col. Allen Allensworth, an escaped Kentucky slave who went on to become the highest-ranking black Army officer in the nation, who founded the town in 1908.
But the two men emerged Wednesday from their discussions closer to agreement on how to deal with the militants, who over the last year have extended their reach inside Pakistan.
It’s pretty clear that he not only respects the values of the D.I.Y.
Tomorrow and Sunday at 1 p.m., a family art project in making gifts for Mother’s Day, including sachets and paper flowers.
Indeed, the company, much like many of its competitors in recent years, has long opened up many of its own programs to others, in hopes they would use them as building blocks for their own software and services.
He wanted to make news.
Shelves along the three aisles brim with Asian staples.
Once the satellite’s images were received by imaging experts on Thursday, Digital Globe engineers worked on making them accessible to engineers at Amazon, who divided them into manageable sizes and posted them to Amazon’s Mechanical Turk site, which allows the general public to scrutinize images in search of various objects.
Sales at stores open at least a year, a standard measure in retailing, rose 6.1 percent at Target and 3.1 percent at Wal-Mart, both exceeding analysts’ predictions.
I’m happy that the president’s willing to do something bad for the kids.” Heh-heh-heh.
We woke up at dawn the next day, ready to complete our mission.
“My goal is to try to get on the field by the end of my rookie season — to get one snap out there,” Ball, who is 6 feet and 197 pounds, said after practice Friday.
Mr. Zeng helped Mr. Hu to put into effect a political program that includes paying more attention to the country’s wealth gap, its poor and its environment.
“People may say she may only be 10 years old, but she was willing to take that chance.
As I watched him, he looked up and noticed me.
“I’m somewhat more conservative,” he said.
Eighty percent of Americans think this Congress has accomplished nothing.
This season, confusion has reigned, with Thomas continually tweaking the rotation and, at certain points, shunning his best hustle players — Nate Robinson and Renaldo Balkman — entirely.
About half of the applications were from adjacent Miami-Dade County, but the school admitted only Broward County residents, ensuring that almost everyone from the county who wanted to attend could do so.
He is survived by son and daughter Eric and Elizabeth, and granddaughters Gabrielle and Nicole.
From left, YEFIM BRONFMAN, the evening's guest artist, with KATE and RICHARD S. LANNAMANN.
In places like California, residents have voted not only to allow embryo cloning for research, but also to finance it.
Owens's fifth catch, midway through the second quarter, was his last.
Gasoline prices have trailed surging oil prices, but they are starting to catch up as crude oil nears $100 a barrel.
And while Citigroup’s North American consumer division is still limping along, its investment banking and overseas operations have been on a tear.
“You can't really do that in Sydney anymore.” VISITOR INFORMATION GETTING THERE Qantas has flights from Kennedy Airport to Hobart starting at about $1,750, with stops in California, then in either Sydney or Melbourne.
An Apple spokeswoman, Natalie Kerris, said the price cut at iTunes was not in response to competition.
Katie Smith’s two free throws made the score 84-79 with 20 seconds to play.
Beloved husband of Evelyn, devoted father to Ellen Lehrman and Malcolm, father-in-law of Rebecca and the late Samuel Lehrman, caring brother of Ella Stock, and proud grandfather of Beth, Michael, Lauren, Andrew, and Scott.
NANKING Opens on Wednesday in Manhattan.
The reported number of Asians in the suburbs increased by 50,000 to 859,000, compared with an increase of 40,000 in the city.
“Just because he’s not here and we’re doing well doesn’t mean we don’t need him.” Giambi has not played for the Yankees since May 30 because of a torn plantar fascia in his left foot.
Our thoughts and prayers are with you.
“The more patina they have, the dirtier they look, the more people seem to love them,” she says.
But he waited for her to finish school and to reach the legal marriage age, 15, before they wed.
Nicholas,” which were monologues spoken directly to the audience.
The police found his body in a rural area about 30 miles west of Nicosia and said an autopsy had shown that he bled to death from a cut to the throat.
“It’s beautiful, virgin land up there.” Until recently, Mackay Point was virtually uninhabited, except for the Mackay Point Plantation, an old, private club where Vice President Dick Cheney has hunted.
Red lips, according to the beauty industry’s party line, are “classic,” “pretty” and “universally wearable.” But such claims merely gloss the surface.
The Heat shot a season-high 58 percent to end a four-game losing streak against Charlotte.
Daniel L. Vasella, chief executive of Novartis , the $39 billion pharmaceutical giant based in Switzerland, says that even though Americans have made progress in curing some diseases, they face a major increase in obesity- and aging-related diseases.
The science-fiction thriller has been absent as a dominant force of American television for some time — at the moment, we seem to prefer that our villains possess both human spirit and form.
A. Gill now returns the favor in his hilarious series of field notes.
“We have a law for blind hunters.
If you take a $5 billion hit, my question is, Do these guys know what they are doing?” Responsibility for risk management lands with Mr. O’Neal, but also with Ahmass L. Fakahany, Merrill’s co-president and a member of Mr. O’Neal’s inner circle.
But Gary M. Jacobs, senior vice president of Universal American, said the call center, with 435 Filipino employees, provided excellent service and accurate answers.
While liberals and other Democrats (including centrists and progressives who still wince at the word “liberal”) may agree on that goal, there is a vigorous debate over what kind of overarching vision should govern foreign policy.
In a pop spectacle of costume changes and set pieces with dancers, Ms. Furtado hit her marks, but she didn’t make it look like much fun.
Perhaps it was a blessing, since the honor would have brought more crowds, washing away the relative solitude that gives Marvão its charm.
“With eye trackers we can look at the precise point at which the child is looking — not just the face, but the eye region or the mouth region,” said Gregory S. Young, a researcher at the MIND Institute at the University of California, Davis.
MOVIES Ratings and running times are in parentheses; foreign films have English subtitles.
Alexander Stille, a professor of journalism at Columbia who wrote one of the most respected books on Italy’s struggle with the Sicilian Mafia, “Excellent Cadavers,” called the book “very important” for shedding light on an organization that has unjustly “taken second or third billing” compared with the Mafia.
When he told her they had to cling to their faith in God, she replied, “I know that God can take care of this.
When it’s working properly, the device senses when the water level in the boiler drops below a safe level; if the water gets too low, the boiler can overheat, crack the liner and even cause a fire.
I was sitting here rotting away, and he didn’t let me.”
“I mean, if you want to say more balls get hit harder with an aluminum bat than a wood bat, obviously I can’t deny that.
But the government has resisted such a radical step, fearing the costs not just to the economy, but to the truckers and to members of their extended families, who typically pool their savings to finance a truck.
Monitor Center, in conjunction with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
Bonds’s home run Saturday will probably be heard for only a 48-hour news cycle.
“Some established donors may indeed be put off by irreverent blogging.
“He’s a country boy, just like the rest of us,” said Mark Plunkett, who played high school basketball with John Lee.
But most visibly, Fatah has been organizing protests on Fridays, asking supporters to demonstrate by praying not in the mosques, but outside them, and then trying to provoke the Hamas police by chanting anti-Hamas slogans and throwing stones.
They headed home, sadder and wiser.
The board and its adviser, Merrill Lynch, were criticized for accepting a pre-emptive bid before hearing offers from other suitors, which were due in June as part of a full-fledged auction.
He earned three Emmys, one Garbriel and numerous other industry and religious awards.
An infrared mode allows parents to watch even if the baby is in complete darkness.
The fates of the Orange Free State, Bechuanaland and the tribal kingdoms that suffered for their proximity to gold fields (and would be shamelessly annexed by foreign interests) are also vital to this book’s version of the Scramble for Africa.
A recent Zogby poll found that more than eight out of 10 New York state residents, or 85 percent, think their senators should shift taxpayer dollars toward precisely these sorts of programs.
The transportation agency approached the Grand Central Partnership about putting decals around subway stations in its area.
The reader of this engrossing collection of letters, many previously unpublished, is dismayed to find him refusing to sign a declaration against Hitler — never mind fight — a few weeks after the outbreak of war, because “I do not feel that politics ... are my affair,” except “such politics as are dictated by the need to ‘make the world safe for mystical experience.’ ” Support from Bloomsbury old boys was not lacking: “Have you yet read [Bertrand] Russell’s new book, ‘Which Way to Peace’?” he asked a correspondent in 1936, as the Nazis prepared to trample over Europe.
On taxes, as on health care and other issues, the Edwards campaign has sought to promote him as more of a champion of the poor and the working class than Senators Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York and Barack Obama of Illinois.
His “Mangrove” (1979) and “Earth Cry” (1986) seemed appropriate inclusions alongside Stravinsky’s “Rite of Spring.” The orchestral writing in the propulsive “Earth Cry” (a sort of Outback “Appalachian Spring”) is straightforward and melodic.
Next, consider the state of your power-backup management.
Pfizer attributed Lipitor’s United States free fall to declining prescriptions for the medicine, now facing competition from far cheaper generic forms of Zocor made by Merck, and to patterns of stocking by wholesalers and related factors.
In the end, the vote was close.
Baseness is undiluted in a 2000 painting of toilet and urinal overlaid with the white-traced forms of intestines and male genitals.
After a drunken employee of Blackwater shot a man to death, for example, the employee was flown out of Iraq, docked pay and fired.
But it also made her feel a little uncomfortable, as on the September day when she was welcomed by teachers and students with hugs and prayers.
“I don’t know exactly what’s happening, but it sounds like it’s not going to happen.” Betemit can also play first base, where the Yankees also have Shelley Duncan, Jason Giambi and Andy Phillips.
Jacob, Anna, Herschel and August don’t so much act as reiterate the identities Oates has assigned to them.
If so, I know what will arrive soon: another deal where a good player finds a line of play that works even though the breaks are bad and gains points over someone who unwisely assumes that everything will be for the best in the best of all possible worlds — as in both Saturday’s column and today’s.
A standard room at one of the Fitzpatrick hotels costs about $460 a night.
Also, a federal magistrate judge criticized The Los Angeles Times for faulty reporting in 2006 on one of the documents.
In the age of YouTube and the radio talk show hosts Howard Stern and Don Imus as television stalwarts, this might not seem all that remarkable, except that the radio industry has been singularly tardy in embracing the interactive age.
With all the video sequences and special effects, the game can’t be completed in less than two hours.
That was true of “Distance,” too, and so the distances between the six women (Courtney Drasner, Janessa Clark, Jill Frere, Jenni Hong, Kristy Kuhn and Hannah Seidel) in this mysterious enclave were simply a physical fact at first.
Few of the companies are using mass-market advertising to promote the environmental link to filters.
Among the featured lines are the woven and jersey fabric dresses by the Pittsburgh designer Kelly Lane that start at $250.
Call it a vodkatini if you must, but not a martini.
It recently won approval to develop 686 apartments in a mixed-use development on the site of Washington’s former convention center in a long-awaited project with Hines, a developer in Houston.
It’s enough for Medvedev to sing an ode to democracy.” Gleb O. Pavlovsky, a political consultant who has worked for the Kremlin, rejected that view of Mr. Medvedev, saying that it was absurd to believe that Mr. Putin would want to devalue the office by installing a puppet.
I need the precious one-on-one with my doctors so that they and I may have a confidential and attentive session to discuss, diagnose and treat my ills.
Based on surveys, the federal government estimates that there are at least 131,000 aides working in New York, but the state does not keep precise figures.
“The filmmakers’ approach overlooked the unique character of today’s Central High that was shaped by the people and events of a half-century ago,” Ms. Rousseau said in an e-mail message.
Foreign lenders have every right to be concerned about American standards of truthfulness and disclosure.
Like the patrician originals, which are sold in Manhattan only at Barneys New York and Bergdorf Goodman, they display the Goyard logo and Paris address discreetly on their sides.
The night before the recall of a toy based on the Pixar movie “Cars,” Tim Kilpin, a Mattel vice president, called John Lasseter, the chief creative officer of Pixar and Disney Animation Studios and the creator of the movie “Cars.” Mr. Lasseter questioned Mr. Kilpin about the source of the lead paint on the roof and tires of 436,000 toy cars based on his character Sarge.
But Long Island’s vast suburbs do not appear to hold much interest for landscape artists, at least on the evidence of the images here.
But it proved an unexpected success and the business began to grow, helped, too, by Mr. Roddick, when he came back from his trip.
This morning, he will be buried after a Mass at St. Raymond’s Catholic Church.
Figuring out the mechanism would be a major fruit of the new studies, which have produced “one of the few strongly replicated findings that has emerged from the field of heart attack and coronary heart disease,” Dr. O’Donnell said.
“It turned out that we could get a lot done in the provinces without passing oil-revenue laws,” the official said.
Malley regrets but respects the students’ decision to enlist, which echoes the prevailing wisdom that you should support the troops even if you don’t support the wars.
“It’s one of those things you only do this time of year; it’s the whole deal.” Ms. Nichols, who works in sales for Johnson & Johnson, estimated that she would have spent $4,000 on tickets, hotel, dinner and transportation, not including the shopping she was planning to do.
The gay and lesbian ball takes volunteers of any age, but all must be available for rehearsals the month before the ball.)
STELLA MARIS (212) 233-2417; 213 Front Street (Peck Slip); $$; Article 4/4/07.
The town now has about 3,800 homes and plans to add about another 2,000 in coming years.
Similarly, I could fully understand Atlanta Falcons fans who watched a 24-3 loss to Minnesota petitioning United States District Judge Henry E. Hudson to sentence Michael Vick as harshly as he pleases — if he will just let him play for the Falcons on Sundays.
Cherished father of Dr. John Baeder.
As the industrial centers of Manhattan began to decline in the 1950s, residential tenants moved to White Street, along with some “downtown” type enterprises: Let There Be Neon, at 38; the Flea Theater, at 41; and the Manhattan Children’s Theater, at 52.
Two other men charged in the plot pleaded guilty last week.
“Many of those who led the yes campaign are so bureaucratic that it was impossible for them to convince the Chavista base to vote yes,” said Stalin Pérez Borges, a union leader.
“Sweeney Todd” has been produced by opera companies, and even on Broadway it has generally been cast with accomplished singers.
During the long tenures of Harley Earl, the G.M.
If Mr. Bush’s nominee, Michael B. Mukasey, is approved as attorney general, he has signaled he might shift the course of the department.
Kenya has begun moving about 2,000 animals, including hundreds of zebra and impala, to a rebuilt Meru National Park, the game reserve devastated by rampant poaching in the 1970s and ’80s.
Mr. Woodward’s calculating, changeable use of reportorial revelations is made to resemble Potomac Man’s purely political scheming.
The company said it had not determined a price.
I had no direct knowledge of ongoing wars or market meltdowns.
So it is a very noble mission that I have.” Before departing from London, Mr. Sharif told his brother, Shahbaz Sharif, who faces arrest in Pakistan on murder charges, that it was not necessary for him to return to Pakistan.
But their ultimate goal is to perform the operation entirely through the vagina.
On the other hand, small portions worked well in many appetizers.
Some of the tribe’s men had been insurgents, killers of American marines, but the border was an out-of-control no man’s land.
I worried about Gillian’s feelings, though, and wanted to help her overcome her blockbuster aversion.
Industry analysts say the ’tween market, defined as 8- to 12-year-olds, represents one of the major growth opportunities for the wireless industry.
I let them take turns brushing my hair, which is something they can’t do with my husband.
In the March 31 issue of The Lancet, the British medical journal, Prof. Jim Waterhouse and colleagues from Liverpool, England, wrote: “The ease of getting to sleep and staying asleep depends not only on previous wake time, but also on associations with the circadian rhythm of core temperature.
I think he’s helped himself.” And more important, Brennan enjoyed himself.
But they are really just witty formulations of standard evangelical doctrine, things not even the most ardent country Baptist preacher could disagree with.
After that, the new residential building began; that is now under way in earnest.
Other recent Todd enterprises include New River Adventures (kayak, canoe, bike and tube rentals in the old depot building); a farmers’ market; several new nursery and landscaping businesses; and Community Supported Agriculture programs like Stacy Martin’s Yellow Wolf Farm (check out the holistic dog biscuits).
For example, James Dobson, founder of Focus on the Family, said children needed to be raised by heterosexual married couples.
A 2003 memo from the naval investigative service on the Navy’s use of the national security letters, for instance, said in reference to the leader of the Sept. 11 hijackings: “If the target of a terrorism investigation is Mohammed Atta, an N.S.L.
A spokesman for Mr. Smith, the Senate minority leader, would not comment on whether Mr. Smith had met with Mr. Green on Wednesday.
According to a report in The Boston Globe, the Massachusetts health commissioner, John Auerbach, will decide over the next two weeks whether the state will return its antismoking messages to television.
“Naturally,” Boras wrote, “the decision made by Alex and his family to pursue free agency does not preclude him from returning to the Yankees should the right circumstances arise, especially since Alex continues to enjoy playing in New York.” If there is a team considering pursuing Rodriguez, it should remember that he has never played in a World Series, and he was a major reason his team didn’t get there the past three seasons.
But it soon becomes apparent that he has a proclivity for substituting hyperbole for insight.
“That wasn’t what we were trying to do,” he said.
Mr. Pace, who said he wanted to buy a gun for protection, gave his “full-hearted” support to what New York was trying to do.
On the other hand, do you want fancy fabric or all that standard safety gear?
Hamas insists that it respects the Palestinian president, Mahmoud Abbas, of Fatah, and that Hamas will continue to rule here under the political program of the unity government negotiated under Saudi auspices in March and dismissed in June by Mr. Abbas.
Brian Grazer , one of the most successful producers in Hollywood, would seem to be a memorable guest, with his energetic manner and elaborately spiked hair.
It lasted a New York minute.
Bear Stearns had not seen the lawsuit, but said it was unjustified and without merit.
Photos: Marc Jacobs black ruffle halter dress, $2,900.
He thought for a moment, then said: “Being mentioned with someone like Jerry Rice, I knew it had no gauge on what I’d do after college.
The “Rabbit” has returned to its original soft form, and, many times larger at more than 50 feet high, taken to the air.
In an earlier show of support for Mr. Abbas in July, Israel released more than 250 Palestinian prisoners, all from the West Bank.
Moments later, after what the police say was a confrontation on Mr. Horn’s front lawn, the two men — both illegal immigrants — lay dead on winding Timberline Drive, leaving behind a pillowcase stuffed with jewelry and about $2,000 in cash.
That may explain its enduring appeal to legions of tourists and art-history majors.
He is a stock trader for institutional clients at Lehman Brothers in Manhattan.
The collection -- comprising 1,000 boxes, including handwritten and typed manuscripts, galley proofs, screenplays, correspondence, photographs, audio- and videotapes and other materials from the early 1930s to 2005 -- was described as the center's largest single-author archive.
The shares now trade for less than 40 Australian cents, down from the 2.50 dollars that Mr. Kinghorn and Mr. Jones received from the public shareholders.
Get a good night’s sleep on someone else’s sheets — preferably ones with a 500 thread count.
There was no baseball drug policy at the time, and that’s true.
Mumblecore’s origin myth locates the watershed at the 2005 South by Southwest Film Festival in Austin, Tex., which screened a cluster of small, superficially similar films (including “The Puffy Chair” and “Mutual Appreciation”).
It is also crucial to make accommodations for disabled employees.
When Lazzaro was told what was about to happen on the ramps at Gate D, he said, “That’s a disgusting practice and the police have to get involved, put a stop to it.”
At the same time, scientists interested in robotic missions and space research worry that Mr. Griffin’s interest in spaceflight will shortchange those programs.
Mr. Romney has also shot small game on his Utah property, said Mr. Fehrnstrom, who added that he did not know how often.
Kanter acknowledged there were worse places for women with children to work, though she also recalled how, at an office baby shower, she overheard a high-ranking superior tell a female attorney: “So this is it, right?
Sales of the new T. I. album ''T.
PHOTO: Wind stoked a wildfire yesterday above Ketchum, Idaho.
“We take care of all the children in the shelter,” said Dr. Amish Nishawala, who works at the clinic.
When you want to check your wind — a critical component in deer hunting — you just pull out, release one of the flosses and study how it drifts away.
In a recent interview relatively devoid of the folksy patter for which he has become known on the stump, Mr. Thompson, 65, reflected on the “up close, classic education” he received over his investigative career, saying it had cemented his belief that government should not be given any more authority than it absolutely needs.
A colleague on the commission, Michael Copps, for whom I have the utmost respect, has argued that our very democracy is at stake in the decisions we make regarding media ownership.
It was so quintessentially Hamptons, I couldn't help being thrilled.
A Memorial Celebration of his life will take place 7pm Monday, October 15, 2007 at Beef & Boards Dinner Theatre, 9301 N. Michigan Road, Indianapolis.
Pfizer spent more than $800 million developing torcetrapib, and its research chief announced his early retirement a few months after the drug failed.
WHO Steve Murray, 50, owner of an outdoor advertising agency, and his wife, Anne, 43, from Petoskey, Mich. WHERE Mackinac Island, Mich. WHAT 4-bedroom house Steve: As most people know, vehicles are not permitted on Mackinac Island, something that makes it very special.
Mark Mercer is a distracted, Woody Allenish man.
Soon after, the editorial board at The Daily Californian, the independent student newspaper, called the fence a public relations disaster and suggested that it might “encourage martyrdom.” Zachary Running Wolf, an American Indian activist who has been living in the grove for nearly 300 days, agreed.
The average gross of each film based on a comic, according to a Variety study, is about $215 million — just over a third the size of the entire North American print-comics market.
And regulatory authorities, especially the F.D.A., have become extremely risk-averse, increasing the risks of research dramatically.
In Pennsylvania, which has sent the fourth-highest number of troops, the claims office in Pittsburgh is tied for second for longest backlogs, where 4 out of 10 claims have been pending for more than six months.
“As I’ve said before, I am completely innocent.
Mr. Yunus said he felt that the interim government, which had restored relative calm in the country after deadly political violence last year, would be able to steer Bangladesh to progress.
Game players and sports fans tend to be early adopters of TV technology, so manufacturers are making an effort to please them.
And so girls with autism and normal intelligence may end up at a particular disadvantage.
The girls say they regularly give money to their cash-strapped and widowed 61-year-old grandmother, Rabiab Chaiyated, who has become one of their biggest fans.
In the early 1980s, Gray, who teaches European thought at the London School of Economics, was the most capable defender of Friedrich von Hayek as a social philosopher rather than just a propagandist for free-market policy.
By midcentury, nearly half of all adults smoked.
Although the currency’s popular name, the loonie, comes from the bird depicted on the one-dollar coin, its alternate meaning was not lost on Canadians.
“To be able to have participated in that moment is one of the greatest highlights of my life,” said Rutherford, who also accepted a bonus.
Who were the owners who looked the other way?
In real life, I’d rather have a likable next-door neighbor than a bipolar goddess as a confidante.
The major buyers include pension funds, insurance companies, hedge funds and short-term money market funds.
King — who agreed to speak only in general terms about the job of a board member — said it wasn’t that simple.
Her handwritten log suggests that at least eight women have missed their drug doses since December.
Right, Missy Balmir, top of picture, leads a discussion with teenage girls at the church.
We were Kokee veterans, but we still needed constant mapping references and weather assessments.
She said she had sold tens of thousands of them.
Until recently, it seemed that the only way the game industry knew how to grow was to keep drilling deeper into its core demographic of tech-savvy young men who had few interests beyond cleavage, explosions and touchdowns.
Dave and Mickey Coskey liked Avalon so much that they finally ditched their town house in Camden County and made Avalon their primary residence, which meant lots of telecommuting and long drives to Philadelphia.
They also think that their mistakes are self-correcting.
Unfortunately, the use of that term is slowly becoming a marketing mantra merely meant to move merchandise.
He said that the Ashas were model tenants, but that Dr. Asha, a Palestinian with Jordanian citizenship, had something of a condescending manner.
More than two years after the chief executive, John J. Mack, made a celebrated return to his old firm, promising to put more of the firm’s capital at risk, it is becoming apparent that Morgan Stanley may have to take its own write-down for bad credit exposure.
Anyway, the New England pictures are far from experimental.
But, she adds, ''I'm not a pessimist -- I'm skeptical.
Page 7.; The Book Writer -- Rupert Holmes talks about writing the script for ''Curtains'' -- the new John Kander and Fred Ebb musical, left -- after the deaths of Peter Stone, the first writer, and Mr. Ebb.
I don't mean it's time for local bistros to put salade ni?se on their menus.
(The more beautiful miniatures had already been donated to the Metropolitan Museum of Art.)
The Patriots’ Tom Brady leads with a 141.8, and Chad Pennington, who would be benched if many Jets fans had their way, is second at 121.4.
According to a Rowan University study, Thunderbolt is expected to create 1,500 jobs and could lead to 6,000 additional jobs in hospitality, automotive and retail businesses.
If a virus manages to establish itself, a doctor may be able to prescribe a drug to slow down its spread.
Indeed, Department of Correction officials are beginning to speak longingly of shipping prisoners out of state, an inhumane practice that has not been done since 2004.
Merrill’s board acted decisively immediately after the firm’s huge losses were disclosed and after it was further revealed that Mr. O’Neal had made an unauthorized merger approach to Wachovia.
Notable entrees included traditional braised dishes, like a tagine of saffron-infused monkfish, carrots and fennel; plump quail stuffed with saffron and raisin couscous; and Cornish hen with aromatic lemon confit and green olives.
To most people it would be a simple act of self-refreshment, but to Ms. Pollack it was also a minor offense against the planet — think of all the oil used to package, transport and refrigerate that water.
Instead it follows the lead of Dickinson’s spare, vivid poetry.
Her one-bedroom cost $1,200 a month when she moved in 16 years ago; today the rent is $2,000.
Services today 12:30 at Sherman's Flatbush Memorial Chapel, Inc., 1283 Coney Island Avenue (Ave. J), Brooklyn.
Mr. Sinagra is charged with the 1990 killing of the witness, Patrick Porco, 18.
Professor Cosgrove says chewing gum may be only the first product in Revolymer’s pipeline.
“Until the starters, one through five, give us six, seven innings every time out, we’re going to be mired just over .500, which could be good enough to get us into the wild card, but not good enough to get us to the top of the division, considering how good the Mets are.” Six of the Braves’ first seven batters Sunday are hitting at least .300, and that does not include the two-time All-Star catcher Brian McCann (.268), who did not play; Teixeira (.294); or Rentería (.336).
In the early 1990s, they would take breaks from restoring their 1890s farmhouse in the Boston suburb of Billerica by hiking in the forest at Great Brook Farm State Park in nearby Carlisle, Mass.
John Handler and Mrs. Kern, arguing that they were trying to preserve the estate, appealed and won.
For information on schedules, visit www.hawaiisuperferry.com or call (877) 443-3779.
“The American Republic is in remnant status,” he says.
The intuitive answer, of course, is as little as possible.
Enrico Granafei Quartet, hands-free chromatic harmonica and guitar.
‘THE ART OF DESCRIBING: DUTCH ART IN THE 17TH CENTURY,’ by Svetlana Alpers.
1) will be cheering, and Modesto, Calif. (No.
WHAT THEY'RE WEARING NOW As 2007 casts off with the most celebrated party night of the year, the pressing question may well be: What should I wear?
The good news is, I have a plan in hand for fall.
“We have the second highest tax rate in the industrialized world," said Mr. Thompson, a former senator from Tennessee.
Selig should spend the week going fishing.
It would not be a war of conquest, as Brissot saw it, but a war “between liberty and tyranny.” Pro-war Jacobins believed theirs was a mission not for a single nation or even for a single continent.
Finally he erupts and commits an incredible act of violence, traumatizing Rebecca yet at the same time releasing her into the world and a new beginning.
And not to flinch at prices — $350 for pants?
Ducks and geese and hares had to scurry as I bounded over bridges, through the rose garden and around the arboretum for about 30 minutes.
The Thrashers, the only team in the N.H.L.
WESTCHESTER HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL White Plains.
The 1,000-square-foot guest house has two bedrooms and two baths and a two-car garage with extra storage.
Border Patrol agents were attacked 987 times along the border during the 12-month period that ended Sept. 30, the agency said.
But through it all shines that Caribbean light, shimmering on the foliage of trees, their branches heavy with succulent ripe fruit.
Why didn’t the high demand lead to high inflation?
Andrew Hughes (class of 2001) produced the four hand-blown glass pendants that light the kitchen island.
A study released last month by the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta found that as much as 70 percent of the increase in the aggregate homeownership rate over the decade was a result of the introduction of new mortgage products, some of which reduced down-payment requirements.
He will assume the top army post — currently held by General Musharraf — when that office is vacated, the statement said.
We don’t know who does.
“I may get to a point in a month where I have so many things going on with my foundation, my Web site,” said Houston, referring to allanhouston.com .
Mr. McDonald was one of the four legislators, out of 39 who voted, to oppose the Connecticut proposal in one committee.
Leaving Isleta, Father Latour and his guide, Jacinto, ride through a sandstorm on their way to Laguna Pueblo, passing by the lake for which the village was named.
Mr. Putin appears in part motivated by a need to be seen on the world stage as a lawfully elected leader as genuine as his partners in the Group of Eight.
Wolf will make $4.75 million in base pay.
All of them have had different influences and learned from them.” Hank Steinbrenner said he asked all of the candidates about their influences, and Mattingly told reporters that his mentors included Billy Martin and Lou Piniella, two luminaries of the George Steinbrenner era.
Dontrelle Willis would be an ideal addition, but the Florida Marlins have not indicated he is available.
Can an antipsychotic drug from the 1950s be paired with a 1980s antibiotic to shrink 21st-century tumors ?
The models were necessary but insufficient.
On Aug. 9, after training in Germany, I found out we had won the appeal.
As Brogan keenly notes, there was a paradox in Tocqueville’s position.
Her only sibling, Irène Joliot-Curie, died in 1956, at 58, of leukemia, which was believed to have been caused by her prolonged exposure to radioactive material.
“Gillies made up plastic surgery as he went along, smoking furiously, operating for a dozen hours a day, sketching noses on the backs of envelopes,” Kennedy writes.
I do wonder what my father, the historian, would think of that.
“They paid like they weighed,” he said.
The action includes a famous sword dance, with which Concubine Yu tries to distract the king.
Medical privacy and employment rules complicate the issue further.
“There are those who don’t believe in talking about hope: they say, well, we want specifics, we want details, we want white papers, we want plans,” he said then.
She said this: “I think it’s 19th century, that Buddha.
The government refuses to devalue Zimbabwe’s dollar, which fetches only 5 to 10 percent of its official value on the thriving black market.
Roche, based in Basel, Switzerland, presented its own analysis of more than 150,000 patients on Tuesday.
Bonds’s defense would then appear to be that he believed he was receiving flaxseed oil or some other lawful substance; Bonds also more squarely denied receiving testosterone or injections from Anderson.
Roughly 80 percent of QVC’s sales come from its on-air presentations and 20 percent from the Internet.
One would be to withhold rent and then, in any nonpayment proceeding brought by the named tenant, counterclaim for damages equal to triple the amount of the actual overcharge, plus lawyer's fees and interest on the overcharge at 9 percent a year.
First, there is E Ink, which creates crisp black-and-white displays that are easier on the eyes and use less power than the screens used on cellphones and laptop computers.
But this underresourced mission, on which NATO’s future hinges, needs switch-hitters.
Dr. Monto suggested another step: inserting a camera-mounted probe into the hip for a closer look.
A steady rise in foreclosures tied to the struggling mortgage market has weighed down housing demand, and tightened lending standards have made it more difficult for Americans to get home loans.
“There has been an awful lot of energy around e-books in the last six to 12 months, and we are now making a lot more titles available,” said Matt Shatz, vice president for digital at Random House, which plans to have around 6,500 e-books available by 2008.
“But we do have to face facts.
It has a host of sandwiches and salads, but the counter is dominated by coffee, and the few seats provide a perfect revival point from shopping.
Now, as it set about slicing off the phone parts of the iPhone, Apple must have felt like a brain surgeon: you don’t want to cut too much.
In a recent ruling, Judge Frank said he believed that a crucial issue in the trial was the right of the patients and doctors to know about potential product defects.
Illustrating the political dangers of the issue, Mrs. Clinton found herself under fierce attack Wednesday from Republicans and conservative radio hosts for her debate comments.
I decided to let Nature sort this one out, and walked down to water our potato patch, and to get a closer look at the spiders.
“Is that a nursery rhyme?” Bonnie asked.
The town mayor, Nicola Pollari, still remembers a Boy Scout expedition to the “wilds” of Venaria.
¶Gus Frerotte threw three touchdown passes in the first half, then sweated out two second-half interceptions as the Rams beat the Falcons, 28-16, to earn their first win at home.
In the ceremonies Ms. Billger had performed on two earlier trips to the Great Pyramid, she had never gotten so far down, and the closer they could bring the energy to the spiritual treasures below, the more accessible the wisdom of Atlantis would become to the rest of the world.
“It is the intellectual equivalent of a Hollywood weepie,” she said.
That a writer as accomplished as Lanchester couldn’t edit himself only shows how difficult, even hazardous, his journey into his past became.
Josie, the heroine of “Messenger,” is portrayed by a trio of actresses wearing vintage cardigans in ice cream colors.
“It’s strange that this dyad, the couple, was in agreement about this; that they both thought this was O.K.” Dr. Gleyzer said, noting that such cases often involve someone who lives alone and rarely goes out.
And he provides a gripping — and very chilling — account of the execution of King Charles I in 1649, embroidered with some meditations on why republicanism never took hold for long in Britain, as opposed to France, where a procession of philosophers boasted that the beheading of Louis XVI “marked the end of an age of magical, divine authority and the birth of an age of reason.” Like the award-winning Stephen Frears movie “The Queen,” this book works hard to create sympathy for members of the royal family, even as it conjures up the absurdities of their daily existence in a plush but faintly dowdy bubble manned by phalanxes of courtiers and valets.
In other words, Scott Adams, the “Dilbert” creator and the progenitor of the multimillion-dollar Dilbert empire, is now a pointy-haired boss himself.
THE amenities being offered in new urban construction have a distinctly suburban flavor these days: in addition to washing machines and wine refrigerators, developers are even advertising garbage disposals and barbecue grills.
From left: EDWARD BLEIER, MAGDA BLEIER and Dr. LARRY NORTON 38.
Dr. Paul D. Thompson, director of cardiology at Hartford Hospital in Connecticut, said he had run in 30 to 35 marathons.
Mr. Kulicke’s skills and passions sometimes converged.
In a wide-ranging speech that attacked the Bush administration for its handling of Hurricane Katrina, the controversy over the replacement of United States attorneys and fraud involving government contractors in Iraq, Mrs. Clinton characterized the current White House as having “a stunning record of cronyism and corruption, incompetence and deception.” In the address, her first major policy speech on the campaign trail, she proposed to restrict no-bid government contracts sharply and make the details of all government contracts available online, along with the budgets of government agencies.
The deal comes just days after Google completed its purchase of the e-mail management company Postini for $625 million, one of a series of moves by the Internet search giant to strengthen its software offerings to businesses.
He admitted that time was running short, since the government would need at least five days to pass the amendment through both houses of Parliament before the president submitted nomination papers by mid-September.
In his award-winning performance in last year's ''Little Miss Sunshine,'' as the gawky, goth big brother who takes a vow of silence, he was poignant, weird and lovable all at once.
He went anyway, and suffered greatly for it.
A police officer was killed yesterday when he swerved his patrol car to avoid a deer and hit a tree, the police said.
But it took a local newspaper, The Long Island Press, to raise a discomfiting fact about the attack that other news outlets had overlooked.
It does not charge the buildings yearly fees.
“I don’t think so,” Stevens replied.
“I have a right to speak, and they have a right to speak,” she said of her critics.
Still, even such a basic production involved an environmental no-no.
“We know the environment that we are in here and, obviously, you would like it to be different, but it is not,” said Coughlin, who was a primary target of scorn last season but has escaped such scathing analysis this year.
The best moments in this show by the Czechoslovak-American Marionette Theater come near the end, once the killing starts; the carousel's inescapable round-and-round begins to make sense.
The contents are fairly basic but it is accurate, helpful on the specific topics addressed, and free.
“All I could think was where is he, what if he comes through that door, what if he comes through right now,” recalled Kevin Kleine, 29, a shopper who hid in a storage room with her 4-year-old daughter, Emily, and four women she had never met, including an expectant mother.
Mauritania agreed to allow ashore a stricken ship carrying hundreds of Asian and African migrants, ending a standoff over which country would accept them, Spain's government said.
This would clearly not be a happy situation.
Inside the city, rescue boats and private boats traveled the flooded streets, looking for people in trouble and handing out supplies.
And still I’m just 20, so I have a lot of time left.
and grandchildren Lars, and Elisabeth Hunt.
Consider, for example, a textbook required for an advanced Japanese course at my daughter’s college.
Most co-op proprietary leases and condo bylaws, Mr. Weinstein said, require the corporation or association to provide an annual financial statement.
It is poor, even by India’s standards, with an annual per capita income of $675, compared with $730 nationwide.
Cigna agreed to standards that include disclosing how doctors are ranked and providing a process for consumers to register complaints about the system.
“Everyone was overoptimistic,” said Jean-Luc Durand, a fifth-generation wooden-boat builder who serves as chief carpenter.
Interviews with several friends, relatives and officers who worked with him at the tow pound failed to turn up anyone who worked with him at ground zero before the end of 2001.
Some people make it easy by wearing the same clothes, though they are seeking licenses under different names.
Air Alert valve caps, from Aviation Upgrade Technologies, blink when the pressure drops significantly in the tires they are mounted on.
Grace Glueck's review is on Page 31.
“We will continue to aggressively enforce our immigration laws while reviewing all legal options available to us in response to this ruling,” Mr. Chertoff said yesterday in a statement.
Ms. Lofgren said she hoped to take up Mr. Gomez’s bill after the August recess.
In its finished form, the 1969 “Dances at a Gathering” is an hour long, and on a good day that’s still too few peanuts.
Kate Smith’s rendition of “God Bless America,” a favorite of Mr. Northrup’s wife, Marilyn, who died in 2002, is the only non-country offering.
'' Vinatieri kicked the 20-yard chip shot between the uprights.
The watch is an interesting product category through which to examine the function of style, because mere time-telling isn’t a very powerful selling point these days.
“What if we become ridiculous and just go out to a shopping mall and hand out applications?” Then there is that survey that asks college officials to rate other colleges and universities.
However, Ford officials are said to be reluctant to make the same guarantees for future investments that G.M.
The developments have stoked the anger of residents here, who say jet fumes endanger their health and jet noise threatens their sanity.
told airlines that it would space out southbound departures from the Boston area so southbound lanes would not be saturated when airplanes from the New York area tried to join the flow.
Only 44 percent of cellphone owners use data services like video or the Internet on their phones, according to Forrester Research.
On Friday, hundreds of Sudanese in Khartoum, the capital, protested what they considered a lenient punishment and called for her to be put to death.
“He has to do it for himself.”
“Sharp, then soft,” Mr. Leventhal calls out as the students dance in the airy studio at the Mark Morris Center in Fort Greene, Brooklyn.
The accountability office also found that the I.R.S.
Mr. Grumbles said trading might not always be the best way to reduce pollution.
It uses a variation of the E-Flex propulsion system, the plug-in hybrid technology first shown on the Chevrolet Volt concept at the 2007 Detroit auto show.
Stephen Marley finished just behind his father with “Mind Control” (Ghetto Youths/Tuff Gong/Universal Republic/ URMG), followed by Damian Marley with “Welcome to Jamrock” on the same label.
“There’s nothing to talk about,” Hingis said.
Although prosecutors had sought a much harsher sentence for Mr. Black, Judge Amy J. St. Eve of Federal District Court said Mr. Black’s sentence should be closer to that of Mr. Radler, calling them “equally culpable.” Judge St. Eve told Mr. Radler on Monday that he had breached his duty, but the judge also acknowledged his cooperation with prosecutors.
And the numbers of violations both issued and removed have climbed sharply over the past three years.
Some imply that it is not legal to unlock a phone, but the legal issues are murky at best.
“Katharine Hepburn had somebody like Arleen who lived with her for the final 30 years.” In her book, Dr. Richards never writes that she regrets having had her surgery, yet she lists so many regrets relating to her sex change that it is like someone who returns again and again to the edge of a great pit, but refuses to leap in.
Boxing prowess may not be everyone’s dream.
The Senate Intelligence Committee was supposed to have an investigation years ago into what Mr. Bush and other officials knew about the intelligence on Iraq ’s weapons when they used it to stampede the country into war.
Transit officials estimate that as many as 35,000 cars may come off the road as motorists choose the train.
There are two stone fireplaces and a three-car attached garage.
“These things have a way of purifying us.”
She is a daughter of Sarada Purna Sonty and Dr. Sriram Sonty of Flossmoor, Ill.
“Whether it’s food or cotton or flowers,” Mr. Prolman said, “people are asking questions: How are farmworkers treated?
Andrea Marie Baiocchi provided fine support for the other singers.
• The Converse division of Nike , North Andover, Mass., named Anomaly, New York, to handle its creative account, which had been at Butler, Shine, Stern & Partners, Sausalito, Calif. Billings were estimated at $20 million.
“Texting” is central to an entire generation of people, Mr. Dayton argued, and Apple is taking a risk in not making that a central design feature.
After West raises spades, North, expecting his partner’s values not to be in spades, uses Roman Key Card Blackwood.
It's one of the grace notes of her work that, in peaceful or pensive moments, she gives us a glimpse of the lovely, captivating woman waiting to emerge from the girl.
We just pray for help.”
It will own the company’s flagship paper, The Dallas Morning News; The Providence Journal; and The Press-Enterprise of Riverside, Calif.
“I told him Luis has gone mad,” Mr. Kohomban recalled.
The onion, with its tiny black seeds, tastes richly oniony.
Ms. Chupa of the Department of Environmental Conservation said the permission “has to do with our interpretation of what administrative personnel means,” adding, however, that the Adirondack Park Agency is the “final arbiter regarding interpretation” of the master plan.
They say they have an answer to the new competition: quality.
Writing to express gratitude for her safe return, the aunt, Adrien Wing, said that Captain Melson grew up in Brooklyn, attended Iowa College of Law and followed the military career paths of both her father and brother.
Back in Idaho, in 95-degree heat, the car had developed a troubling tendency to develop vapor lock, its liquid fuel turning gaseous and unusable, leaving me sweating and frantic at the roadside.
EBay, where used toys that have been recalled occasionally pop up for sale, recently began directing bidders to toy company recall lists.
Guards watching over Rashtrapati Bhavan, the stately sandstone president’s palace, are there as much to fend off the hundreds of monkeys that swing from the parapets as to contend with human intruders.
She did not say whether that meant the company would pursue an unsolicited bid for the company or walk away.
“Finally, we went so far over budget that we had to recoup some of the expenses by holding performances,” said Mr. Fink, whose mother made a donation to finish the ladies’ room.
Everybody started the campaign off together last week.
But making hectoring cellphone calls to your wife in front of a Zyclon B display, tooling around the crematories in a chauffeur-driven Mercedes, scheming for dollars by the ovens as Messer and his entourage do — well, I know it’s all to make a point, but with every word I winced, and seethed.
“I have never sweat that much in my life,” Levine said.
The formal announcement is set for Monday in Albany.
Yes, that might be pushing it.
(Sisario) NEKROMANTIX (Wednesday) Is it Halloween again so soon?
arrest and subsequent divorce from Jennifer Steinbrenner.
Seattle leads the American League wild-card race by two games over the Yankees.
“I have no family now.
The deeper valley was formed in 1992, when close to half a million people a week were filing jobless claims.
Currently, the association says, they account for nearly 70 percent of professors at colleges and universities, both public and private.
Which is also, of course, to say: I am not in Italy now, I am not that young man, what I am going to describe is long over.
Praca das Merces; 011-55-32-3355-1255; www.solardaponte.com.br ; doubles from about $95.
With temperatures at times near 90 in a school without air-conditioning, teachers had a habit of propping doors open to cool things down a bit, and wanted to know why bathroom doors could stay open but classroom doors could not.
At a recent rehearsal for the show, she sang songs with universal appeal: about a girl as pretty as the moon; about singing for a lover; about being happily in love.
CAMPS--Helen, died after a valiant battle.
In 2006 the diminutive Yorkshire terrier nosed the golden retriever out of second place on the American Kennel Club’s list of most popular breeds, behind the Labrador retriever.
Crowded conditions and high humidity also promote mildew.
The S.& P. housing report pushed shares of home builders lower.
Heaven is low on testosterone in the bleak but whimsical vision of Betty Shamieh, the author of “The Black Eyed,” a thoughtful but rambling new play that opened last night at New York Theater Workshop .
He also believed that most American workers were poorly served by the traditional collective-bargaining system.
The story involves an Arkansas man, Wayne DuMond, who was accused of kidnapping and raping a high school cheerleader in 1985.
Bank officials say a coffee-exporting country might do a commodities swap with the bank to protect itself against price fluctuations in coffee.
He then moves on to why we have sex with a range of artificial objects, from plain old white-bread vibrators to elaborate mechanical contraptions with names like the Thrillhammer and the Stallion XL.
After several high-profile recalls in 2006 as many products on the market failed to meet this standard the commission last fall began to send a team of investigators out to companies that import or sell children’s jewelry.
Judith Freeman has it bad.
Neither was offered a scholarship by Rutgers.
Exploring Hogwarts is so much fun that it takes a while to realize that there is not much of a game here.
About this, he writes: “Sometimes it’s too late to make a first impression.” Mr. Andoe’s teenage years were wild enough to leave some of his friends lost forever.
“He deserves whatever he gets,” Mr. Goldman said.
The charge for having the results of the test double-checked is $50.
The State University of New York nominated John B. Clark yesterday to be interim chancellor of its 64-campus system starting June 1.
Nanette Zakian, the president of a Pennsylvania company that distributes pool and spa accessories, said she had had a dream since childhood based on the indoor and outdoor pools at Hearst Castle in San Simeon, Calif.: “I wanted something amazing in tile.” She and her husband, Robert Zakian, an oriental rug dealer, hired Mr. Tisherman to build a pool at their home in Newtown Square, Pa.
This point was starkly illustrated in a world map published in the August issue of National Geographic entitled “Who Gives Parents a Break?” The data was provided by the “The Work, Family and Equity Index,” a report released in 2007 by researchers at Harvard and McGill.
Other players in the roll-up-and-go game include Car Shoe’s foldable boot for women ( www.bergdorfgoodman.com ) and Nike’s ultralight sneaker ( www.nikefree.com ).
By May 2005, Mr. Leo had moved into the same co-op building.
Other causes paled: car accidents (14 percent), window strikes (5 percent), dog-caused injuries (3 percent).
(“I smiled inwardly, knowing that the flower and I shared the same name.”) Peony is obsessed with “The Peony Pavilion” even before her life starts to mimic its plotline.
Admission is $9; students and those 65 and older, $7; members and children 12 and under, free.
The Agriculture Department for years publicly listed Social Security numbers of tens of thousands of people who received financial aid from two of its agencies, raising concerns about identity theft and other privacy violations.
Magazines that were bundled in ways that reduced work for the post office got a price break; magazines that didn’t had to pay a higher percentage.
Good deans also understand their institutional responsibilities.
But now that the economy is stronger, the hotel companies have been working to cut out the middleman.
Kleynkunst teaters (little art houses) thrived during this vibrant period, offering irreverent, politically charged Yiddish cabaret that drew from a variety of sources, including Weimar cabaret, Russian folk music, jazz, tango and traditional cantorial music.
Maybe, in a very fussy restaurant.
Mr. Nasir said he spent as many as two evenings a week with the imam, Dr. Yehia Yousif, who has since fled to Saudi Arabia.
With the backing of Clear Channel, Premiere is thought to be relatively stable, although the company does not break out the unit’s earnings.
Cherished greatgrandfather of Pacey, Jack, Sydney, Ella and Hannah.
“From the very beginning they were hungry for us.” But the bulk of that rapidly urbanizing, discretionary-income-wielding audience might not be terribly hungry for foreign music.
The puzzled Callas supposedly asked later, “How can I possibly sing a role that begins with the words ‘too many sauces?’ ” If not apocryphal, Callas’s demurral must have been the first sour rejection of a work oversold at its premiere and unfairly pilloried by posterity.
You can’t begrudge the movie-loving public a great story line.
Because here’s the thing about the theory of reference: Versions of both views — Kripke’s and the one he was challenging — have plentiful adherents among philosophers.
The device is an apt symbol for Fez, a city whose cracked and dusty streets hide all manner of beautiful and forlorn relics.
And just hours before the talks, Iran’s president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , repeated his vow to never give in on that issue.
Now running some $144 million over its $592 million budget and months behind schedule, the project is notorious for its deficient, unsafe construction, some of which has come under criminal investigation .
Genetic matches will be posted on my results page — and then I will be able to e-mail like-minded historians to ask for more help solving the family-tree puzzle — so with luck I won’t have to be a detective alone for long.
Mr. Giuliani foolishly insisted, against expert advice, on placing New York City’s state-of-the-art emergency command center on the 27th floor of a 47-story building that was known to be a terror target and that was destroyed in the World Trade Center attack.
A Manhattan lawyer pleaded guilty yesterday in State Supreme Court to obtaining clients in personal injury cases from a go-between and lying to the state Office of Court Administration to hide the arrangement, prosecutors said.
Mr. Kirchner, who sat behind her, stood as supporters chanted “Olé Olé, Olé, Nestor, Nestor!” He raised her arm.
Donors also prefer to earmark funds for specific purposes, like combating H.I.V.
Loving wife of the late Henry Hecht, mother and friend of Judith Gutlerner and Tema Hecht, grandmother of Orin and Jed Gutlerner, great-grandmother of Lilah Sue Gutlerner, mother-in-law of Larry Gutlerner and Richard Bostwick.
He was sentenced to death in 1996 for murdering Kristin Huggins, 22, of Lower Makefield, Pa., after kidnapping and raping her in 1992.
“Can you imagine a sales meeting where you go to one of the new sophisticated video rooms and hear the spiel in one hour, compared to attending a meeting in a remote location?
They have required reinforcement by special steel pillars that hold in place chain-link fencing to capture any coal as it crumbles off the walls.
When the Fed voted last week to leave its benchmark short-term interest rate unchanged, it said that above all else, it was concerned that inflation would not ease in the months ahead.
Liquidity Services, 5.6 million shares.
Dombrowski expects to be able to trade Monroe within the allotted 10 days.
Mr. Nader said he would wait until the fall to decide.
The company said yesterday that Zoe Cruz, a co-president who oversaw all the firm’s trading and risk operations, would retire, effective immediately.
Under his plea agreement, he has been encouraged to aid Mitchell, and presumably provide names.
One day my agent called and said that Ed Harris wanted to make a movie out of it.
The ads are filled with images like Volkswagen buses festooned with groovy graffiti, daisies and other power flowers, peace signs, psychedelic drawings in DayGlo colors and hair, long beautiful hair, shining, gleaming, streaming, flaxen, waxen (to quote a lyric from the era).
He was wheeled down a long ramp, then through two wide doors into a receiving room filled with equipment and beds and decorated with a street sign that reads, “Chopper Boulevard.” Governor Corzine underwent a second operation here Saturday morning, an hourlong procedure to clean the wound around his badly broken thigh bone.
While most of the work here doesn’t address commercial concerns, two works cross over in their own ways.
(A. O. Scott) ★ ‘BEFORE THE DEVIL KNOWS YOU’RE DEAD’ (R, 1:56) Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke play two desperate brothers whose scheme to rob their parents’ jewelry store goes terribly wrong.
“It definitely helped bring the vegetables to the table at home.” Zachary’s favorite new vegetable?
In July, American Standard spun off its braking systems maker, Wabco.
“You know politics does not come easily to me,” she says.
Matekoni, Mma Ramotswe’s shy suitor.
If there was more to Bob’s love, you won’t find it here, despite a coy bathtub scene that finds James luxuriating in milky water while the younger man hovers uncertainly nearby.
A large part of the British Army was stationed in Canada to protect it from its southern neighbor, and with good reason.
Of those who said Afghanistan was headed in the right direction, 39 percent said reconstruction was the biggest factor and 34 percent cited good security.
That’s a genuine emotion, and then you love what you do, and you want to share it with the world, and then people say: ‘Well, you’ve got to do this this this this this.
But now the invisible hand is being asked to account for what it has wrought.
Now, as the parties prepare for their next Supreme Court confrontation later this fall, the arguments have come full circle to where they began: over the role of the federal courts.
“If your total budget is $5,000, divide it up and buy six pieces for around $800.
PHOTOS: Nov. 5: The New York Public Library had its annual dinner naming Library Lions at the Fifth Avenue library.
It is like a little piece of California in Connecticut, timed appropriately to coincide with the warmer months.
His players, for all their distinct and inimitable personalities, often take a cue from him on how to react.
Searching carefully one day, along the base of a stone wall, I did finally find a few empty caps, but none were in sight when these tall and narrow acorns first appeared about a month ago.
In most, the young patients were fine after removal of the obstructions.
He took on the “big questions” about the human condition: God, faith, desire, doubt, despair, death and, above all, love and its fragility.
The prize went, of course, to Charles Lindbergh, whose grandson, Erik Lindbergh, is on the X Prize Foundation board.
They also represent a less compelling application of computer-generated imagery than all those empty avenues and silent buildings.
“Both teams played in the wind,” Giants Coach Tom Coughlin said.
That these examples were lauded here perhaps speaks to our general sense that we will always be somewhat d?ass?I definitely think Mr. Fry is on to something.
“Being with an airplane is the thing that makes me happy.” She has flown on the shuttle twice before, in 2000 and 2002.
In the kid world, too nice equals way nerdy; in the grown-up world, too naughty translates to, well, Ritalin.
She had told me about them, too — certain transgressions.
A meeting between Shiite Arab leaders, including Mr. Maliki, and Kurdish leaders was not attended by the head of the largest Sunni Arab party, Vice President Tareq al-Hashemi.
In the statement, Cordis also quoted Dr. Peter Juni, a Swiss biostatistics expert who was one of the study’s authors, as saying the data showed Cypher to be clinically superior to both bare-metal stents and Taxus.
An hour ago, the grasses on the river’s edge were bright as lichen.
But she wasn’t an agent, or even a developmental.
The Homeland Security Department announced on Friday that it was sending the warning letters to about 150 landowners from Texas to California who have refused to grant access.
Unlike some young players who dedicate themselves to chess, but who are not as talented, Carlsen is a full-time student.
Set in the warmth and light of Southern California and told in tactile and olfactory prose, it was grounded on two subjects she obviously knew well: Arab-American communities and cooking.
Against the Redskins, Burress had no first-half catches and the Giants trailed, 17-3.
A. I do recommend a written agreement.
What he discovered ended his marriage.
Our deepest condolences to Susan, Lou, Zack and Emma.
They growled at each other as play was stopped, then dropped their gloves.
Why, they have pondered for nearly three decades, should they share a ZIP code (11385) with Ridgewood?
Between-period routine: Change my shirt.
The final two kilometers is perilously steep, twisting and turning, making it impossible to tell how much farther you have to go.
Classical Daniel J. Wakin The NEW YORK CITY OPERA backs into its full-price season on Sunday with a matinee performance of Puccini's ''La Boh?''
Unusual side effects — including hallucinations and disorientation — showed up in the studies.
The firm declined to answer any questions.
“There’s no Q. and A. protocol,” Solomon replied.
During the visit, Mr. Calderón flew over the city, where red-tiled rooftops were all that could be seen of many houses.
“We’re going to be the advocate for people ‘togetherizing,’” said Lori Senecal, New York general manager at McCann Erickson, using a made-up word to describe the campaign.
High-toned antiques dealers and his own far-flung travels are the source of the treasures in his Chelsea penthouse, and if you’re curious about how much they put him back, Mr. Hays, a fellow who is clearly confident in his investment skills, doesn’t mind telling you.
“Like it or not, everyone in Hollywood reads her,” said Brad Grey, the chief executive of Paramount and, like many executives, an occasional target of Ms. Finke’s scathing reports.
The other trainee, a 43-year-old named Vince McCarthy, was not at this session.
And for the social-minded, things were fairly normal on the race front.
On Michigan’s Upper Peninsula, where second-home buyers flock for summers on the lakes or winters on snowmobiles, the busiest sales months are from March to October.
In the first flight, 14 bombers and six supporting airplanes took off at midnight on Friday, Mr. Putin said, in remarks carried on state television.
60 Hot wings: Cut chicken wings into three sections; discard the tips.
“When my daughter told me about the homework, I looked at her and said, ‘You’ve got to be kidding me.
Jacksonville was already playing without starting center Brad Meester, who broke his right ankle two weeks ago and will miss at least the first three games of the season.
Tuesday at 8 p.m., Bowery Ballroom, 6 Delancey Street, near the Bowery, Lower East Side, (212) 533-2111, boweryballroom.com; $22.
“The ‘authentic’ Gypsy brass-band stuff is great, but it’s better to leave it to the masters,” he said.
But Judge Fischer said she found their arguments “completely lacking in credibility.” Mr. McTiernan, she added, had taken two years to make the 1987 movie “Predator” and left Wyoming to work on other projects more recently, and yet the ranch had somehow managed to survive.
The Cowboys were 3-3 at the time of the switch and went 6-4 the rest of the regular season.
It’s a downer, not funny.
The trainers are mostly retired civilian police officers from the United States who are paid up to $134,000 in Iraq and $118,000 in Afghanistan for a year of service.
“If the price of these resources continues to rise, we will be very happy we made these investments,” said Rich Beck, senior vice president for operations.
In a post-9/11 world, Mr. Arkin said, the likelihood of the United States’ engaging in another ground war like Iraq is very small.
Wildwater Ltd. (1251 Academy Road, Long Creek; 800-451-9972; www.wildwaterrafting.com) rents renovated cabins for $99 a night and offers rafting day trips for $69 to $119.
But when it comes to specific countries, the two organizations vary widely.
Wear them to cool down a chunky sweater, rough up a frothy dress or with a crisp shirt and jacket for a punk equestrian effect.
Cisco, the computer-networking giant, says it does not have a formal dress code because of its “philosophy of employee empowerment.” But the company expects employees “to use good business judgment in choosing appropriate attire,” said Robyn Jenkins Blum, a spokeswoman.
Shingo tries, with little luck, to connect with Saki.
After taking a 35-25 lead into halftime, Memphis stayed in control in the second half.
There are more than 240 brokers and agents in 46 states listing their properties through Cabela’s, including 12 brokers working internationally, according to David Nelson, the manager of Cabela’s Trophy Properties, which is based in Sidney, Neb.
The likelihood that Mr. Speaker might have infected other passengers is low, tuberculosis experts say, because the disease is not as contagious as illnesses like influenza .
The result was the Holy Modal Rounders, now celebrating their fifth decade of bouncy, bizarre music, substance abuse and rotating personnel.
“We understand that people are frustrated by how long the process takes,” said Shelby Hallmark, director of workers’ compensation programs at the Department of Labor.
We'll miss you so much.
At 6 feet 5 inches, Tuck would like to play at 268 pounds.
HESSERT--Richard Collings, 83, passed on May 23rd.
For more action, you might head to La Dolce Vita (Piazza del Carmine; 39-055-284-595; www.dolcevitaflorence.com ) and order a spritz (Aperol and prosecco) or a negroni (Campari, vermouth and gin).
But the A-list still has a few secret sources, especially beloved because you don't know about them.
Daily from noon to midnight.
“If you tell a house seller that a home value is preordained, the home seller is not going to seek someone to get the best price,” Mr. Dalton said.
That image may not mean much, but you’ll never forget it.
Officials of Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton's campaign said they expected to come in second in third-quarter money.
Among other triumphs, “Spider-Man 3” made $17 million in India, becoming the most successful Hollywood film in Indian history.
“You all should be out shopping!” For what it’s worth, Senator Barack Obama drew about 400 to the same hall the night before, and in a heavy snowstorm.
“The higher cost of housing in southern Nevada has created a disincentive to relocate there,” said Jeremy Aguero of Applied Analysis, an economic consulting firm in Las Vegas, “although more than 33 percent of the people who relocate to southern Nevada come from California, where housing prices are even higher.” Nevada’s state demographer, Jeff Hardcastle, said the decline in growth there might reflect the fact that no major new hotel-casinos had opened in Las Vegas.
But Wilcox has always been about more than broad comedy.
But the shows are not certain what kinds of rules the Writers Guild might try to impose on the hosts, both of whom are members of the union.
We’d have had some layoffs for sure.” As the United States heads into what many economists predict will be a substantial economic slowdown, the success of American firms in building sales abroad may cushion the blow.
While there, he said, he heard reports of civilian militias being formed, and observed that it was increasingly difficult to find health workers, livestock workers and trained professionals to distribute much-needed aid in the region, which now faces a drought.
Earlier this month, the Arco station on Fell Street at Divisadero, with gasoline for $3.35, was at the top of the list.
A notable one was the female lead in “The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp” (1943).
Both versions of the past, Heller suggests, contain a kernel of truth.
The seafood stew — in which curry took the foreground while saffron flickered in the background — had tough shellfish.
But it became one of the evening’s most expensive casualties.
Feldman's own life seems to be a testament to what can happen when one loses the balance between engaging with modern culture and a core commitment to Orthodox tradition and continuity, which so many others continue to maintain with dignity and much fulfillment.
He took two steps, leaned toward her and pointed at his chest.
Metaphysical leaps can be forgiven if the underlying melodramatic architecture is sound; this is why no one pushes too hard against the premises of “The Sixth Sense” or “The Others,” two movies whose blending of the creepy with the weepy “The Orphanage” recalls.
“We finally concluded that we couldn’t in good conscience make a recommendation to a company to spend the sort of money that is necessary,” Stapleton said.
But combined with several other injuries that kept players out of the game, like the habitually mending sore ankle on receiver Plaxico Burress, the injury report has thrown an uneasy pall over the Giants and their already suspect regular-season hopes.
Two terminals to be built off Massachusetts gained approval last year.
Or, as Freddie’s Mr. Piszel told me, “As long as house prices were going up, it cured all evils.” The securitization market for mortgages is almost dead, save for those guaranteed by Fannie and Freddie.
Works by Woodward, Ledger, Tavener, Joubert and Mathias.
When Kip at last finds himself talking to law enforcement officials and one female officer sounds motherly (“I think we’re being very fair”), Kip’s comeback is perfect.
Mayor Michael Bloomberg and his police commissioner, Ray Kelly, could easily pat each other on the back and call it a day.
TEHRAN THE instructor held up an unfurled green condom as she lectured a dozen brides-to-be on details of family planning.
Hidden behind an unmarked door at the back of a Boston convenience store that sells things like generic bleach and Jamaican soda, Bodega is the retail equivalent of a speakeasy (6 Clearway Street; www.bdgastore.com).
“The newest one that arrives is the hottest one, and that bloom can last from 6 to 18 months, depending on what else comes out.” Both the Sky and the Solstice are low-production, niche vehicles that are worth more to G.M.
Teams seeded 9 through 16 will meet on the first day.
You kind of miss that actually.” Resuming family life after a deployment is just one of the challenges facing soldiers and their families.
He has also had to abandon plans for a pipeline to transport natural gas across South America after encountering resistance from environmental groups.
Privé , a members-only nightclub complete with rose-petal-adorned wading pools, is another popular gathering place of the elite.
General Abizaid said he received a classified message on April 29, 2004, saying Corporal Tillman, a professional football player who quit after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks to become an Army Ranger, may have been killed by American fire in April 2004, and not in combat, as the Army had publicly stated.
At 7:30 p.m., Zankel Hall, Carnegie Hall, (212) 247-7800, carnegiehall.org; $28 to $40.
Aretha Franklin had returned to New York City late after a concert in New Jersey, and the morning had been too busy for maid service.
While most of the newer E.T.F.’s use derivative instruments to track indexes, StreetTracks Gold Shares, from State Street Global Advisors, started trading in 2004 and is backed by actual bars of gold in a vault in London.
Dec. 8 at 4 p.m. $6 and $8.
Turkey needs a secure border with Iraq.
Contributions may be made to Mazon, The Jewish Response to Hunger.
Devoted mother-in-law to Marc Alpert and Sergei Lobanov-Rostovsky.
“Alice” of course saves the best for last: Mrs. Longworth was renowned in her dotage as one of Washington’s most outspoken and incorrigible characters, and as a ubiquitous figure on the political scene.
The Zimbabwe Independent, one of the few newspapers not under government ownership, reported that the price cuts had cost the government 13 trillion Zimbabwe dollars in lost tax revenue.
They included Phillip Willis III, 73, a retired Navy officer, from Pasco County, Fla., and Thomas Kayser, 64, of Independence, Iowa, a retired John Deere machinist, who soon died from their exposures, medical records show.
All in all, Mrs. Seelig said, the renovation took 18 months.
“That’s been my number — 20 and above,” Torre said.
“I had one that would just fly at you, and I would have to carry a rake to protect myself.” An organization called Farm Sanctuary delivered the turkeys to Ms. Lane and Ms. Oeh.
None carried a beer, because fans at this game were not allowed to drink alcohol while sitting in the stands.
“They’ve grown up believing in the orbiting eye, the subdermal microchip, the circling drone, and they’re no more afraid of them than they are of moonlight.
But she also has roots in ski-mad Austria.
For the last two years, Foote has been living full time in Pacific Palisades with his daughter, the actress and producer Hallie Foote, and her husband, the actor and writer Devon Abner.
If there is a secret to the smash success of Nintendo’s Wii video game console, it may be this: even the creative loner can benefit from having friends.
There was something decidedly old-fashioned about the festival, as if everyone had agreed to turn the clock back 50 years for a few days.
“Otherwise, you will close businesses.” “We will out-conservation California,” she added.
Shulman is the first to step out of the funicular (which Lauren refers to as the “hillevator”) that transports guests up to the house.
“We are very likely to see home sales continue to drop,” said Ethan S. Harris, chief economist at Lehman Brothers Holdings in New York, who accurately predicted the number.
Dec. 15 at 8 p.m. $65.
“The concept of Dirigo, I think, is phenomenal,” Ms. Gregory said.
Mr. Biscotti got a lesser sum, $31,041, for operations that he and wife had supposedly undergone, prosecutors say.
“If you are unhappy for the same reasons day after day, year after year, that is a bad sign.” ¶You haven’t been promoted in three years.
“They were like, ‘Why didn’t you tell us it could look like this?’ ”
They can also be screened more frequently for early detection.
He said that is less than most cellphone providers, who on average charge roughly $1.50 a minute for outgoing and incoming calls.
What we see is really only the tip of the iceberg.” A report released in July by the federal State Department, “Pursuing a Dream and Finding a Nightmare,” said the exploitation of women as domestic workers in the United States and abroad was a crime that has “largely gone unpunished for too long.” The report, written by research staff in the department’s Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons, underlined the government’s concern for “unskilled women from developing countries, particularly women working as domestics,” who it said often “fall victim to conditions of servitude in developed destination countries, including the United States.” Jodi Bobb, a U.S. Justice Department spokeswoman, said the Long Island slavery case was one of about 100 prosecutions for involuntary servitude or labor trafficking since passage of the 2000 anti-trafficking law.
“If it’s in the first category, it’s possibly good.
Perhaps not coincidentally, their visits tended to be longer.
I sexually offended against a 10-year-old boy; I made him lick my penis three times.” Sex-offender therapy for juveniles was a new field in the 1980s, and Longo, like other therapists, was basing his practices on what he knew: the adult sex-offender-treatment models.
He has been sacked 17 times this season and the Falcons’ rebuilt offensive line will be matched against a fierce Giants pass rush.
In a way, both the men’s and women’s races in Berlin seemed like glorified time trials, with the runners taking advantage of the pacemakers to reach their goals.
Last year, the company introduced a smaller, desk-friendly version of the multijointed metal lamp, which is still assembled by hand.
At the highest level, they stick to their own framework.” The analysts also warned that Ms. Bhutto, who has been advised by American officials not to rule out an agreement with General Musharraf, might taint herself by associating too closely with him.
The solo projects on the second floor, by the homegrown talent Hernan Bas and the recently rediscovered collage artist John Stezaker, are better.
As Brenda Brenneman, a graphic artist from Lone Tree, Iowa, gushed, “If ‘This Week With George Stephanopoulos’ wasn’t on, I wouldn’t get out of bed on Sunday morning.” Talk radio, still a hugely influential medium, even reaches farmers out in the fields, whose tractors often come equipped with satellite radio.
“However, I don’t think this should be at the expense of the paying guests.” There is little a guest can do to avoid group events except to try to get as much information as possible in advance.
In yet another effort, Michael D. Eisner, formerly chief executive of the Walt Disney Company, provided financing through his Vuguru production firm for a Web series called “Prom Queen,” whose makers were helped along by Mr. Weinstein’s online unit at United Talent.
The governor said federal officials accepted a state proposal that would allow people who are working to apply for food stamps online and bypass a face-to-face interview, which had been required to qualify.
No summer passes without my making several batches of tomato confit, which will keep for a week or two in the fridge or a month in the freezer.
Jurors found Jerry Baldwin’s race was a reason, but not the only one, he lost the job.
He captured the Williamsburg, Manhattan and Queensboro Bridges just as construction was completed and the subways tracks were being laid.
These small battles of one-upmanship are the fabric of existence for Max; his brother, Sam ( Michael McKean ); and Max’s two grown sons who still live with him, Lenny (Mr. Esparza) and Joey (Gareth Saxe).
We will miss you Ken.
When a colony is ready to move to a new hive, for example, about three dozen scout bees appraise the local real estate, consult with one another and with other workers and finally, communally, settle on the best new spot.
THE BAR Full bar, with many specialty drinks.
That includes the war, the economy, health care, education, immigration, you name it.
President Hu Jintao has pushed through a series of measures under the slogan of “scientific development” that aim to strengthen central regulators and economic planners, reduce abuses of low-wage workers, and protect the degraded environment.
NEXT month Dance Theater Workshop is remounting Miguel Gutierrez’s enthralling “Everyone,” seen at the Henry Street Settlement in March.
“He did break a computer and throw a stool, but there was no gesture suggesting that he intended to fight anybody.
What did you think when you heard he won?
“I mean, it’s easy to get cynical in this world; there’s a lot that’s going wrong.
But shortly after he made that decision, his state regulators imposed their own restrictions on such emissions.
In the long run, he argued, greater openness would make monetary policy more effective.
In addition to Tranny Talent, he has revived his naughty Gay Bingo night, on the third Sunday of each month, at Corbet Place (Ely's Yard at 15 Hanbury Street, 44-20-7770-6028).
Visits from their 7 children and 13 grandchildren help.
No other barbecue place that has opened in New York in recent years has gotten it so right, right out of the gate.
He is proud of his city’s tourist slogan: “What happens here, stays here.” Back in the ’90s, Las Vegas tried hard to promote a family-friendly image.
Rest in peace, Lotte, knowing that your work is done.
Then there were her rages.
“The more connected you are, the better your health and outlook.” The organization will draw the line at some requests.
That afternoon violence by militants forced her to seek refuge at a church, violence that would become mass killings.
Mr. Chiu admits that he was a subpar student at Franklin D. Roosevelt High School in Bensonhurst — a victim, he said, of his own laziness.
As geographical boundaries are broken down, “a problem in one location is a problem everywhere,” said Dick Bryan, a professor of economics at the University of Sydney.
Risk today depends upon the consequences of what somebody else will do, not on what God or nature will provide.
Mr. Olivera wore Belleek vases on his brow like horns.
Some 4,000 pairs of vintage shoes are catalogued, bar-coded and stowed in acid-free boxes, and there is room for an additional 9,000 pairs.
Earlier this week, as Mr. Mills, now 57, walked down West Fourth Street and stopped at the corner of Jones Street, he explained how the question — whatever happened to Poez?
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, which is based in Paris, projects that Denmark’s growth rate will fall to an annual rate of slightly more than 1 percent for the five years beginning in 2009, reflecting a dwindling supply of a vital input for any economy: labor.
M. Nora Klaver, whose book “MayDay!
The Mets also declined their options on second baseman José Valentín and pitcher Brian Lawrence and sent infielder David Newhan and pitcher Dave Williams to Class AAA New Orleans.
My question — “Do you carry security needles?” — drew blank stares.
Gran Turismo 5, a hyper-realistic, high-speed racing game, is one of the most anticipated games for the PlayStation 3 console from Sony, which starts at $399.
Originally a board member with Community Hospital at Glen Cove, he worked diligently to bring the hospital together with North Shore University Hospital in 1990; as a trustee of the North Shore Health System, he helped pave the way for its merger with LIJ Medical Center in 1997, creating the North Shore-LIJ Health System.
“I think they’re all in service,” she said.
Mr. Hill, a planner and a senior aide to Mayor Bill Haslam, said the development on both sides of the Tennessee River is what city leaders and residents envisioned.
During Hill Hour (weeknights from 4 till 7), it dishes up plates of steaming Prince Edward Island mussels (8 Canadian dollars, or $7.41 at 1.08 Canadian dollars to the U.S. dollar), fresh Malpeque oysters and jumbo shrimp (both 1 Canadian dollar each) from Ottawa's largest bar cru.
East Carolina did not get past the Virginia Tech 34-yard line after that.
How would I face myself?
And given the chaotic state of air travel these days with packed planes and excruciating flight delays, the island with a nonstop flight from your hometown often has the edge.
AMENITIES A golf course and a casino, among others.
Some of the advice may come as a distressing surprise to women, who may be fond of foods or drinks that could endanger their pregnancy.
“But for the president and the Bush Republicans in the Senate,” said Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the majority leader, “we could have accomplished so much more.”
Religion, DiIulio emphasizes, is a good thing, offering lots of social and even health benefits.
Same old.” Asked if Clemens would make the start, General Manager Brian Cashman said, “He’s lined up as of right now.” Clemens, 45, has battled leg and groin muscle problems in recent years, but his arm has stayed remarkably durable over his 24-year career.
The United States allowed two goals with Wambach off the field — one on a mistake by goalkeeper Hope Solo — and then rallied for a 2-2 tie Tuesday in its opener at the Women’s World Cup.
It was unclear where the convoy was headed, or whether it carried any American officials.
The former judge, Gerald Garson, was convicted in April of accepting bribes to manipulate the outcome of matrimonial cases in his Brooklyn court.
“I did not know I was going to be on a bus, but you kind of expect it on weekends,” said Shamiyah Brown, 27, who rode the shuttle bus with her seven children and her niece on Saturday.
How about a German with long curly locks winning her third title in the women’s discus at age 39?
What’s the point?” Even Democrats who support other candidates admit, grudgingly, that Edwards’s proposals would very likely have some measurable impact on American poverty.
He lost the battle but gave himself a consolation prize.
“Replacing and restructuring with modern materials seems to make the most sense.” Mr. Ettore said his reconstruction plans would widen the bridge’s two 10-foot lanes to 12 feet and create a two-foot shoulder for each lane.
The rookie quarterback Trent Edwards briefly won the starting job from J. P. Losman before losing it when he was injured, which has necessitated a regular Tuesday statement from Jauron about who would be starting (it is Losman this week).
She graduated from Wagner College.
People with Williams rarely win full acceptance into groups other than their own.
And he not only admitted it, he bragged about it on his blog ( charkinblog.macmillan.com ).
The youthful ensembles also frequently have more time to rehearse than most professional orchestras, which is certainly necessary to play Mozart well.
30 product screens 97 percent.
I wish, however, that someone had criticized — and persuaded Beschloss to alter — his prose style.
Stephen Clark followed a different course.
Open Monday to Wednesday, 7 a.m. to 1 p.m.; Thursday, 7 a.m. to 3 p.m.; Friday and Saturday, 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. No credit cards accepted.
“All of us at the Mets are bitterly disappointed in failing to achieve our collective goal of building upon last year’s success,” Wilpon said in the statement.
She usually dedicates time on the weekend for her art, but also suggested using time early in the morning or in the evening, after children are in bed.
The tale, briefly: The critters of Rabbit Hill have endured a harsh spell with poor stewards of the land who ruled with traps, guns and poisons and let the lawns and gardens sink to ruin.
There is no mistaking the influence of MoveOn.org , with its 3.2 million members and powerful fund-raising apparatus, within the Democratic Party.
After all, this is a city long accustomed to patience when it comes to the Saints, who have provided only eight winning seasons and two playoff victories in their previous 40 years of existence.
Quality time could be the best preventative measure for keeping torn mammoth tusks from littering the floor of the bedroom.
“That would have less impact on McDonald’s, because they are everywhere,” he said, but many family-oriented restaurant chains could lose business if families took fewer road trips.
He killed six people and injured seven, mostly in Queens and the Bronx, before being captured.
Nearby, the El Fidel Hotel was built in the early 1920s and is still a good place to stay.
I didn’t want to push the issue.
VEGA--Lorenzo, of Manhattan, died Friday May 18th at age 43.
One Manhattan real estate agent said the fear was already weighing on some clients’ minds.
“People running for their lives are part of the story that is left to us” because “they take us beyond the hard numbers of dead and missing and give us a glimpse of elevated being.” An event like 9/11 cannot be bent to “the mercies of analogy or simile.” Primal terror — “the cellphones, the lost shoes, the handkerchiefs mashed in the faces of running men and women” — has to take precedence over politics, history and religion.
started an informal inquiry into Apollo’s stock options grants on June 30, 2006.
Grandfather of Katherine, Jack, Bridget, Elizabeth, Caroline and Colin.
Mr. Fenjves said: “I find it completely unnecessary to defend myself against this man.
“But it also depends on how good they are.
Then, when West played another heart, South would have to use dummy’s ace to swallow his king, cash the rest of the clubs and play a spade to his king.
If another woman has been lined up for future conducting dates, Peter Gelb, the Met’s general manager, has not announced it.
America was an overwhelmingly agrarian society, but politicians urgently debated its proper economic destiny.
Writers want such payments increased, and have proposed a structure for compensation when movies and shows are distributed on the Internet or through other forms of new media.
“He said, ‘Rabbi, did you see the swastika on the steps?’ and I thought he was kidding,” the rabbi said.
Early in the series’s first season, in 2002, the producers rented the Hammerstein Ballroom in New York City for a performance by Elton John and Ryan Adams.
Jennifer Sarah George and Major Kenneth George Heckel were married yesterday at the OceanCliff Hotel in Newport, R.I.
His arm, sewn together from palm to elbow, is an indisputably gruesome sight, but it’s not even close to being the hardest thing to look at in this unflinching documentary.
I wasn’t spending all my time making tiny doll clothes — no, I was learning a life skill.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 4.17 percent, from 4.23 percent the previous week.
She takes up with the Korean-American father (Stephen Park) of one of Hal’s classmates (Aaron Yoo) until that relationship also ends in an explosion.
Inspired by Dorrington, he figured he’d plant vines, too.
That is a sad thing to say about a program that includes the German Requiem.
You may be threatening the very performance of the economy and driving up the unemployment rate — provided that many others behave in a similar way.
After half of the 96 boards, U.S.A.-1 led by 142 international match points to 36.
In an age when travel is easier than it has ever been, and technology increasingly helpful to the historical sleuth, it is possible — with the solace of a half-decent publisher’s advance — to visit battlefields and archives around the world, and then to produce a book containing genuinely new material and perspectives.
“I guess I do have the feeling that I’d like to have those kinds of skills for one day,” he said.
In 2004, he gave $25 million to found a science museum at the National Academy of Sciences in Washington.
She did not react positively.
British Airways has adopted a new, simplified piece policy as of Feb. 13.
Just tell me what to look for,’ ” Hernandez added.
Mr. Kosugi is an enterprising chef.
But lawmakers from both houses showed far less patience.
“This is the first time there has ever been an evacuation,” said Ibu Misyen, a 40-year-old grandmother who has lived through three eruptions.
Liberty Island was closed to the public after the 9/11 attacks.
A notable success story for the third quarter was the CGM Realty fund, which had a return of 11 percent; it was up 27.24 percent for the first nine months.
“I’d say the best way to sum it up in the apartment market is to say there are short-term challenges,” said Jay Crotty, a respected Tampa real estate investment adviser who has represented Rodriguez in transactions.
RIDGEWOOD Kasschau Memorial Shell Phil Amarante and Manhattan Jazz, swing.
His father is an author whose novels include “The Car Thief” (Random House, 1972) and “Harbor Lights” (Atlantic Monthly Press, 2000).
Kimpton Hotels, for example, is turning a former Holiday Inn on King Street into Hotel Monaco.
Love Bobo.” To Diana she wrote about having lunch with Hitler: “He held my hand most of the time & looked sweet,” and called her Child “in his sympathetic way because he was so sorry about England & Germany being such enemies.” Her suicide attempt failed and left her brain-damaged; the letters she wrote afterward are painfully simple.
Both male and female cones also produce moderate quantities of a chemical, beta-myrcene, that attracts thrips.
The best way you deal with dictators, the best way you deal with tyrants and terrorists, you stand up to them.
A search warrant affidavit filed in Radomski’s case named some of Radomski’s clients, but those names were blackened out in the document.
80 years old of Verona, NJ, passed away August 22, 2007.
In the semifinals a combined Poland-Russia team defeated Australia 99 international match points to 77, and the Netherlands beat England 79 imps to 67.
Several states have mandated changes in school menus, increased physical education requirements and begun reporting students’ body mass index scores to parents.
“What is new is how Paul’s openness about his daily fund-raising data helped foster this surge,” said Andrew Rasiej, a co-founder of techPresident.com , a nonpartisan Web site that tracks the candidates’ use of technology.
I felt a flash of what I imagine an 8-year-old girl feels when she realizes someone has rearranged her stuffed animals without permission, before remembering I would soon be separating my little teddy bear from his extremities as I polished them off with the curries, noodles and sautés spread on the table before me.
Michael Burke, one of the grandest executives in sports, could not curb his enthusiasm, and somehow the title of the black Roger Maris was foisted on Robinson, expectations he could not fulfill.
If I die of cancer, at least I needn’t wonder if stretching, running and sliding on that field contributed to my demise.
The United Nations said that at least nine members of its staff were killed.
He’s always been a gentleman.” As a testament to Torre’s 12-year legacy with the Yankees and the way that he has been intertwined with the Red Sox, three of the first five questions that Francona fielded during a pregame news conference were about Torre.
In a crowded market,only Motorola and Research in Motionhave contracts with all of the majorcarriers — Verizon, AT&T, Nextel,Sprint PCS, T-Mobile and Alltel Wireless.
But he was bitten by the “make a difference bug” at Yale, had his social consciousness raised, earned a law degree from Stanford in 1977 and spent seven years specializing in school desegregation cases for the NAACP Legal leg and Educational Fund Inc. before joining Columbia Law School in 1985.
Stephen Talty, the author of “Mulatto America,” keeps “Empire of Blue Water” moving at a fast clip.
Mr. Qahtani was detained after Sept. 11, 2001, largely because of that coincidence and because he was taking flying lessons at the time.
Later there are women’s dress gloves imprinted with Lafayette’s image, the crumbling brown laurel wreath that was laid on Lafayette’s head at Yorktown, music by the black composer Francis Johnson that was played for Lafayette in Philadelphia, and souvenirs created by a growing commercial society that had discovered in Lafayette a key to its past and its future purpose.
Council Speaker Christine C. Quinn has declined to discuss the matter while the investigation continues.
"People are quick to blame the kicker," an executive with a National Football Conference team says.
But last week, after a neighbor complained of heavy smoke, village officials inspected the bus and ordered Rabbi Winternitz to shut it down.
“I have seen it take three months longer to sell a property when you can’t do an open house,” said Carolyn Levitan, a senior vice president at Bellmarc.
Yet genocide was not an inevitable consequence of total war.”
India’s population of 1.1 billion people still shops mainly at small, privately owned stores, like family-run tailors and corner vegetable stands.
The regents also said they would start placing more donation boxes around Smithsonian museums — the existing few bring in about $200,000 a year — and expand opportunities for donations online.
Other Yankees managers, notably Billy Martin, shouted publicly about Steinbrenner, but all that did was guarantee their dismissal.
“We keep digging a hole, and we try to dig out of it,” Gionta said.
Everybody is just doing what we usually do to try to win a game, and that is all we can do.” McKenzie said the mood at practice had not necessarily been lighter, but it had been more upbeat.
They had assembled to celebrate the opening of Mr. Wain’s movie, “The Ten,” an absurdist sketch-comedy riff on the Ten Commandments.
We always handled them with care and made them part of our Christmas decorations.” All this and more on one menu would overwhelm.
His singing was as nuanced and contrary as his characterization, elegantly dignified one moment, bullishly impulsive the next.
He has not fully embraced Bonds’s chase and stood, but did not applaud, when Bonds tied Aaron on Saturday.
Another special Spanish ham, jamón Ibérico de bellota, from pigs that forage for acorns, will not be available until summer because it requires longer curing.
“We’re dealing with development over many years,” Mr. Trimborn added.
Law enforcement authorities do their best to eliminate it and to protect citizens and tourists as well.
Not that I was doing any business with anybody at that point.
That’s a lower percentage than the numbers of girls who have taken part in choreography workshops at the School of American Ballet, affiliated with City Ballet (38 out of 89 students).
The draft House bill to renew the federal No Child Left Behind law came under sharp attack on Monday from civil rights groups and the nation’s largest teachers unions, the latest sign of how difficult it may be for Congress to pass the law this fall.
Massive hunks were swiftly downsized: from ham to steak slab to sushi sliver.
Her neighbors fled and she remained alone when Rela made a daytime raid earlier this year, she said.
She loves the ragtag shops of that area, with its independently owned everything-stores full of random gewgaws.
Then throw in publishing and film and some of the deals done there and you see a mogul who can legitimately tell his senior executives, as he recently did: “You all think I’m too old.
“If it’s a group that is split into factions, diffuse, not well integrated, then it is very hard to integrate the isolates,” he said.
His son Jacob, 8, plays button accordion, and his version of the polka war horse “Apples, Peaches, Pumpkin Pie” has become a popular feature at the band’s shows.
The site had been a vacant lot since the mid-1980s, when fire destroyed a small office building.
When teams with names like the Indians, the Redskins or the Chiefs appeared in high-profile contests, he was often there to protest.
Of course — you mean you haven’t tried it?
They watch my ditch digging with their own individual expressions of incomprehension and pity.
Dismissing reductive ideas like the thesis that capitalism and imperialism collided to create a war that would benefit both, he shows how one misstep led to another, how fear yielded miscalculations, how national pride and arrogance created such poisonous conditions.
To the Editor: Re “The Pilotless Plane that Only Looks Like Child’s Play” (April 15), about unmanned aerial vehicles used by the military: The Air Force is not desiring to “control the deployment of unmanned airplanes,” as the article said, but is recommending that it be designated the Department of Defense executive agent to oversee the purchasing process for medium- and high-altitude U.A.V.’s.
Also survived by fourteen loving great-grandchildren.
To his credit, though, Scruton is the only contributor who makes inebriation the focal point of his discussion.
Those include his advocacy on behalf of refugees in Sudan and North Korea, which led him to reach across the aisle to work with Senator Edward M. Kennedy; his legislation on sex trafficking, which paired him with Senator Paul Wellstone, a liberal Minnesota Democrat who died in 2002; and his focus on improving the prison system, which helps explain the night he spent in Angola State Prison in Louisiana soon after he announced his exploratory committee.
An uneasy combination of crime thriller, romantic melodrama and snuff film, it doesn’t ask us to suspend our disbelief so much as overcome our gag reflex.
BARACK OBAMA Senator from Illinois Should tell reporters he’s read “Behold the Man,” by Michael Moorcock: Obsessed with Messianic ideas, a man with issues about his lineage travels back in time to discover he is actually the Messiah.
“I would expect that what we’re going to do is the blueprint for a lot of cities in California, Arizona, Nevada — even the Carolinas and the Gulf states.
She also received $218 a month in public assistance, and $543.40 of the $731 monthly rent was paid by a city program to prevent evictions.
His nine should have indicated a singleton or a doubleton.
To them, leaving behind the dirt and danger of the big city for the quiet and calm of island life seemed natural.
They also provided Mr. Mailer with a means of filtering the chaotic events of the ’60s through the prism of his own combative, Whitmanesque ego.
“You know, I turned the dog-gone set off.
“I think a lot of people have a group of friends where every Saturday or Sunday morning they’ll go out for the $100 hamburger, the breakfast fly-out,” said Dave Sclair, a retired publisher of General Aviation News who now runs the Web site www.livingwithyourplane.com .
Lori Goldstein, the stylist, is in talks to work for the magazine.
During World War II he served as a Captain in the U.S. Air Force, Squadron 394.
Polenta with brasato and supple osso buco with the proper gremolada topping of lemon rind, parsley, garlic, and mashed anchovies could not be better.
I have a glass of highly acidic Diet Coke.
“I’ve got a lot of years to run still, and I’m not sure if I can do it outside,” she said.
He had become more outspoken in his criticism of his party and, just as important, he had amassed nearly $800,000 in campaign funds as of the end of September.
He also believes that a runner on second will automatically score on a single.
She refused to be photographed or to discuss the cats for fear of causing problems with her employer.
But he insisted on anonymity, saying: “They are ultimately going to start having sway.
But the plan fell through, he said, because Trinidad frowned on adoptions by single fathers.
Survived by wife of 58 years, Nancy.
But like sodas and sugary snacks, meat and dairy products also play a role in our children’s expanding waistlines.
Ms. Dandois had organized an exhibition of Empire furniture in 2000 in Paris that included those pieces and was surprised that they didn’t sell then.
“We want peace,” he said.
“We can use and install the top-of-the-line monitoring and fire-fighting systems, but at the same time violate the rules and block fire escape routes,” General Chupriyan said.
“What should I make next?” I asked.
This month there are offers like $7,000 on a 2007 Lincoln Town Car and $8,000 on a 2006 Saab 9-5 .
seasons, Sorgi is 66 of 102 passing for 683 yards with 5 touchdowns and 1 interception, which, incidentally, gives him a better passer rating (99.3) than Manning (94.4).
That also applies to hot preparations like burgers ($5 to $5.95), hot dogs ($2.75 to $3.95), beef chili ($3.50 a cup) and homemade soup (cups for $3).
That might be what qualifies as rust for the Patriots, because after that it was all New England.
I try to make sure it’s always the best, and if I’m not comfortable with it, I’m not getting it, I don’t care where it’s made.
Trevor Ariza added 15 points and 5 rebounds, and Bryant also had 5 assists for the Lakers, who dropped Minnesota to 2-14.
Delays on the Tuesday before Thanksgiving affected 3,124 flights, an increase of 65.9 percent; on Wednesday, 2,678 flights, up 21 percent; and on Sunday, 2,442 flights, up 14.1 percent.
It could not be a more difficult time for the party.
“China is making decisions today that will affect its energy use for the next 30 or 40 years,” he said.
Union and company negotiators held marathon bargaining meetings on concessions sought persistently by G.M., particularly in health care benefits, and the union’s equally firm effort to limit any harm to the benefits.
“What the U.S. government cares about above all is that the changes are orderly.” Since the dollar began declining again three weeks ago, the Treasury secretary, Henry M. Paulson Jr., has mentioned a strong dollar only once — on Sept. 21, in a trip to Canada, just as the American currency was dropping to parity against the Canadian dollar for the first time in three decades.
It’s just that plastic bottles move so much faster than glass, because the wind moves them so much quicker.” Mr. Henke said: “It’s true that plastic doesn’t break down like glass, which is made from sand.
It was their biggest daily percentage decline since Dec. 20, 2004, and the steepest drop yesterday in the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index.
“Usually in the past, the Fed overdoes it,” Mr. Baumohl said.
And there is simply no way you can spend that kind of money.
“I mean, the whole world in one night, in a sleigh, with reindeer — that’s just unbelievable.
As per Jon’s instructions, I knew I was supposed to lean into the rock to keep my kayak stable.
Please consider registering in the National Marrow Donor Program: 1-800-MARROW-2.
never recovered the 31 percent market share it held before the strike, and was forced to offer rebate deals to get customers back into showrooms.
“But the 20-year numbers suggest that this is a return to normal.” Individual investors should figure out how comfortable they are with the risks of their investments, while considering their financial circumstances and investment goals, advisers say.
Using information from these questionnaires and interviews, experts rated the men’s relationships with siblings during childhood and adolescence, and how well they were raised by each parent.
Acoustic came first, and it was a strong set, heavy on the mid-’70s, some songs seldom played: “Ambulance Blues,” “A Man Needs a Maid,” “No One Seems to Know,” “Harvest,” “Mellow My Mind,” “Love Art Blues.” Surrounded by a circle of guitars as well as a tack piano and a regular piano positioned on either side of the stage, and wearing paint-splattered clothes, he had the body language of casual deliberation, even though the tour’s set list has been fairly similar from night to night.
This is the second time that Kamsky, 33, has been this close.
A touch of hip-hop pushiness appears in just two songs.
In 2000, the nation only confronted the flaws in its voting technology after a presidential election was irreparably harmed.
“We have to take it.” Colliding Interests Dominican officials often say that the colliding interests that surround immigration are similar to those in the United States, but that poor countries like theirs have fewer resources to cope.
For nearly 18 months the data stream continued — more than 2,500 plates from what Mr. Bailey had quaintly named Mount Harvard — followed in the coming years by tens of thousands more from a second Peruvian station in Arequipa.
Given the time and words people like me spend measuring Mr. Maazel’s musical depth and its effect on this great orchestra, we should occasionally forget it all and listen afresh.
The stereotypes of Dustin Hoffman obsessively counting “Ten minutes to Wapner” in “Rain Man” or a child banging his head against a wall offer limited views.
She possessed an indomitable spirit and joie de vivre.
While the numbers were large, they did not raise red flags with the bank’s risk managers because they carried good credit ratings.
It also offers dental, mental health and basic care.
She delighted in the many people she met serving on the boards of, among others: Teacher's College of Columbia University (from which she earned a Master's in 1965); WNET-TV Channel 13; Riverdale Country Day School; the Public Social Policy Committee of the Federation of Protestant Welfare Agencies; and the New York City Park Association.
Since the 2001 war, American intelligence agencies had reported that the Taliban were so decimated they no longer posed a threat, according to two senior intelligence officials who reviewed the reports.
The nominees will be winnowed further in October, and the winner will be announced on Nov. 10 at a ceremony in Hong Kong.
And then there’s the so-called playground effect, to which even Nilsen’s own family succumbed.
Stanley P. Butchart, a test pilot who flew and helped evaluate early rocket-powered aircraft in the 1950s, when he and fellow researchers were able to push the speed of an airplane past Mach 2, died on Monday in Lancaster, Calif.
During his early days in London, Freud received no end of entreaties to let the project go.
You’re next!” With a budget of less than $400,000, Siegel finished the film in 23 days, but the post-production dragged on for months when Allied Artists complained about the odd mix of humor and horror, and the bleakness of the conclusion.
Oppenheimer & Company downgraded SanDisk, the world’s largest maker of cards that store pictures in digital cameras, to neutral from buy.
In a statement released by his lawyer, Dan Reidy, Mr. Fisher said, “I look forward to demonstrating in court that I did not violate the securities laws in any way whatsoever.” Ms. Halloran “has always acted properly,” said her lawyer, Ann Tighe.
Viggo Mortensen is magnetic and enigmatic as a Russian mobster who shows some signs of conscience.
“Like, my family and I never take a vacation, and I really want to take them to Busch Gardens.” Referring again to Mr. Scheer’s character, Mr. Daly inquired: “Could he puke projectile vomit and breathe fire over the whole crowd?” Mr. Huebel, dressed for no particular reason in gold-colored leg armor from the wardrobe department, beamed at his consultant.
Aetna said its billing records showed that 77 percent of colonoscopy patients in the New York metropolitan area were receiving the anesthetic, compared with 10 percent or less in other regions.
The team tied a franchise record for home runs in consecutive games, set in 1939 in a doubleheader against the Philadelphia Athletics.
She was a lady and knew how to conduct herself.
If Mr. Shah has his way, millions of tons of unwanted mail will go the way of pesky phone solicitations.
“We just don’t know.” All of which goes to show that like all emerging fields, evo-devo’s significance and the uniqueness of its contributions will continue to be reassessed.
Carlos Vallejos, the country’s health minister, dispatched 120 health officials on Tuesday to Ica, Pisco and Chincha to build outdoor latrines.
Right now, improving the quality of the water we drink requires extraordinary expense to improve the quality of the water we flush.
The guides generally agree on the quality of a number of the restaurants.
He had played in 104 of Boston’s 122 games entering last night’s game against the Angels.
The visa application process includes a security background check, which includes a check against names on the terrorism watch list, as well as a comparison of the applicant’s fingerprints and a digital photograph against databases of known or suspected terrorists and previous visa applicants.
Zankel Hall, where the group provided a three-hour crash course in contemporary German music on Saturday night as part of the Berlin in Lights festival, must have seemed positively conservative by comparison.
But the spate of retirements in his own state is a bit of a sore point.
Maybe even Microsoft can’t make mass storage simple — or sexy.
The men, Gregory Burrowes, 27, Jeremy Edwards, 20, Keon Gill, 21, and Ryan Carter, 20, are charged with robbery and assault, Mr. Brown said.
Revenue rose 9 percent, to $4.38 billion.
record 269 consecutive games, was sidelined with 10:18 left in the second after being hit by the blitzing reserve cornerback Nathan Jones as he released the ball.
In this case, transmitting electrons over the Internet costs consumers several times as much as mailing the bulky return.
MR. HUCKABEE: I'm going to be a lot more careful about everything I say, because I find that it gets amplified to a new level.
In the last few months, bottled water — generally considered a benign, even beneficial, product — has been increasingly portrayed as an environmental villain by city leaders, activist groups and the media.
Senator Christopher Dodd, the Connecticut Democrat, said he would put a personal hold on the compromise cooked up by Senator Rockefeller and the White House.
The Kremlin, Parliament and the chief federal prosecutor regularly promise reforms, yet little has changed, as even those in government circles concede.
The principal goal of the mission is to add the European Space Agency’s new Columbus laboratory to the growing station.
Photo: Seasonal floods across central and eastern Sudan have killed at least 20 people and left thousands homeless, the country's interior minister said yesterday, adding that more rain was forecast.
It was Arthur Jones that started that.” Arthur A. Jones was born in 1926 in Arkansas and was reared in Oklahoma.
“I had to leave everyone I loved.” Here illegally, suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder and serious depression, Ms. Palomino lived “like a ghost,” Ms. Duenas said.
An average of 21.2 million viewers watched the 90-minute competition, which included a dramatic fainting spell by the contestant Marie Osmond (above, with her dancing partner, Jonathan Roberts ).
In real life, she might get a warm glow by voting for a candidate who promised higher taxes to help the needy, but in this experiment she did not make any choice at all.
Roger Rahtz, M.D., President Philip Herschenfeld, M.D., Dean of Education
And what are the ones you just have to do?” She dug into the material with the screenwriters Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais.
But Mr. Putin’s latest speech also accompanied his acceptance of a new type of prominence: as the symbolic head of Russia’s dominant political party, United Russia.
shifted toward valuing speed over safety.
LUFTMAN--Walter, age 91, of Jupiter, FL.
I think as producers fine-tune their approach with this grape we’ll see the wines get better and better.
When he hears Amazon, he thinks of the jungle.
If the chemical bath is strong enough, the receiving spine bulges forward — strengthening the connection between the spines.
The tension is played out in their two-year effort to build a roomier, more elegant mosque 15 minutes north in the town of New Castle in a neighborhood between Ossining and Chappaqua.
With the next shoulder or elbow injury potentially an awkward pitch away, Brian Cashman, the general manager of the Yankees, offered no apologies for strictly monitoring Chamberlain’s usage.
Mr. Rechardt said he expected 40 national royalty collection agencies in the United States, Europe, Asia and Latin America to sign the agreement within the next few months.
The camera she had brought popped open.
Get there early if you plan to get a seat.
Depending on what has to be watered, Mr. Sganga said, different sprinkler heads can be used: for lawns, directional or rotary heads, and for flower beds, misting heads.
In doing so we turn our beloved stars into death masks, reminders of a film world long gone.
In return, the magazine has provided a simple, straightforward response: spend less.
11, built in 1908 and designed by Otto Strack for Edward Browning, a developer whose E. W. B. monogram is visible above the show window.
I still can’t get uninterrupted cellphone service between my home in Bethesda and my office in D.C.
But it’s valuable cultural history; you inevitably become less interested in these guys as musicians than as Texans, or even Americans, from a certain time in history.
Now they expect it to relieve their stress, to relieve their aches and pains, to provide comfort.
Indeed, we explicitly rejected this label as inaccurate and misleading, both because the lobby includes non-Jews like the Christian Zionists and because many Jewish Americans do not support the hard-line policies favored by its most powerful elements.
“We were totally naïve,” said Mr. Cossette, a purchasing agent for a warehouse company.
In others, one company in the battalion might focus on training while the remaining companies carry out combat operations with the Iraqis.
But Ortiz was serious when he was asked how the Red Sox had turned things around.
And, for the record, the Frosts say, their kitchen counters are concrete.
It would be unprofessional to let a subject see a reporter break down.
But as on Beck’s 2006 album, “The Information” (Interscope), direness lurks beneath the spangles.
There were only two possibilities under the circumstances: the buyers in the bond market did not know what they were doing, or our trust officer did not know what he was doing.
“I was looking to hold her appropriately accountable and to have that added public education and prevention piece in that disposition,” Ms. DiFiore said.
In the United States, a typical drink delivers about 12 grams to 14 grams of alcohol.
But holding my limp child up by the armpits, begging someone to call an ambulance, as the rest of the class watched — my younger child included, his hand being held by the instructor — came as close as I ever want to get.
“They’re saying, ‘We’ve had it, we’re going Jan. 15, we’re going to trump everyone,’ and that’s what they’re determined to do.” A move up by Michigan could set off a cascade of other moves.
has long asserted the independence and objectivity of its concussion committee; a league news release last month regarding its guidelines separated the committee into eight non-N.F.L.
Andrew M. Cuomo , attorney general of New York, said yesterday in a letter to Congress that his investigation of the student loan business had found “a significant number of lenders” that determine eligibility for private loans and set interest rates based in large part on the colleges the students attend rather than the borrowers’ credit-worthiness.
It covers a large part of New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Ohio, Virginia and West Virginia as well as Washington, D.C., a region where the department had determined that the existing electricity grid is overloaded and unreliable.
Though the four duets in “Sinatra Suite” — “Strangers in the Night,” “All the Way,” “That’s Life” and “My Way” — share several of the most striking features of their alternative setting in “Nine Sinatra Songs,” they are often different at least in inflection.
“We are trying to make the infrastructure more complete,” said Tsung-Tsong Wu, deputy minister of the National Science Council, which has a $1 billion annual budget.
The company’s philanthropy “has bought it a better image, and frankly, the silence of some powerful voices who would normally be expected to speak out about the tobacco public-health problem,” said Matthew L. Myers, president and chief executive of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, in Washington.
“I’d rather have him stay here.” Metropolitan Christopher, the head of the Serbian Orthodox church in the Midwest, spoke lovingly of the king.
The next day, Mr. Sanford’s wife, Angela Mickens-Sanford, 28, and their daughter LeShanti, 5, died.
In one significant way, Michael Vick is part of the values of middle America: He is another symptom of America’s major gambling jones.
The magazine and its Web site have written favorably of Mr. Romney.
You can almost see the wheels turn slowly in his head: “Jackalberry here, but Cassius over there.
Today, he backed it up with film.
But Various owns a variety of other social networks like Italianfriendfinder.com , gradfinder.com and bigchurch.com , which offers to help users “meet people who share the same spiritual beliefs as you.” “For now, we are holding on to everything,” Mr. Bell said.
Fish of Race and Ace said, some competitors are serious.
The North shut down its nuclear reactor at Yongbyon last month, and talks are continuing over its entire nuclear program.
“According to Michael and my reading of history,” he said, “many of the great creative projects in the world began with a single patron.” In retrospect , the real surprise is not that Govan eventually left Dia once the museum was built but that he stayed on for another three years.
Shares of Dell fell 8 cents yesterday to $29.97 after the deal was announced.
“And I had spent the whole day before cleaning — for them.” Mrs. Rivers attributes this tendency to her natural personality type: “I’m over-brimming with energy,” she said.
Restrictions limit exposure to hazards, but not the potential for them.
Ricardo R. Fernandez, President, Lehman College David H. Levey, Chair, Lehman College Foundation BIRGE--June (Rossbach) Bingham, 88.
“Hopefully this fight has shown the owners of Starrett City that Acorn and the Starrett tenants’ association will not let that happen.”
The banana split ($8) is pretty basic, but the stunning Manhattan skyline view is one heck of a bell or a whistle.
The typical Bansko vista was now of construction cranes first, then the mountains.
Nearly six years after the attack on the World Trade Center, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg has appointed a public relations specialist to coordinate New York City's response to the mounting health issues of people who were exposed to dust and smoke from the collapsed towers.
The transport minister, Ruth Kelly, left, told Parliament that personal information on three million candidates for British driver’s licenses was missing after an Iowa subsidiary of the government contractor for the written part of the learner’s permit test mislaid a computer hard drive.
The works form a rich cat’s cradle of intersecting meanings.
“Long before Reagan won the nomination, he had a 30-year investment in the conservative movement, and Thompson does not,” Mr. Shirley said.
In a stroke of either public relations genius or disaster, Leon M. Lederman, the former director of the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory, or Fermilab, referred to the Higgs as “the God particle” in the book of the same name he published with the science writer Dick Teresi in 1993.
Yes, and what could be the more perfect summer experience?
Global Insight, a forecasting firm in Lexington, Mass., on Thursday predicted that growth would be markedly slower for the third quarter of this year, and it reduced its forecast for all of 2007 to 1.9 percent from 2.1 percent.
Just as we had an upsurge in difficult westerns when we were struggling with Vietnam, now we’re struggling with Iraq, and so we are having the same upsurge.
As for managing the empty self-promoter in your midst, Ms. Ancowitz recommends taking the high road.
See your name in the press.” At issue is a list of hundreds of names of officers who have been subjects of multiple complaints by the public on abuses, including brutality and false arrests.
As a color and a concept, green will be unavoidable across NBC Universal ’s media properties this week, as network logos turn green, on-screen graphics offer tips for reducing carbon emissions and television episodes emphasize environmentally friendly plot lines.
When President Bush is asked what he plans to do when he leaves office, he often replies curtly: “I don’t have that much time to think beyond my presidency” or “I’m going to sprint to the finish.” But in an interview with a book author in the Oval Office one day last December, he daydreamed about the next phase of his life, when his time will be his own.
One of Mayo’s teammates, David Millar of Britain, was suspended from racing for two years after he acknowledged he used EPO.
He received $450, money that went to pay off parking tickets.
In addition to creating kangaroo courts to try the Guantánamo detainees, the bill permitted Mr. Bush to abrogate the Geneva Conventions by creating secret, extra-legal rules for interrogations by intelligence agents.
He ducked between two parked cars.
The National Park Foundation is about to roll out a new campaign to raise the rest of the money, but officials said that they were hoping to receive advice from Mr. Bloomberg, and that they also would not mind a donation from him.
On Monday, in San Antonio, they meet again as the top two teams in the Western Conference.
These two recent programs, however, were all Balanchine.
An unsettling national trend has hit home.
Though lenders object to the mandatory aspect of the program, Mr. Barry, who also sits on the Finance Committee, said banks had indicated their willingness to “work with me to make this a reality.” Surprisingly, one of the bill’s vocal opponents is the housing finance authority, the quasi-public agency charged with increasing access to homeownership.
The United States assistant Eddie Reese said that American coaches examined the footage of the takeoffs and declined to protest, and now Phelps will have to wait until next year’s Olympics in Beijing for another chance to win eight gold medals in the same major meet.
And the few banks that got it right, like Goldman Sachs, now face a sobering question: Will they be so agile next time?
You had reasons: You were convinced they would turn around in a year and sell it for even more to Time Warner, making the shareholders who sold to the Dolans look like chumps.
Outside bucolic Port Charlotte is the adventurous independent bottler Murray McDavid, founded by Mark Reynier, a former wine trader, and Simon Coughlin.
Lovingly remembered today and everyday.
In 1999, her grandfather died in a house fire, an event that she said helped bring on her depression.
I added a little of the liquid and simmered the mixture until the pasta was done.
“They gotta pay!” New York rappers — like New York nonrappers, perhaps — have long been known for their exquisite gruffness, and the LOX take this tradition to giddy (or grim) heights.
“This is one way there is equity in this presidential process because there are several candidates with alarmingly more money and resources than everyone else.” “It’s wrong,” Mr. Richardson said.
In that sense, it’s hard to say we are satisfied with the summit, but at least we are not dissatisfied.” For the North’s leadership, the declaration would yield the economic growth it is seeking without demanding the political change it fears.
Judge Hanson’s ruling on Thursday, and the fallout on Friday, have also raised once more the issue of same-sex marriage among the presidential candidates who devote so much time in this state leading up to its early caucuses.
And then finally the people are very engaging.
I could even imagine that the attacks let up a bit, but that may also have been because the squirrel took up carjacking.
Mr. Beer had announced his resignation in May, saying he would leave the Smithsonian when his contract ended in September.
Belmonte worked with an executive search firm to hire a coach to replace Joe DeSantis, who was the coach when the program moved to Division I from Division II for the 1998-99 season.
The online version is free.
When musicians set out to startle and amaze, they had better be aware that originality for its own sake has both virtues and limitations.
Before, banks counted on reselling their loans to buyout firms in the debt markets, quickly recouping their investment.
But if Thanksgiving is all about gratitude and memory, about emotions stacked onto other emotions, every one of the Thanksgiving dinners for the children and staff of the Reachout program in Haverstraw has stood out in its own way.
“The figures provided by different sources may underestimate the reality, as not all family members reported missing persons, fearing reprisal and severe punishment,” the report said.
“I had to do something,” he told The New York Times in 2006.
Sing of disappointment now, but fight for a future forever lovingly connected to the past.
Tour riders, by contrast, typically are racing again a month after the Tour and race as many as 100 times a year.
“Diet and light brands are actually health and wellness brands,” Mr. Isdell said.
“Battling a strong Cisco in the enterprise may prove increasingly difficult,” Mr. Sue said in a research note yesterday.
They can’t just decide they’re going to blow off the whole country of Pakistan, because it sits right next to Afghanistan, where there are some 26,000 U.S. and NATO troops.” The hand-wringing began even before General Musharraf imposed military rule.
Mr. Bauer said he had done some “beautiful bird-watching” from that vantage point, although he conceded he had never spotted a rabbit or deer on a rooftop.
“I want to make sure these people are kept at Guantánamo,” he said, and “not be given legal representation in this country.” Mr. Romney said he opposed torture but would not detail the interrogation techniques he found acceptable.
Once fully caked, your body is wrapped for what seems an eternity, as Yanni-like music lulls you into a state of heightened relaxation.
That’s good to hear.” Yankees Manager Joe Torre said Rizzuto would show up at Yankee Stadium with his fellow Hall of Famer Yogi Berra, asking enthusiastically to see Jeter.
The slow movement’s Lydian scale from ancient times (think of the key of F with B natural instead of B flat) creates soft cadential landings that have barely touched ground before they float off again.
Not to denigrate the migratory patterns of the super-rich, but most of New York stays right here in the summer.
Only Miss Skattergoods seemed cheerful.
Mr. Wierzel’s lighting also requires a special generator to be parked nearby.
He was testing the repairs he had made to the used craft and calibrating the net-and-weights apparatus he will use when he trawls for sole, sable and sand dabs off the central coast.
The letter, however, did not refer to a witch hunt.
In laboratory tests, the researchers found that after about 15 minutes of hopping, arthritic toads would cover less distance with each hop.
Last Saturday, state health officials began notifying 628 patients treated by Dr. Finkelstein from 2000 to 2005 that they should get tested.
Mr. Schiff’s wordless acknowledgment of its worth came in the elegance and respect he devoted to it on Sunday.
For one thing, there are a lot more workers: typically 25 on the day shift, 25 on the night shift, each crew punching in and out at a time clock just inside the entrance.
“I didn’t want to frighten her.” By the weekend’s conclusion, they had done little more than politely converse, and when she learned he would not be escorting her back to the airport they shared a chaste goodbye.
Admission to the Jeremiah O’Brien (Pier 45; 415-544-0100; www.ssjeremiahobrien.org ) costs $8.
This is probably because the harmonic rhythm (that is, the pace at which the harmonies that ground the music change) is often daringly slow.
Mentor, role model, inspiration for so many, he had an indelible influence on my life.
Choosing a career in ocean shipping, he decided to concentrate on transporting complex industrial equipment such as refinery components, power plants and other unusually large items.
Once the project is fully developed — Verdant plans to install as many as 300 turbines in the East River — it could generate enough electricity to power more than 8,000 homes and compete head-to-head with traditional sources, Mr. Taylor said.
“An amazing kind of day for us,” Mr. Huckabee said.
He also appears with Jay-Z on a recent remix of the 50 Cent single “I Get Money,” which they performed near the show’s end.
“We need to work with the Global Fund, not contradict each other.” Anjali Gopalan, executive director of the Naz Foundation (India) Trust, which runs an orphanage and fights stigmatization of AIDS victims, said she was skeptical of any estimate as low as two million.
“I don’t find that building very charming,” Mr. Harris said recently.
And his law office was lavishly filled with rare and unique artworks, many of which were collected as gifts from people he helped around the world.
Russians have kept London’s high-end real estate market buzzing.
My wife, who is from Argentina, was marveling at the egg sandwich and bagel options, which don’t exist in her country.
“There is a fine balance between academic work and making money,” he said.
But by the next morning, only $1,000 remained in her account, she said.
THE BAR A beautiful curved stone design, with seating; there are also a few tables for two.
All hard drives do pretty much the same thing: store and retrieve data.
But the American military in Tikrit said that four people were killed and 19 were wounded.
Officials and military officers gave speeches while platoons of marines stood at attention in the scorching sun.
The Ripps’ daughter, now a student at Vassar, heads for the house when the campus is too much with her; their 22-year-old son, now an illustrator and graphic designer in Manhattan, “complains that his life is too urban, and he goes up there to escape, too,” Mr. Ripp said.
The head has been in the museum’s collection since 1875, but there was no record of its provenance and no listing in the official inventory.
“My impression of Jon Bon Jovi is every time he’s been asked to help his state, he’s done it,” said former Gov.
During kitchen-table chats and late-night meltdowns, women as diverse as an Egyptian journalist and an Indian civil rights lawyer struggle to control their finances and their fertility.
“When DMX came out, he was rapping about the people,” he said.
But the compound also presents potentially serious problems for a novice like me.
Turkey has close relations with Israel, and Turkish officials have bristled at a recent statement by the Anti-Defamation League declaring that the killing of Armenians was “tantamount to genocide.” Some analysts said that given the complex relationships among Turkey, Iraq and the United States, Turkey would continue to consider military action a last resort.
In the statement, which was posted on his Web site, he also wrote about the state of Russia's judiciary and called for honest presidential elections next year.
With all that gear, word about the Whitebread is getting around, Mr. Lehnert said.
And last September on a warm afternoon, halfway between his lunch and dinner breaks, it was happening again.
This is where working-class Cariocas shop for everyday items like bargain clothes and patriotic green-and-yellow party streamers.
As they wait, they open another Mason jar filled with murky pit water, draw a sample and return to work.
Tim Brown, who broke his hand in a preseason scrimmage, did not play against Buffalo but is expected to be back for the Navy game, two weeks ahead of schedule.
But by January, temperatures dived.
Ceviche de atun moderna consisted of excellent sushi-style tuna chopped, in a surprising sweet-hot medley of coconut, pineapple and Serrano chile and prettily presented in half a coconut shell.
In the second half, having learned they could not beat Alabama’s linebackers to the corner, Colorado running backs spread out the Tide defense and cut back against the grain to pick up 5 or 6 yards at a time.
As much as he loved all of us, we love him even more.
Some of his colleagues have been through “scary experiences” like cancer, he said, and a question began to burn in their minds: How to create a community of Catholics living independently, where people could help take care of one another and still provide service to those in need?
“Do you get a silver cup for that?” “No, you get one of these,” Mr. Bancroft said, shaking hands with an imaginary person.
In 1977, he had a one man show at the National Arts Club, commemorating the ''Silver Jubilee'' of Queen Elizabeth II; with the Honourable Gordon Booth, C.M.G., C.V.O., her British Consul General.
An unusual program that allows Austrians to volunteer in Holocaust institutions in the United States in lieu of serving in the Austrian military has been disrupted because of difficulties in obtaining visas from the American government.
“It is a limited crisis as of now,” said Albert M. Wojnilower, a Wall Street economist.
The move caught both opponents and supporters by surprise.
It will be open through New Year’s Day, from noon to 3 p.m. (closed Christmas Day).
“The use of computers in modern life is totally ubiquitous,” said Barbara G. Ryder, a professor of computer science at Rutgers University.
Break down just once — have one smoke, one single drink — and at best it’s a “slip.” At worst it’s a relapse, and more often it’s a fall off the wagon: failure.
ALL THAT I WILL EVER BE By Alan Ball ; directed by Jo Bonney; sets by Neil Patel; costumes by Emilio Sosa; lighting by David Lander; sound by Darron L. West; fight choreography by J. Steven White; production stage manager, Larry K. Ash; assistant stage managers, Tom Dooley and Sharika Niles.
It is this condemnation of Rove from his own ideological camp — not the Democrats' familiar litany about his corruption, polarizing partisanship, dirty tricks, etc.
“But the thing is, as in everything in the world, people don’t find time to be with their family, to find two hours to play.
Hours: Mondays through Saturdays, 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.; Sundays, 2:30 to 9 p.m. Erdman Gallery at the Princeton Theological Seminary, 20 Library Place.
What were other technology companies going to do for us?
In addition, drug makers and company-sponsored psychiatrists have been encouraging doctors to look for the disorder since several drugs were approved to treat it in adults.
This time around, Glassner, a sociologist at the University of Southern California, takes the same approach to what we eat.
Next month, a $22 million, two-story addition over part of the existing building will add 24 modern neonatal intensive-care beds to the existing 45, as well as physicians’ and faculty offices.
and heads its dispute settlement body, which handles trade disputes worth billions of dollars, said on Friday that the unresolved dispute posed serious challenges.
Marc Mimram's gorgeous pedestrian bridge over the Rhine, stretched between Strasbourg and the German city Kehl, looks and feels — especially when illuminated and glowing at night — like a ship sailing toward a modern, borderless Europe.
She was succeeded by two acting under secretaries — Richard Kurin, the acting under secretary for history and culture, and Alison McNally, acting under secretary for finance and administration.
“The practice has been around for many years.
“We are called Bombardierville,” said François Létourneau, president of Les Pionniers de Valcourt, the local snowmobiling club, and my guide for the weekend.
In short, the universe of tenants in downtown San Francisco is not growing.
After his brief ouster in a 2002 coup Mr. Chávez tilted leftward and strengthened an alliance with Cuba.
When they do, it is to make a trip downstairs to the commons area for food, he said.
Services Monday, March 26, 9:30 am at The Plaza Jewish Community Chapel, Amsterdam Avenue, corner of 91st St.
A listener in Greenwich, Conn., seemed to have been tuned in for 32 hours.
Corlethia Denise Johnson, 50, a legal secretary from Laurel, Md., colors her hair burgundy but looks askance at injections.
“TV One has a chance because it’s a recognizable brand in connection to Radio One,” said Mark Anthony Neal, director of the Institute for Critical U.S. Studies at Duke University.
“Because I’m getting so close to all these records, I think, well, these guys before me didn’t make it longer than this age or that age; so for me, time is getting shorter to some degree,” Federer said.
The campaign said it did not know the invitation had been sent.
In India’s case, these are prostitutes and their clients — especially truckers; men who have sex with men; and people who inject drugs, especially in the northeast, on the borders with Myanmar.
The same history translated into a live-action drama could never be depicted with the clarity and forceful drive that bold, simple animation encourages.
“Of course there is outrage on the residents’ part.
She added, “I did it, and there’s no more to say.
(Photo by Clive Rose/Getty Images)
Mr. Lee — a former star executive at several subsidiaries of Hyundai, the best known among the nation’s chaebol, or family-controlled industrial conglomerates — would be the first businessman-turned-president in South Korea.
What these plays shared was the skilled use of expressly theatrical tools to lead you into places you didn’t expect to go.
Ms. Bhutto returned to Pakistan on Oct. 18 for the first time in eight years under a plan that the Bush administration had hoped would bring a democratic sheen to the country even as it continued under the rule of General Musharraf.
It really makes a dressed-down look.” The polo-and-plaid also recalls the last time the look had a moment: the prep-mad early 1980s.
And the gloom is not numb or calm.
The legislation specifically prohibits taxation of e-mail and instant messaging services “that are provided independently or not packaged with Internet access.”
The qualifying laps come on Saturdays, when riders jockey for the all-important start position: they make a pit stop toward the end of the one-hour session to switch from regular practice tires to ultrasticky (and ultrasoft) ones that will produce the fastest lap times of the weekend but can also begin to disintegrate after one or two laps; thus, they are useless for races.
Mr. Bistricer, who won the bidding for the 140-acre complex 22 days ago, has yet to gain his footing in the race for public approval.
At Cagliari, I took the team from Serie C to Serie B and then Serie A.
The streets are ghostly, with little traffic, and the private economy is dying, lacking needed imports and unable to export.
After the service, a 17-year-old college student serenaded the Americans with his violin, playing traditional pieces like “Hava Nagila.” The musician could have been a college student from anywhere in the United States, with his facial stubble, sneakers and low-slung jeans.
The two price points underline a new reality for global oil markets.
Not everything about these cameras is identical, however.
Sponsored by the St. Mark's Historic Landmark Fund and led by Dr. Phil, of New York Talks and Walks.
Truth be told, I know very little about Brooklyn.
“There’s a total of 15 people who have lost their lives in the attacks: two suicide bombers and 13 others,” Maj. Gen. Waheed Arshad, an army spokesman, said.
John D. Hutson, who served as the Navy’s top lawyer from 1997 to 2000, said he believed that the existence of legal opinions justifying abusive treatment is pernicious, potentially blurring the rules for Americans handling prisoners.
He took the hair from Mr. Guevara’s head shortly before he and some of the soldiers buried him in an unmarked grave.
Last season, his fourth in the minors, Marquez had a 15-9 record and 3.65 earned run average for Class AA Trenton.
And so have the average days on market.
But this otherwise nondescript suburb of Atlantic City has at least one more landmark.
We don’t refer to individuals in our armed forces as soldiers so often these days because that leaves out sailors, marines and airmen.
But it is the people Dungy has brought into the league who will probably extend his reach long after he retires for a life devoted to his family and his faith.
Leo did not learn about false beliefs in the same way a child did.
(Photo by From the book Hitchcock's Music, Yale University Press)
“We came to play a basketball game.
In 2008, the Amelia Island Concours will add a class for them, said Mr. Cotter, the event’s co-director.
So when Arsenal’s goalkeeper, Jens Lehmann, gave up an easy goal near the end of the first half, we groaned along with everyone else.
Men asked for more money at eight times the rate of women.
Don’t forget to save early and often.
Keep moving, he told himself.
The police said he was trying to hide a bag containing a half-gram of cocaine.
They spend at least two hours a day online, usually playing games or chatting.
After a month of swelling protests in which much of the country seems to have risen up against it, the junta has few options other than intimidation and force, the tools it has used to keep itself in power for 19 years.
One obvious choice would have been Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg of New York, a man for all parties (Democrat, born-again Republican, reborn-again independent).
Yet even a breast-fed baby is at risk.
Of those affected, 14 were occupants, 11 were firefighters and one was an emergency medical technician.
The 319 spaces of permit parking have all been taken, said Barbara Dutton, the Sixth Taxing District’s clerk, and 28 people are on a waiting list.
R. Coulter, co-founder and chief scientist at HyperActive, based in Pittsburgh, says he decided to use his Ph.D. in robotics from Carnegie Mellon University on fast food rather than, say, space exploration because “it’s the last $100 billion industry that still makes all its products by hand.” But sales take “yeoman missionary work,” says Joseph Gagnon, the chief executive of Exit 41, which is based in Andover, Mass.
HIMLER--Barbara Brous, 77, peacefully passed away June 21, 2007.
The Senate majority leader, Harry Reid of Nevada, and Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah come immediately to mind — not to mention Mr. Romney’s father, George, a moderate governor of Michigan who ran for the Republican nomination for president in 1968.
“I see a man and a woman walk in the bar.” “I notice he has the teardrop by his eye,” Chris said.
Sam Brummer — who escaped Poland steps ahead of the Nazis in 1939 and wound up in the 29th Infantry, landing at Omaha Beach on D-Day — bought the deli in 1962.
It has waterslides, wave pools and inner tubes bobbing on a cooling river.
A swimming pool sits outside his living room’s large picture window.
Mr. Baldrick noted that the shooting after the Memorial Day concert, which his company sponsored, occurred two hours after the event, yet the police linked the two.
Giants safety Gibril Wilson intercepted a Tony Romo pass on the next play.
“They’re all living in the area very well, or they have a nice nest egg,” Mr. Rath said.
But Madison Avenue slickness did not play well when promoting Mr. Bush’s go-it-alone foreign policy after 9/11, and in less than two years, she was out.
“When we sampled the lake last year, we only turned up a dozen trout of 6 to 8 inches over four nights,” Shrader said.
Natural disasters of a more sweeping kind figure in “The Probabilities,” by Wendy MacLeod, a windy monologue delivered by a weatherman with the soul of a philosopher-poet.
Mr. Munsen was charged with inciting a riot and driving while intoxicated, The Associated Press reported.
Mr. Lantos, who was born in Budapest, calls it “one of the most significant avenues for making the United States more competitive and more culturally sensitive.” WHAT should the study-abroad experience look like?
BlackRock, at a meeting in Tallahassee, Fla., with officials from schools and cities participating in the Local Government Investment Pool, recommended putting about 86 percent of the $14 billion of assets that have no risk of loss or default into a “fund A.” The remaining 14 percent would go into a “fund B,” said Simon Mendelson, chief operating officer of BlackRock’s cash-management business.
I recently retired after 34 years at the office, where I was a senior analyst.
What the reading had going for it was a dynamic suppleness that drew the music out of the realm of Haydn’s fortepiano without pulling it too far into the 19th century.
City health officials stressed that TB is neither uncommon nor highly infectious, and is usually passed from person to person only through prolonged close-quarters contact.
A year later Kathy and Amy Eldon founded the Creative Visions Foundation to provide support to activists “who use media, the arts and technology to inform, inspire and empower others.” They donated the journals to the Los Angeles County Museum of Art , but when the museum said it intended to place the works in its archives, Kathy asked for them back.
The Harsh are the dark side, Cati is like Princess Leia, and the enemy leader, Johnston, substitutes for Darth Vader.
A surprise did come when a panel hanging at the back of the stage rose to reveal a white tub placed on a rolling platform.
Although some ministries have improved slightly, what has really caught the eye of Iraqi politicians is the way some local governments have begun bypassing the morass in Baghdad by using hundreds of millions of dollars of the reconstruction money they receive from the government to finance regional projects.
Once — this was when some championship sports team or other had been invited to the White House for congratulations — I asked him if any president had ever invited him for a visit.
I had to find the goodness in them.
“It’s all white L.E.D.’s.” Less noticeable to consumers are advances in catalysts, said Barbara Karn, a nanotechnology expert in the research arm of the Environmental Protection Agency.
They enlisted the help of Michael T. Bruinton, a senior prison guard, by offering him $500 each time he allowed smuggled goods to pass through, Ms. Milgram said.
Mr. Cahoon of “The Wedding Singer,” for instance, used his own money to finance “Doll,” a punk-new-wave album he recorded with his band, Ghetto Cowboy, but it was eventually released on Sh-K-Boom Records, a label primarily known for producing original cast recordings of Broadway and Off Broadway musicals.
Wall Street registered its approval yesterday of a potential takeover of the commodities exchange operator Nymex, sending the parent company’s stock higher.
Or will someone tell me what I can believe and what not to believe?
But then, of course, your next swing can stink.
The ballet begins, quite charmingly, with classroom pliés, but soon bodies blossom into wreaths — a kaleidoscope of patterns — leading the way for the first principal couple, Ms. Bouder and Andrew Veyette, who glided along with superb panache.
The officer, whose name was not released, was in stable condition in Elmhurst Hospital Center and was expected to recover, the police said.
But I was very much in love with the person.” She didn’t provide more details but said that one of the songs she wrote for the album, “How Long I’ve Been Waiting,” was “directly related” to the failed romance.
“Good fences make good neighbors” should not be part of America’s foreign policy strategy.
“Sitting home without doing nothing, I get crazy,” Beltrán said.
But brides, and bridegrooms as well, are learning that with choice comes complication.
He said something that still rings in my ear: “Thomas, everyone is keeping you busy in Iraq.
“I don’t think it’s appropriate to look back at the past,” Mr. Sander said, seconds before he looked back at the past.
“It is quite noticeable that consumers are significantly more positive about employment,” said David Sloan, an economist with 4CAST, a market research firm in New York.
The bride’s previous marriage ended in divorce, as did the bridegroom’s two previous marriages.
Whatever vision of El Dorado Boras painted, the response from other clubs has been underwhelming.
A previous sister city partnership with the French town of Penchard some time ago was kept alive for a few years and then passed into oblivion, local officials said.
Everyone is still terrified of the word spiritual in relation to art; the gallery news release settles for ''numinous.''
Marcia was born on June 25, 1920 in Muskegon, MI to James and Dorothy Dana Walton.
It stands squarely in the present, expounding the past as a museum guide might expound a tendentious historical exhibit.
Sitting South was Dick Frey, a top player and prolific writer who died in 1988.
Both apartments are an easy walk from the New York flagship store of the family company, Loro Piana, on Madison Avenue and East 68th Street.
had constructed its program in a few harried months by consulting Egyptian and Saudi intelligence officials and copying Soviet interrogation methods long used in training American servicemen to withstand capture.
We set them in a cardboard box under a heat lamp in her room, filled the watering jar, scattered some “scratch” (otherwise known as chicken feed) and hovered.
But Mr. Witte said projects that faltered were not in desirable locations.
And while such debates can be unsettling at quarterback, they are welcomed at running back.
The American military said a preliminary investigation indicated that the blaze was accidental, sparked by a pipe explosion, but Iraqi officials insisted that mortar rounds had struck.
“I think some are afraid to plan for growth because they don’t want it.” The Real Estate Market Mr. Craig said that while real estate prices have risen in the last decade, they are still relatively low.
Melanie Sloan and Eric Curt Anderson are to be married this evening in Washington, Va.
On a given day, the site can hold dozens of user comments about a British newspaper analysis of trans-Atlantic relations; a first-person essay by an American soldier titled “What My Life in Iraq Is Like” and a link to a new music video by Avril Lavigne.
These faux surround systems count on “psychoacoustics,” which works because we interpret the direction of a sound based on slight differences in three bits of information: volume, frequency and the time difference in hearing a sound with the right and left ears.
Voters can call the New York City Board of Elections toll free at 1-866-VOTENYC (1-866-868-3692).
“You want to see the case-by-case,” she said.
A recent survey of 103 organizations by The Chronicle of Philanthropy also put the trend in perspective, suggesting that online gifts totaled less than 1 percent of donations.
(Scott) ‘SKINWALKERS’ (PG-13, 110 minutes) The latest human-inhuman hybrid movie pits good werewolves against bad, even if the distinction is fuzzier than their hides.
The eastern tip of Long Island may be known for outrageously expensive seasonal rentals, frequent celebrity sightings and the occasional gossip-sheet scandal.
He has a taste for the legions of men who are known today, with a curl of the lip, as losers — or, as he writes about a semipro football team in Amarillo, Tex., that he joins in homage to George Plimpton, “dudes grasping at the frayed end of the rope of hope.” Things are not going so well for the trapeze jockeys and race-track hangers-out, the outcasts and outraced rats, the “have somewhats” or “the self-defeated, the people who fell off the table and are never getting up to the supper plate.” They are living in places like the Shady Rest Court on Route 66 in Tulsa, Okla., for $65 a week, and a flophouse on the Bowery where, deep into a partying night, when the beds run out, you sleep in the bathtub.
The last time NASA tried to send a teacher into space, Christa McAuliffe in 1986, the shuttle Challenger broke up 73 seconds into the flight, killing all seven crew members.
Most designers on myShape, Ms. Wannier said, ship directly to consumers and myShape collects a commission.
The Packers will blitz him mercilessly, knowing that Lorenzen is slow-footed and inexperienced.
There will be no further comment.” British newspapers reported this week that Ms. Winehouse had checked into — and then out of — a rehab clinic near London.
Joggers and bikers continued to use its restroom and water fountain, but most everyone else stayed away — save for unwitting travelers who would soon be calling to report something they saw.
More than 900 people were injured by firecrackers and celebratory gunfire during last year’s celebrations from Christmas to New Year’s.
“I definitely have enough,” Mr. Wilson said.
This is an orchestra that does not strive for lushness, as many American ensembles do, or for a particular woodwind or string timbre, which is an identifying trait of certain central European orchestras.
Last week they allowed their chief political opponent, Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, to meet with members of her party for the first time in three years.
Tava, the new drink, will be lightly carbonated and offer exotic flavors, she said.
In addition, American officials say that the Chinese have imposed “extreme requirements” for inspection of American beef for mad cow disease , poultry for possible salmonella traces and pork for chemical additives.
He knew it was a tough situation but at the same time he was very professional about the way he went about it.
Thomas E. Nicoll, an Episcopal priest, taking part.
Last week, the tension between growth and safety arose again as people in the region began to assess the damage from wildfires that have so far consumed nearly half a million acres, killed seven people, and burned almost 1,800 structures to the ground.
Funeral services 10am Thursday, September 6, at Schwartz Brothers - Jeffer Memorial Chapel, 114-03 Queens Blvd., Forest Hills.
5 Nikolay Davydenko beat No.
Jon S. Corzine made good on a pledge to keep the government open on the day after Thanksgiving, declining to issue the usual executive order giving state workers Friday off — a tradition since at least the days of Gov.
“I think a lot of what went wrong at the end of last year was just clubhouse friction, and I don’t think Torre would allow for that.” Little and Torre are popular with players, but with Torre’s résumé, he should command more respect.
They cried, picked at the grassy patch and rearranged a handful of daisies.
Earlier this year, the government transferred the land intended for the refinery to the local irrigation district, which in turn sold it to Arizona Clean Fuels for $15 million in March.
He promises to focus on poverty, unemployment and corruption.
While the operation is still dangerous in some circumstances — one study found that for a surgeon’s first 19 bariatric operations, patients were nearly five times as likely to die than patients that the surgeon later operated on — the overall mortality rate is now in the neighborhood of 1 percent.
On July 1, 1951 he married Natalie Serlin in Syracuse.
Next to what Wall Street investors tried to predict every day, natural disasters seemed almost stable.
A crib or rollaway bed?
So how is he received?
In April 1945, General Groves traveled to the newspaper’s offices on West 43rd Street.
The State Department has set up a joint 16-member commission, together with the Iraqi government, to analyze the events of Sunday and to recommend ways that security procedures for diplomats need to be changed.
Mr. Leavitt is the chairman of the working group, which includes several other cabinet secretaries and the chairman of the Consumer Product Safety Commission .
Most of those outbreaks were snuffed out by veterinary officials or died out spontaneously, but the disease continues to fulminate in poultry in Egypt and Nigeria.
“One young man I’m so impressed with, he’s 18, he has no car so he rides his bike every single week, bringing diapers or pacifiers.” Many of the girls have never known a capable parent.
I came down Tensleep Canyon at a crawl, the cliffs above hidden in the clouds, and, after a few more miles, I drove into Worland.
In each case, the parents had given their child an old family car lacking these safety devices.
Others, including Eric Kobren, executive editor of Fidelity Insight, said he felt that she was excellent in operations, but there was no indication that she had the strategic vision that Mr. Johnson was seeking in a chief executive.
The offense is playing terrible.
Championship at Southern Hills would have known that Tiger Woods’s 63 on Friday tied the major-tournament scoring record.
 But Salters had the gem, a moving and original report on Jason Ray, the University of North Carolina team mascot who was killed by a car while he was walking along a New Jersey highway during the N.C.A.A.
A Mass of the Resurrection will be celebrated at Holy Trinity RC Church, 213 West 82nd St, on Wednesday, May 2, at 11 AM.
THE BILL Lunch dishes (sandwiches and small plates), $5 to $17.
He was never as interesting a singer as Mr. Domingo, but at his best he could be inspired and, in his way, profound.
(Though there are some differences between Haydee Morales’s gowns and Oscar de la Renta’s originals, the basic glamour remains.)
Mr. Putin said at the meeting that under Mr. Medvedev, Russia would continue to follow the course set over the past eight years.
Its functionalism also let it be read as a symbol of the ideals of modern architecture.
Mr. Karimov, some say, is running illegally, because Uzbekistan’s Constitution limits the head of state to two terms in office.
“Now I love meeting colleagues and finding out what other people are doing.”
It expects to save $45 million a year starting in fiscal 2008 from lower expenses for production, shipping and duties.
Ronald Reagan’s victory in 1980 owed substantially to the Carter administration’s foreign policy failures — notably the Iran hostage fiasco and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan.
It looks like a lot more fun these days, at least judging from the waves of mothers and daughters streaming through Bloomingdale’s SoHo on a recent evening.
Another investigates whether he altered the sale terms of Bank Leumi specifically to help a friend — who in the end never bid.
He has kept a low profile since then, but said recently that he continues to work and conduct Council business.
They had slim builds, sinewy legs and lean faces.
Whitmore, who was wearing a suede cowboy hat, answered in a cowboy manner — laconic but certain.
Tour officials, who have openly said that they would have tried to exclude Rasmussen from the Tour if they had known before it started that he had missed drug tests this spring, expressed satisfaction at the team’s decision.
“At the beginning of the day it looked like it would be fine.
But I think the ballpark will stand the test of time.” Mr. Bonds has said little about his leaving town, avoiding reporters at his final home game.
Levi’s human discomfort preceded his enslavement — in “Survival in Auschwitz,” he described himself as a repressed young man who, in part because of the self-consciousness imposed by four years of anti-Jewish laws, as well as by temperament, had lived before Auschwitz in “an unrealistic world of my own, a world inhabited by civilized Cartesian phantoms, by sincere male and bloodless female friendships.” He was “liberated” by Auschwitz in certain complex, paradoxical ways that filled him with pride and self-recrimination.
But she wasn’t looking for a second home, she was looking to finally open her own bakery.
Still, what we’re learning from the housing mess is that the crisis of corporate governance, which made headlines in the early years of this decade, never went away.
A Bronx man has been charged with gun trafficking after a federal sting operation in which he bought four guns, federal agents announced yesterday.
They are real things, discovered by the methods of science; their molecular structure is known and their behavior predictable in a great majority of situations, though much remains to be learned.
Destination Doormats, round welcome mats introduced last month by the home-furnishings retailer Chiasso, do more than just make a statement.
How could morays be so good at catching fish if they had no way to suck in their prey?
For China, going from communism to its state-directed capitalism, while by no means easy, involved loosening the lid on a people who were naturally entrepreneurial, risk-taking capitalists.
The next month, after his worst performance as a starter, he finds himself in the position Pennington only recently vacated as the starting quarterback on a losing team under heavy scrutiny.
Absolute claims of individual rights, Wolf writes, “wrongly assume that all face serious illness and disability with the resources of the idealized rights bearer a person of means untroubled by oppression.
Hence the negative advertising that seeks to siphon members from other sites.
Grady Sizemore, center fielder for the Cleveland Indians, learned the hard way, leaving his mom’s cooking behind and making his way up through the minor leagues.
7 platform at 61st Street in Woodside, Queens, Sept. 13, 2007.
The lively South Side restaurant scene is a few blocks away.
Like Stillwell, Moustakas was a high school shortstop from California chosen second over all.
Miss Shelton leaves innumerable friends and appreciative former students as well as family in whose hearts and memories she will remain forever.
Under the deal, the men must hand over their weapons to the Palestinian Authority and sign a pledge to cease all violence against Israel.
Dedicated to community service, she volunteered for many years at the Helen Keller National Center in Port Washington and helped low-income students gain scholarships to college.
“It quickly became a discussion of the political and economic rewards we can encourage, rather than the math of how many forces we need to keep there,” said one official.
I saw the mottled gray pavement of one of America’s most fabled road racing tracks coming at me, at me, at me.
Now she pines sadly for another chance to see her family, and seems unradically eager to sell her visitors some hot cigars and collect those ever-useful dollars.
An Expedia.com search for a round-trip flight from Melbourne to Sydney in August yielded a $350 airfare on Qantas as the lowest available, including taxes and fees.
Consider her parents’ history of addictive behavior cautionary tales that they have lived to tell.
“I’ve got my father stuck, my brother stuck, an ex-wife stuck,” said Carl Cirinelli, a partner at Seashore who previously lived in New Jersey.
When success seems to come easily, it can be taken for granted.
The impact of changing demographics and farming technology in this region is apparent in the student body and, on Friday nights, on the football field.
Republicans are pressing for a permanent total elimination of the federal estate tax.
Pachyderm tournaments include a Cartier Cup in India and the King's Cup in northern Thailand, organized by the Anantara Resort Golden Triangle (www.anantara.com).
Jim was a 1969 graduate and valedictorian of Paw Paw High School, where he was also a two time state champion for playing the flute at the Interlockin Music Academy.
With so much momentum, there are still plenty of bumps.
She suddenly became silent.” The argument represents a patchwork of theories advanced for years, but the more common argument is that thimerosal directly damaged children’s brains.
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration canceled one of its two agreements to provide seed money to companies hoping to provide space transport services.
She was a source of love and inspiration and an incredible life force and will be deeply missed.
The only thing more elusive than a Pelfrey victory this season had been a a series victory against Atlanta.
And the movie has an uncommonly gifted bunch of second bananas, among them Wallace Shawn and the French wrestler Andre the Giant (who gives a lovely performance).
never did have much luck operating inside Communist China, and it failed to predict the Iranian revolution of 1979.
“We were out there taking batting practice, and you could see the runs clicking up there on the board,” Phillies Manager Charlie Manuel said, referring to the score of the Mets’ game.
The eruption resulted in sulfate particles in the stratosphere that reflected the sun’s rays back to space, and as a consequence the earth briefly cooled.
Commercial development is seen as a way to attract people to Bridgeport.
True, the Chevrolet Suburban had a similar layout (and a name that dates to the 1930s), but the Suburban didn’t acquire four-wheel drive, a hallmark of the S.U.V.
“In the beginning, I thought I might go back,” said Ms. Hurst, who came here with her sister and 88-year-old mother, also chased out by the hurricane, and lived with them for five months in a single large room at St. Mary’s Missionary Baptist Church.
To the Editor: In reviewing Margaret MacMillan’s “Nixon and Mao” (Feb. 25), John Lewis Gaddis writes: “When Nixon took office in 1969, he inherited a war in Vietnam that was costing the United States far more in lives, money and reputation than is the current war in Iraq.” Gaddis is right about the relative cost in American lives.
And now, during a breakout month in a breakout season, Pouha still draws strength from the experience.
Indeed, it is quite likely that many of the smaller channels would simply vanish because they wouldn’t have enough subscribers — or couldn’t charge enough to stay in business with the subscribers they did have.
Mr. Kent learned his trade from the anthropologist Margaret Mead and the urbanist William H. Whyte, affectionately known as Holly, and he assisted Whyte with the research that culminated in his remarkable 1980 book, “The Social Life of Small Urban Spaces.” The two men studied the different ways men and women use public spaces (men cluster around entrances; women are more particular about the places they frequent), the strange rites of girl-watching and the spots where couples are likeliest to kiss (in locations more prominent than private).
Meanwhile, Mitchell, through a spokesman, declined to comment Wednesday.
“I’m interested in meeting him in a different atmosphere in which we can build a much closer relationship and which makes it much more friendly.” At the end of the meeting, the two huddled in armchairs for more than 30 minutes, banishing their aides to sit outside the tent.
Over the next century (and to this day), the frontier thesis, as it came to be known, has been debated, debunked, rehabilitated and refined by critics and historians.
“Some people, they exaggerate.” Almost all predict an intensified civil war once the Americans leave.
Mariam is the illegitimate daughter of a bitter woman and a disloyal father — an unlucky girl whose luck turns from bad to worse.
Everyone was smiling, hugging one another.
Tolstoy’s prose is a rich, fluid, multivoiced artistic medium.
The Pakistani government banned Hizb ut-Tahrir in Pakistan after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
Topps has many assets, and Bazooka has Bazooka Joe, and I could have fun making a Bazooka Joe movie.
Interviews with administration hands — Mr. Dean and Charles Colson, among others — supply the documentary with an implicit rehabilitation narrative that results in compelling drama.
The Turks refuse to do so.
Perhaps it was bad karma.
Every weeknight at 7, the rock-’n’-roll-filled jukebox of the Night Cafe in Morningside Heights falls silent, and the barroom fills with the opening chords of the “Jeopardy!” theme song.
“What fascinates me is the question of, if it didn’t get out for all this time, what does it mean?” said Jeff Jarvis, a journalism professor who now blogs on media and politics on buzzmachine.com .
Ms. Melendez can talk about her for only so long, until she freezes, unable to move or speak, and tears spill from her eyes faster than she can wipe them away.
MySpace has 110 million active users around the world, but its members are mostly concentrated in the United States.
Sales of luxury cosmetics rose 5.3 percent in the year, helped by Armani Code perfume, while revenue from antiwrinkle products like Normaderm Nuit from Vichy rose 14 percent.
Because the call came from the sideline, the players did not realize there was a timeout until the ball had been snapped.
Returning veterans are finding themselves homeless, too.
Eventually, Mr. Alvarez said, he was convinced.
On any summer day, Central Park teems with recreational runners trying to log a few miles, burn some calories and escape cramped apartments and offices.
“It’s based on private school girls, and they’re very superficial.
Besides his potential incarceration, Mr. Black also faces more civil lawsuits seeking hundreds of millions of dollars from former shareholders of Hollinger International as well as from the company itself and the Securities and Exchange Commission.
“But what is the source of his conviction?” Mr. Romney was pressed about abortion, as well as his shift toward a tougher line on gay rights, as he campaigned through the state Thursday.
The conference call came two days after two remaining co-defendants scheduled plea hearings, presumably agreeing to testify against Vick if his federal dogfighting conspiracy case goes to trial as scheduled Nov. 26.
Last week, Mr. Moonves signed a rich deal to head CBS through 2011.
Excluding one-time items like the Skype write-down, the company had $564 million in profit, up 53 percent from $367 million in the third quarter last year.
In 1988, he was elected to the City Council in Paterson and became mayor in 1996.
Arthur I. Weinstein, a real estate lawyer and a vice president of the co-op and condo council, said that in an annual workshop on admissions procedures he presents to co-op board members, he urges them to review their application processes and to remove any questions that pertain to the 14 protected categories.
Where to find them off-site: Anywhere but South Beach.
And as the movie intensifies, and she brings in a fantastic array of puppets, masks and synergistic effects, you may find yourself in a heightened emotional state, even as you realize that what you’re seeing is unadulterated white, middle-class baby boomer nostalgia.
As for term limits on officers and directors, Mr. Saft said, there are some co-ops and condominiums that have them, but these are in a minority.
“Chávez is a pebble in the shoe for Argentina’s politics abroad,” said Graciela Coatz-Romer, an Argentine political analyst.
Basso was initially cleared of involvement in October, but the Olympic committee reopened the case last month after reportedly obtaining bags suspected of containing his blood.
Ship/Art International: Packing and shipping mastery on the West Coast, with climate-controlled transportation anywhere.
She graduated from the University of Wisconsin and received a master’s degree in city and regional planning from Rutgers.
“But security professionals understand well that they don’t have a rich menu of options here.
“The surgery is not for everyone who plays baseball.
WERBEL--Edward, age 83, of Scottsdale, AZ formerly of Oceanside, NY and Long Beach, NY.
On the second day, it increased to 8.13 percent.
Both the small screen of “24” and the printed page of Moody’s fiction confound expectations by showing that the most potent fallout is emotional, not atomic.
(He’s not drawing out the Andalusian-ness in these songs, either, because there’s none to speak of.)
Roy Peter Clark, vice president of the Poynter Institute for Media Studies, said that the hostilities Mr. Anderson had stirred up were less about technology than about territory.
Agents: Barbara Mihalko and Dinny Herron, The Residences at the InterContinental, (617) 737-4663; www.residences-intercontinental.com.
Chopin’s Bolero in C (Op.
“When you have an investigating officer like Ware, who says ‘don’t go there if you can’t prove,’” your case, Mr. Solis said, “we’re left with what appear to be very reduced charges.” He added: “He’s aggressive, and he seems to make his judgments without regard for anything but the law.
An hour after the Desert Princess docks in one marina, Mr. Edison launches his boat from another a few miles north, one that will move in a few months because its harbor is nearly unnavigable.
VOSE--Elliott Evans, of New York City and Quogue, New York, died on Saturday January 13th of pneumonia.
He promised heavy investment in the company’s ailing businesses, only to watch expenses spiral out of control.
Mr. Mosebach's latest novel, ''The Moon and the Girl'' (''Der Mond und das M?hen''), is due in August.
The suspension of militia operations has allowed the American military to focus its attacks on people who have continued to fight despite Mr. Sadr’s call for a truce.
After making the playoffs the past two years and proclaiming themselves Stanley Cup contenders this season, the Rangers have had a rush on ticket sales.
Dave Heineman described the night as a difficult one for the entire state and sent condolences to victims’ families.
And that, he said, will make it difficult for investors to get mortgages and for homeowners in financial trouble to find buyers.
The teakettle, left and right, is an adaptation of one with an unwieldy hinged handle; he substituted a fixed handle with a wooden grip.
Mickelson said he would be in Atlanta next week for the Tour Championship.
Last August, 90 percent of its seats were filled, according to Back Aviation Solutions, an industry consulting firm.
Fair trade products that have experienced the biggest jump in demand include coffee, cocoa and cotton, according to the Fairtrade Labelling Organizations.
The proto-Accord was lean and economical, like many boomers in those days.
The asking price, though, stopped her dead.
Two more runs were charged to Ohlendorf in the sixth.
Though Shapey faced much resistance, he had his share of acclaim.
But in recent years, more than a half dozen have done so, including the University of Illinois this year.
The telecommunications equipment maker Alcatel-Lucent posted its second consecutive loss in the second quarter on costs related to its recent merger and an unfavorable product and geographic mix, the company said Tuesday.
In August, a video broadcast on Afghan television showed Mr. Blechschmidt slumped over and coughing, news services reported.
Communication among the agencies was also improved so the staff at one institution would know about a patient’s skin condition if he or she was transferred from another.
The Great Ape Trust is the only place in America where this kind of research still goes on.
Officials in Paducah, Ky., said detectives there were looking into whether Mr. Krajcir might be a suspect in cold cases from the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Resolution The medical student assigned to the case was waiting for him at the nursing station.
Earlier this year, she was also sought after for stories on the 30th anniversary of Elvis’s death.
For the rest of the group, the itinerary includes tours of revered sites, like the Queen of Sheba’s palace and the Chapel of the Tablet in Axum, where members of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church say the biblical Ark of the Covenant is kept.
WITH: Dominique Bousquet (Nurse), Ari Fliakos (Claudius/Marcellus/Ghost/Gravedigger), Alessandro Magania (Attendant/Soldier/Banister), Daniel Pettrow (Bernardo/Rosencrantz/Guildenstern/Player Queen/Osric), Bill Raymond (Polonius), Scott Shepherd (Hamlet), Casey Spooner (Laertes/Rosencrantz/Guildenstern/Player King), Kate Valk (Gertrude/Ophelia) and Judson Williams (Horatio).
When the results came back, the diagnosis was clear.
Ms. Petersen, who signed on with Mr. Obama in September, said: “I finally went with my heart.
Chef Luis’s quesadillas were piping hot, super fresh and excellent on all counts, served with the expected accouterments: avocado, chopped tomato and sour cream.
In the late 1990s, the three formed Presidio Advisory Services and related entities to make and sell the Blips shelters and to use them for their own incomes.
His unique spirit will always be remembered.
Boeing and Airbus now employ hundreds of Indians in challenging tasks like writing software for next-generation cockpits and building systems to prevent airborne collisions.
Treating himas a plaything, she ignores the depth of hisfeelings and teases him sexually even asshe leaves him, for a month, a year, threeyears: he never knows how long his lonelinesswill last.
Ms. Bracken’s book made her a celebrity.
Her private secretary engineers the departure of the bookish young page whom she’s made her amanuensis, and persuades an ancient family confidante named Sir Claude to try to get her to lay off the reading.
His principal objective appears to be to create dialogue that jibes with the internal stories of Ms. Griffin’s songs, and the strain and a certain perfunctoriness are evident.
If he agreed with the Yankees for 10 years and about $270 million, Rodriguez and Boras could save face by setting a new salary record.
It took 12 hours before Mrs. Clinton rebuked Mrs. Arafat; by that point, she had been repeatedly assailed by Mr. Giuliani.
Last week, a dozen Irish linen monogrammed napkins from a bride’s trousseau in 1949 sold for $65.
The United States, which currently holds the rotating chairmanship of the International Whaling Commission, the international body that governs whaling, pushed hard for a delay until the group’s next meeting, in June.
Average SAT scores in 2006 at the high school, which has an enrollment of 1,150, were 556 on the verbal, 591 on the math and 557 on the reading section.
Taken straight up, the show offers three very beautiful encounters with whiteness, plastic materials and rounded forms.
On this day, the catch included two bluefish that Mr. Goldberg wrestled into the boat within 10 minutes of cutting the motor out on the open water.
Out of nowhere, out of the black sky at Jacobs Field, the insects — were they locusts?
In early 2005, a group of former Morgan Stanley executives began a campaign to oust Mr. Purcell.
“There’s not much room for the stock to surprise on the upside,” he said.
But the discovery of dangerous ingredients in foods and drugs has raised more serious questions.
You can’t beat character.” Everyone in the ensemble sings, and everyone dances.
Some 151 galleries from 28 countries were chosen to take part this year, drawn from 450 applicants; each has a booth displaying its best pieces — or at least pieces it hoped would sell or provoke.
“All I saw were mistakes — a lack of care, lack of attention to detail.” Among other things, he began working with Gerry Grennell, his dialect coach, who has seen him through a dizzying spectrum of dialects and intonations.
We extend our condolences to his wife, Louise; daughters Sarah, Emma and Laura, and the rest of his loving family.
Stepfather of Andrew Schwartz (deceased) and Richard Schwartz.
In the last six years, almost 3 million more have gone.
Anderson is in prison for contempt of court because he refused to testify about Bonds.
It’s hard to act that out when the cast is a gruff farmer and son, and my wife and me, who have been silenced by the solemnity of what we’re watching.
Wines by the glass, $7 to $12.
Bob Topping” for the opportunity.
On third down, Clemens, looking like Tarkenton once again, scrambled to the left for 6 more yards.
“That happens on crazy campuses, not at our little music school.” Moriah Wynkoop, 19, a sophomore who said she remembered Mr. Warfield for his encyclopedic knowledge of music trivia, said: “It just doesn’t feel real.
It was the first touchdown catch of Henderson’s career.
The trend has local and state officials scrambling to catch up.
The northernmost area contains a broad expanse of lawn that early in the morning is a local dog park.
While he was not formally diagnosed with a mental illness, he clearly became senile, his family said.
To the Editor: Reading Maureen Dowd’s critique of George J. Tenet (“Better Never Than Late,” column, May 2), you would think that back in February 2003 everything on the Iraqi threat was clear as could be.
One is the Integrity Committee of the President’s Council on Integrity and Efficiency, which oversees all the inspectors general.
Founding and Managing Partner of Weber Lipshie & Co. CPAs and member and former Chairman of S.C.O.R.E.
WITH: Ioan Gruffudd (William Wilberforce), Romola Garai (Barbara Spooner), Benedict Cumberbatch (William Pitt), Albert Finney (John Newton), Michael Gambon (Lord Fox), Rufus Sewell (Thomas Clarkson), Youssou N’Dour (Oloudah Equiano), Ciaran Hinds (Lord Tarleton) and Toby Jones (Duke of Clarence).
For Ms. Fey, 37, the responsibilities of writing and acting on “30 Rock,” combined with the pressures and joys of raising her 2-year-old daughter, Alice, have left her little space or inclination to reflect on the past year.
Producer/Director of Active Aging on MNN and Video Producer for Associated Merchandising Corporation, Equitable Life Insurance, and Hunter College.
The plans for new and upgraded parks and other public amenities are meant to balance Yonkers’s simultaneous, highly ambitious plunge into riverfront development, to offset the high-rise towers and office complexes with some well-placed greenery and water views.
Tishman Speyer is not articulating its long-term vision for the complex.
European leaders agreed early on Friday to a new treaty for the 27-member bloc that creates the post of European Union president to represent Europe internationally on issues like climate change , bilateral relations and development.
“I know this is how they’re able to provide the service for me.” With companies only beginning to adapt to mobile devices, expect some bugs.
So it’s not a given that those votes will automatically, or even primarily, go to Huckabee.” With less than three months until the first votes are cast, Christian conservative leaders are becoming increasingly alarmed by the prospect that Rudolph W. Giuliani, a supporter of abortion rights, may win the nomination.
AFTER spending years as a bench warmer among compact crossover utilities, the Mitsubishi Outlander is finally making a serious bid for the A-team.
Of the nation’s total uncollected child-support arrears of $105 billion in 2006, Professor Hatcher writes, fully half was owed to the federal and state governments to recover welfare costs, rather than to families.
“If we are mechanically stimulating cells to form bone, what isn’t happening?
A client can also leave an absentee bid, with a predetermined amount.
A lodge — putty-colored, vaguely Alpine-looking, its eves drooling icicles — is the only building.
“She’s supposed to come here for dinner Thursday night,” Bonnie said Tuesday, “and she said if the Indians win tonight, she’s not coming.
Although the campaign refers to the Postal Service as “Today’s Mail,” the Postal Service is not changing its official name, which it adopted in 1971.
Representative Tom Davis of Virginia, the ranking Republican on the committee, said the military’s entire system for handling wounded veterans was in need of a “top-down overhaul.” “You’re not going to be able to Scotch tape over it,” Mr. Davis said.
A Fire Department spokesman, Jim Long, would not discuss the issue beyond saying that the fires were under investigation.
In fact, many cousins who convened at the family get-together last month had known about Ms. Broyard and her father long before she contacted them.
Cynics on the subject of performance art may wonder whether simply doing lots of kooky things and taking pictures of them necessarily qualifies as art-making, but Ms. Sprinkle and Ms. Stephens are convincing proselytizers for the healthy idea that life is more enjoyable — and its horrors are less overwhelming — if you can treat all its twists and turns as fodder for aesthetic inspiration.
I wanted the facts, and, not for the first time, The Times let me down.
But any occupation on those terms was doomed to fail, especially given the harshness with which Israel dealt with those not catching the spirit.
"A lot of guys practice in their baseball caps," he says.
On Gulf Avenue in the Bloomfield section, he veered into a utility pole.
Suzanne Kathleen Capozzi, a daughter of Kathleen Capozzi and Michael Capozzi of Bayport, N.Y., was married last evening to Benjamin A. Mandel, the son of Joanna Mandel and Joel Mandel, both of New York, and the stepson of Riccy Mandel.
Johnson swerved to miss and found himself in first place with Carl Edwards close behind.
“He wasn’t the face of the league, the way Michael Vick is,” said Lewis’s agent, Roosevelt Barnes.
The largest, North Beach, has lifeguards, food concessions, showers and a boardwalk leading to the sand.
“While Senator Obama was denouncing slash-and-burn politics yesterday, his campaign’s finance chair was viciously and personally attacking Senator Clinton and her husband,” Howard Wolfson, the Clinton campaign communications director, said in a statement.
One is what Pentagon officials say is China’s aggressive modernization of its armed forces.
You have no idea who you are or how you got here.
My family’s place is a camp.
Mr. Jones said Borders customers tend to be “highly educated, more affluent” and spend an average of an hour in the store, making them catnip to many advertisers.
A neighboring city, Wilton Manors, has a majority-gay commission and another, Oakland Park, has an openly gay mayor.
Though at one point he was embraced by the president of Sudan, Omar Hassan al-Bashir — himself the object of criticism over the crisis in Darfur — Mr. Mugabe’s contact with other leaders appeared limited to allies.
The withdrawal actually began in 1969, after the Tet offensive, which was a military defeat for the Communist guerrillas and their North Vietnamese sponsors.
The lookout point on Qingren (Lovers) Island offers visitors the romantic view of two nuclear power plants under construction.
The new story has its own integrity.
A similar proposal died last year.
Across Asia, the company’s presence remains small.
and Florida games instead of the celebratory start of basketball practice?
Stock in Time Warner, which is based in New York, fell 62 cents, or 3.2 percent, to $18.64 a share.
The site’s core audience is the type of person who spends large sums of money on home theater equipment, and wants music stored as digital files rather than on CD.
And are we going to leave this place a better place than when we came into it?
Even in general medicine, research is sometimes slow to be translated into practice — but mental health care is often entirely disconnected from evidence.
Mounting evidence suggests that there are too many people in this nation, let alone on this planet, given the polluting and inefficient technologies we use to shelter and sustain ourselves.
We saw but a single raft drifting on the lake below — a dot of blue in a brooding immensity of black, green and gray.
According to a recent analysis by the Washington-based Center for Children’s Law and Policy, the county achieved its improvements by retraining its staff, improving mental health services and embracing less violent systems of crisis management.
A rare original painting by the Japanese woodblock print artist Utamaro Kitagawa has been found at the house of an elderly woman, whose husband bought it from a junk dealer for less than $30 decades ago, Agence France-Presse reported yesterday.
WHEN the 1906 San Francisco earthquake destroyed his shop, Frederick Meyer, a German-born cabinetmaker with links to the Arts and Crafts movement, turned disaster into opportunity.
“One of the stupidest things I’ve heard and keep hearing is that he’s a Muslim,” said Linda Boston, a member of his state steering committee.
Remodeled over the years on television and recordings, the 'munks have been given a digital coat of paint this time out, but the movie doesn't skimp -- lasso those nostalgic parents!
Assemblyman Richard Brodsky of Westchester, who has been investigating the program for several years, calls these zones '' a scandal on a level hard to imagine.''
“They’re like the fight sequences in ‘Crouching Tiger,’ ” he said.
METRO TOUR SERVICE Friday through Sunday at 2 p.m., a tour of Brooklyn Heights, Fort Greene and Clinton Hill, meeting in front of the Marriott Hotel, Adams and Tillary Streets, downtown Brooklyn; (718) 789-0430.
At 30 times the width of a sperm, the egg is massive enough to be seen with the naked eye.
On one side of the menu comes straight-ahead New England fare: crab cakes, lobster rolls, chowder, fish and chips, burgers with a choice of 12 toppings.
Chu noted that even the most optimistic climate models for the second half of this century suggest that 30 to 70 percent of the snowpack will disappear.
Sequoia Voting Systems, which manufactured some of Florida’s machines, offered to buy them back for a bleak $1 apiece.
His successor, Edward V. Regan, and later H. Carl McCall, blocked efforts by governors to reduce the state’s contributions to the fund to balance the budget.
“Boy, is there plenty of that.” A few miles downriver, we passed the thick-walled, turtle-colored fortress known as Fort Washington, which surrendered to the British in the War of 1812.
And even in consumer cameras, there are certainly limits to the irrelevance of megapixels; my test went only to 16 by 24 inches, which is the biggest I figured most amateurs would go.
“My confidence level at this point is miles beyond where it was in Miami and Detroit,” Harrington said.
The election has countywide importance because growth policies affect not only scenery but taxes that go toward new schools, roads and other services.
This has never been as hot an issue.” Law firms have been slower than some other businesses to award benefits, in part because of their smaller, and often complex, private structures.
Then technicians use enzymes to extract fibroblast cells from the skin and endothelial cells from the inner lining of the vein.
Part of his drive, she said, is that “he believes he was given an opportunity, particularly as an African-American, so he should do the best he can do.” Smaller successes in development in Lorain, and then getting the cable franchise in his hometown, Inkster, led to the project that set Mr. Barden on his way — winning the franchise for Detroit’s cable system in 1983.
Saeb Erekat, a Palestinian negotiator, said the leaders had exchanged new proposals.
“I don’t think camo is effective at fooling game, because the essential thing is not to look like your surroundings, but to not look out of place in your surroundings,” said Terry Wieland, the shooting editor of Gray’s Sporting Journal, who prefers nothing more advanced than estate tweed, which was originally intended to match various shades of heather for British bird hunters.
The neighborhood’s architectural centerpieces are the houses in an area known locally as the Crescents, five semicircular streets that ripple south of the Long Island Rail Road tracks.
Claudia sprinted back to her room and came back with a portable Global Positioning System.
Not for nothing do bodybuilders and rappers brag and swagger about living on “Strong Island.” But the scale and breadth of the operation was enough to leave anyone slack-jawed.
They speak English with a different accent, and I didn’t know that much English.
Ms. Dynan and Mr. Kohn say that higher housing prices made many homeowners feel wealthier and more willing to take on debt, which they then used to finance more spending.
Jon S. Corzine and other state and local election officials on Sept. 18.
Writing fiction isn’t an activity for the faint-hearted, and anyone who has managed, as Dan Simmons has, to generate two dozen books (in an impressive variety of genres) in just 22 years clearly deserves credit for discipline, diligence, resolve and, most of all, confidence.
If anything, he added, the biggest danger to the economy is that growth takes off again, so quickly that the Fed feels compelled to raise interest rates sharply to keep inflation at bay.
The winners were Dong Yongling, Gu, Sun, Wang, Yan Ru and Zhang.
With Mr. Roh scheduled to go to Pyongyang to meet his North Korean counterpart, Kim Jong-il, next month, the South Korean leader used his photo opportunity with the president to make a public issue of the peace accord.
But with the right treatment “asthma control is achievable for nearly every patient,” Dr. Elizabeth Nabel, head of the heart, lung and blood institute, said yesterday in a telephone news conference.
Loving mother of Adrienne Schere, Ronald, Steven, Vicki.
Mohamed Abdi, an Ethiopian-American interpreter detained for more than two months without being charged, was released over the weekend, American officials said.
For presidential candidates campaigning in Iowa, the place to be is the state fair.
Each hexagonal pod has a beige leather recliner, dimmed lighting, a soporific soundtrack and a blanket of Nepalese cashmere.
Hester’s teammates, motivated by the fear of being the one who blows the block that could have sprung him, noted his surprising acceleration when bursting through defenders.
In it, he argues that the proliferation of complex financial products like derivatives, combined with use of leverage to bolster returns, will inevitably mean that there will be a regular stream of market contagions like the one we’re having now — one of which, someday, could be calamitous.
The fall collection that Stefano Pilati sent out last night for Yves Saint Laurent was very concrete, in color as well as expression.
had violated a contract by copying code from the Unix operating system to Linux, an open-source operating system that is distributed free and that I.B.M.
And like nature you get to know them only by walking around them, although the works partly thwart the effort.
His company was a treasure never to be forgotten.
Mr. Ropkin’s self-appointed task involves “looking for the best story, the one that really tells that person’s life, finding a picture,” he said.
Take off for the Fiji Islands.
Earlier this year, Republicans had a field day with what they decried as a morale-busting assertion by Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the majority leader, that the war in Iraq was already lost.
One fairly simple way to move images from your computer's photo library onto the frame's memory card is to use a gadget called a U.S.B.
While that site has disappeared, fraud experts say others have moved in to replace it.
The case was being investigated and an autopsy was to be performed to determine the cause of death, the police said.
history, and as Jets running back Thomas Jones noted, “They got the momentum with that kickoff return, and it went downhill from there.” It went downhill in a head-over-teacups way on the Jets’ next possession, when Pennington was sacked for the fourth time.
Mr. Henckels said that there were still many large apartments available in new and newly converted buildings, but that the supply of older co-ops on the market had been all but depleted, at least until the spring, when many new listings typically appear on the market.
Mr. Saldana said the shooting was most likely a response by drug smugglers to the Border Patrol's more intensive searches of the area.
The inn's 30 rooms have an institutional look, with pine furniture and floral bedspreads, but the “value rooms” —the ones farthest from the pool —are $105 in the winter ($85 in the summer).
They range from eager-to-please images of a pink Cadillac parked in a landscape and a roadside motel in the American West with a neon pink sign to a portrait of an aging cross-dresser posing with plastic pink flamingos.
Philip T. Reeker, a spokesman for the American Embassy in Baghdad, reiterated the American position on the Turkish military operation.
Michigan transportation officials said they were for the first time allowed to see a full inspection report in 2005 as part of a road expansion agreement.
Thus far, the business remains really solid.”
All that has changed with the hiring of C. Vivian Stringer, whose women’s basketball team made the finals of the national championship last year, and Greg Schiano, the football coach who last year led the Scarlet Knights to the Texas Bowl and a Top 20 ranking.
Palm is now forecasting revenue of $359 million to $361 million, with smartphone sales accounting for $300 million to $302 million.
“He always wanted to do a project with me outside advertising, and we didn’t know what it would take for that to happen,” Mr. Black said, sitting amid Tibetan bells, an African marimba and other exotic instruments in the soundproof recording studio that he had built in the barn behind his house.
But he was faulted as being aloof and spending too much time taking expensive junkets across the country.
There was no sound: all was silent in this new world.
Normally, meetings of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries are tepid affairs where ministers leave politics at the door and talk about oil inventory and supply and demand.
When North American Site Developers withdrew from the project, the arrangement with the other two companies collapsed because only North American Site Developers had the adequate financial strength for the job, several people involved in the deal said.
the ''rice and chicken man,'' is a humble man keeping hope alive under the el in Queens.
“That’s something you don’t understand at first — that in some ways the surgeon is the least important part of the team.
Pack three outfits: one for unusual cold, one for ideal weather and one for unusual heat.
“If anybody gets rowdy, it’s usually in a good way.” Even if it’s not, the Stone Pony is continuing an arrangement it made last year with the nearby Berkeley Carteret and Empress Hotels.
“It’s still fun, but if you want to get to college, you have to get that size.
Still unable to return, the company has found temporary space nearby at 125 Park Avenue, Mr. Gottlieb said, but only after executives spent three days reassuring clients that deadlines would be met, and teleconferencing by cellphone, from a lounge section of the Oyster Bar in Grand Central Terminal.
According to the filing, he is the chain’s largest investor, and also holds 7.7 percent of Blockbuster’s Class B shares.
Cumulatively, however, they create a group portrait of explorers with “the right stuff”: men with a much higher resistance to fear than average.
Declarer took his two winners in the suit (pitching a spade), ruffed his last diamond on the board, cashed the spade ace, played a spade to his king and ruffed a spade to bring down West’s queen.
The hostility only increased when Ms. Prestia complained to the Human Resources Department, which did not take action, the complaint states.
The Holocaust informs Christian Boltanski’s photogravures, derived from a photograph of the 1931 graduating class at a private Jewish high school in Vienna and broken into a grid of fuzzy, anonymous faces.
A national poll conducted for the Lifetime television network showed that nearly 40 percent of women feel that voting in the 2008 election will be more important than in previous years.
Within three days, Mr. Mayorga had a job at a clothing factory in Manhattan’s garment district.
In the same bill that established the bridge fund, Congress voted to spend $7.4 billion on such earmarks as a National First Ladies’ Library in Canton, Ohio ; a project to improve “rural domestic preparedness” in Kentucky ; and a high-speed ferry to the remote Matanuska-Susitna Borough in Alaska .
Mr. Schumer said Mr. Mukasey, a retired federal judge from New York, had “pledged to enforce such a law and repeated his willingness to leave office rather than participate in a violation of the law.” Initially welcomed by Democrats and Republicans alike when it was announced in September, Mr. Mukasey’s nomination appeared close to being derailed this week over his repeated refusal to declare to senators that the interrogation technique known as waterboarding was torture.
Louisiana State Coach Les Miles is considered the top choice to replace him, should he step down.
I believe that our leaders, including the media and the press, should do a better job educating us that there is more to happiness than the size of our houses or how many cars we have; a reliable health care system, a stable environment and national security are worth at least as much.
Other teams are turning to retreads like Trent Dilfer and Gus Frerotte.
Helio has an exclusive deal to offer MySpace features on its phones, which tend to be slicker and more multimedia-focused than those from more mainstream cellphone companies.
“He would do a lot better in the general here than he would do in the primary,” said Jack Hustead, who chairs the Apache County Republican Committee, “because in a primary, there are other options.”
They moved to Hillsborough, California in 1958 where she volunteered as a nurse while raising and guiding her family.
finals to such elements as the small-market teams involved and NBA.com.
Mr. Giuliani’s aides acknowledge that there is a line that should not be crossed — although their definition of that line is probably different from that of his opponents.
Wooden loved to preach the virtues of preparation and liked to say that activity was no substitute for achievement.
For dealers, go to www.vikingrange.com.
Once the FedEx Cup is over, the Tour reverts to the money list, and the top 125 keep their cards for 2008.
(N) (CC) THE OPEN MIND 9:30 A.M. AND 8:30 P.M. (CUNY) Richard McCormick, the president of Rutgers University, discusses the future role of public universities.
“I am so lucky I get to do so many things,” she concluded.
But just after sunrise yesterday, something truly strange was bobbing there in the shallows near Pier 41: a submarine fashioned almost completely from wood, and inside it a man with an obsession.
League officials and union officials both said they were unaware of which players had been or would be asked to speak to Mr. Mitchell.
There are two tables now.
“It is a complex view from South and Southeast Asia,” Mr. Bose said.
Providence Equity Partners and the News Corporation declined to comment on the deal, which sets a value on the joint venture of $1 billion.
Some of the 35 works assembled here seem so widely divergent in spirit and style that you wonder what they had in common.
“The Landlord,” Mr. Ashby’s directing debut, would disappear after its 1970 release — rarely shown and just as rarely discussed.
Brother of Teena Prata, Gloria Fidanzato and the late Vincent.
Others indicate the true figure is only 14 percent.
Last week at least 31 people were killed in a landslide that crushed a passenger bus traveling through a construction site near the reservoir.
The issue is when that will happen and what will cause it.”
Madison Avenue executives said that a Murdoch-owned Journal would be no less desirable a display environment.
Frank Bensel, an assistant club professional at Century Country Club in Purchase, N.Y., spent his opening nine holes on the leader board of the championship, only to see his round disintegrate in a maze of mistakes.
To the Editor: Where do the men go?
My favorite part is when the confronted cellphone talker replies, “Well, this is public space!” Since when did it become O.K.
After a gala last night headlined by Mrs. Clinton that raised $1 million, Mr. Clinton was scheduled to join her for a cocktail party this evening with the music producer Timbaland in Miami, and a second party where event chairmen were hoping to raise $100,000 each.
“It wasn’t romantic, it was summer camp.” And the proximity made the next step possible.
Each day he said he felt better.
'WILLIAM HENRY FOX TALBOT: SELECTIONS FROM A PRIVATE COLLECTION' A distinguished private European collection is the source of this ever so lovely exhibition devoted to William Henry Fox Talbot, the 19th-century English gentleman-scientist, author of numerous mathematical and scientific papers, and inventor of the negative-positive photographic process, the basis of most photography before the digital era.
Calculate the mileage guests will travel and offset their carbon dioxide emissions by donating to programs that plant trees or preserve rain forests.
The creekside resort shut in 1964, and most of the bungalows were sold.
Expulsion requires a two-thirds majority and has been used to remove just 15 senators since 1789, according to the Senate Web site.
“The gap between the challenges we face as a country and the trivializing of politics as ‘Entertainment Tonight’ is so stunning,” he said, “there’s a substantial public interest in a dialogue and a bipartisan, solution-oriented approach.” Mr. Cuomo has ruled himself out again as a presidential prospect.
The small turtles return to the same beaches each year to lay up to 100 eggs each.
“That probably is erring on the side of being overly cautious,” she said.
Deep-ocean explorers for the company, Odyssey Marine Exploration, located more than 500,000 silver coins weighing more than 17 tons, along with hundreds of gold coins and other artifacts, in a Colonial-era shipwreck in an undisclosed location in the Atlantic Ocean, the company said in a statement.
Cornerback Sam Madison is also out with a hamstring injury, straining the entire secondary.
Beloved twin sister and sister-in-law of Evelyn and Charles Falick, of NYC.
In the years after the Watergate scandal, he used adhesive tape to cover the signatures of President Nixon and Attorney General John N. Mitchell on the judicial commission that hung in his chambers, one of his former clerks, Paul M. Smith, recalled.
In “Rendition” a high-ranking C.I.A.
K&F makes aircraft wheels, brake systems and other parts.
''The board would have to choose between allowing all shareholders to sublet without approval or prohibiting any to sublet without approval,'' he said.
The price of the benchmark 10-year Treasury note fell 10/32, to 102 31/32.
It has been charming diners since its opening in May.
“I have a customer base that demands we produce and deliver product every day,” he said.
Some New York dancegoers will remember when the Paris Opera School, then under the direction of Claude Bessy, made an unprecedented visit to Lincoln Center in 1988 while its parent company was appearing at the Metropolitan Opera.
Soon enough, something really was against them: the Bloods.
In February, unidentified attackers in the province used a car bomb to kill 11 members of the Revolutionary Guard.
He will be remembered and missed for his love of art, music and desire to help children with nowhere else to turn.
Will his musical descendants be as motivated?
Good and Company), mother of Philip (deceased), Jay, Paul, Jenny and Heidi, died August 2, 2007 at the age of 67 of complications relating to kidney cancer.
For example, a brand advertised in Valassis coupon inserts in Sunday’s newspapers, sold by GPC Pet Products, is called World’s Best Cat Litter.
“We had them against the ropes a few times early,” Wright said.
A competing online game, World of Warcraft, made by Blizzard Entertainment, of Irvine, Calif., has, meanwhile, practically reshaped the game industry by attracting an enormous eight million paying users around the world.
The Armonk-based company had built mainframe computers in Poughkeepsie.
I was overjoyed to be participating in a cornerstone ritual of a faith I did not share, in a town out in the middle of nowhere that I never would have visited were it not for a young boy who used to knock on my door after school and ask if I wanted to come out and talk about the Romans.
Mr. Drexler won an Academy Award for “Al Otro Lado Del Río,” a song in “The Motorcycle Diaries,” but he didn’t perform it.
Mr. Bronfman declined to comment on the deal.
In a sports year unlike any other, 2007 too often meant scandal and sadness rather than success.
Also on my refrigerator is a cartoon by Arnie Levin in The New Yorker showing two elephants.
Haydn was only incidentally a pianist, as the modesty of his technical demands made clear.
They are primarily intended to replace tape backup drives, which thousands of small businesses use to back up their computers.
Local election boards have been frustrated by a long delay by the state in issuing a list of acceptable systems.
(The biography was issued in a new edition by Northeastern University in 1999.)
If you use gas you must cover the grill, and the crust is not nearly as attractive.
“We do not operate the other heliports in New York City because the type of activity conducted at these heliports is not core to our region’s commercial business and private air service conducted at the airports that the Port Authority manages,” Mr. Shorris wrote.
Also, the trip might be a way to drum up business and increase traffic at her Web site, renovationpsychology.com .
Over all, the program has provided some $3.4 billion in compensation across the country.
ET ORLANDO, Fla. -- An astronaut drove 900 miles and donned a disguise to confront a woman she believed was her rival for the affections of a space shuttle pilot, police said.
This year’s Rockefeller Center tree, an 84-foot, 9-ton Norway spruce, was cut from the backyard of a home in Shelton.
That’s the worldly, rich Manhattan businessman Ben Stone (Mr. Garber) and his wry, elegant wife, Phyllis (Ms. Murphy); and the bouncy, eager Midwestern salesman Buddy Plummer (Michael McGrath) and his wife, Sally (Ms. Clark), a cockeyed optimist gone toxic.
Eliot Spitzer , Senate Republicans sent out subpoenas on Friday to two of his top aides, Richard Baum and Darren Dopp, and sought hundreds of pages of documents and e-mail messages.
It is a densely packed optical extravaganza modeled after Dutch still lifes.
Second, much if not most of the subprime lending that is now going so catastrophically bad took place after it was clear to many of us that there was a serious housing bubble, and after people like Mr. Gramlich had issued public warnings about the subprime situation.
The babies are freed on the beach with the hope that they will return to the same spot when they are old enough to lay eggs of their own.
YouTube plans to open the program to more content creators over time.
The village’s original farmhouses, bungalows and Revolutionary War colonials on Old Route 202, Route 306 and Camp Hill Road once drew wealthy people seeking a summer retreat in Pomona.
A former senior Pakistani police official, Wajahat Latif, who headed the Federal Investigative Agency in the early 1990s, said that in “any case of a suspected murder an autopsy is mandatory.” To waive an autopsy, Mr. Latif said, relatives were required to apply for permission.
We communicate in the patient’s language and, among other things, adjust diets to make favorite ethnic foods healthier.
NBC's lineup, including ''Grease: You're the One That I Want'' at 8 (6.2 million) and ''The Apprentice'' in its new 10 o'clock time slot (6.6 million), finished last in the 18-to-49 set.
Luckily, tapas joints are commonplace around town these days, which is a good thing, although they're often tiny and packed, which is a bad thing.
Over the last few years, one lane or other has often been closed to traffic to allow for painting and repairs.
With Class A Brooklyn and Class AA Binghamton both at home, the Mets have options.
For most people, that’s the TiVo, satellite box or cable box.)
“Our group doesn’t espouse radical measures,” Mr. Mateo said.
Here Mr. Norris plants his victims — I mean characters — in an unnamed country in western Africa, the better to expose the limits of their humanity when they are confronted with extremes of corruption, poverty and suffering most of us only read about in newspapers.
“Every soldier here sees himself as a company leader,” he said.
New Jersey travelers would get a one-seat ride to Midtown Manhattan, instead of having to transfer, as many now do.
The storehouses are largely in disuse, and a handful of tourist traps have moved in.
“There is just no other word for it.” At the agency’s product testing lab, which operates out of a former missile defense radar station in Gaithersburg, Md., the impact of the tight budgets is apparent.
In “Medical Apartheid,” Harriet Washington charges that they have also too often been abused and exploited by a racist medical establishment.
She becomes a vapor, but she is still able to hug, speak, think about her clothes and drip tears on her tunic.
“It will be brought back again in September, and we will meet with people from the plastic industry, grocers and others, because the members of the committee wanted more details,” he said.
I was so stressed out.” If Mrs. Cameron had stayed at a nearby hotel, she might have been safe from this bad influence, but probably would have spent thousands of dollars.
In the decade since the Trio Mediaeval was formed in Oslo, it has built a reputation, in contemporary as well as ancient repertory, for impeccably refined vocalism.
But this is not a stretch.
But with a price tag of $25 million to bring the deteriorated buildings — two of which have broken heating systems — along with their mildewed hallways and 1940s-era electrical system, up to safety and sanitation standards — $8 million more than the housing agency’s maintenance budget for the entire city — containers are not high on Mr. Kinard’s list of priorities.
I just knew it had to be somewhere.
“You’re attacking a bank at a time when factors are quite supportive of it,” Mr. Hudson said.
Mr. Gonzales is a focus of investigations by the House and Senate Judiciary Committees, centered on his role in the dismissals of United States attorneys last year for what appear to have been political reasons.
The yield, which moves in the opposite direction from the price, fell to 4.77 percent, from 4.85 percent Wednesday.
On Wednesday, a local staff member of the United Nations in Myanmar and three of her family members were taken from their home in Yangon before dawn as part of a continuing crackdown on demonstrators, a United Nations official in Myanmar said.
I think I am a very people person; I'm very supportive.
At the Seven Hills Estates in East Hampton, for example, “any apparatus designed for the purpose of drying clothing” is banned outside.
Weekly World News held a kind of funhouse mirror up to much popular American belief.
In the casinos (lovingly recreated on a Hollywood studio soundstage), he is what’s known as a blaster, and in the course of “Lucky You” he repeatedly piles up big stacks of chips only to lose them on a rash bet.
One solution: Encourage the seller to increase prices, thus raising more money for ill children and discouraging resellers from swooping up the good toys, so you and your daughter can swoop them up.
The last time Federer lost two matches in a row was more than four years ago.
The city is home to the kind of shopping one could find on Rodeo Drive, as well as the kind of ferocious poverty that defines the third world.
“We call on the U.S. to learn from this experience; they should not take part in any internal conflict or take sides.
While Seurat sometimes distanced himself from the recreational bliss of the Impressionists with images of workers and entertainers, the Divisionists were unusually conscious of social inequities and the ways industrialization was making them worse.
He is on his way now.” Across the courtroom, in the jury box, courtroom artists peered at Mr. Kerik through opera glasses, sketching him in profile.
He was one of several well-known Romanian intellectuals who reportedly had fascist leanings and supported the Iron Guard in the ’30s.
In the fourth quarter, revenue was $232 million, growing 100 percent from the year-earlier quarter.
We mourn the loss of our esteemed member and extend heartfelt condolences to his family.
They are Horton Foote , 91; Edward Albee , who turns 80 in March; and Tom Stoppard , a mere 70, all luxuriantly creative and productive artists, whose collected works could fill a library wing.
But Mr. Alswang changed her mind.
In July, a steam pipe explosion in Midtown left one woman dead from a heart attack and dozens injured.
“I went to their rabbi and I said, ‘Look, it’s like the war of Gog and Magog,’” Mr. Shmueli said.
“It’s like fashion.” Amen to that.
Three of the four suicide bombers who attacked London’s transit system in July 2005 were British Pakistanis, and other British Pakistanis have been convicted in recent terrorism trials.
Although the book wasn’t published in Britain, it could be bought there online.
about the videotapes was delivered to a small group of senior lawmakers in February 2003 by Scott W. Muller, then the agency’s general counsel.
He said the leadership had changed tack and had recognized in the last few days the need to negotiate a way forward.
Ms. Zagano, a senior research associate-in-residence at Hofstra University and, more to the point, someone whose family has lived on Long Beach Island since 1926, admits that she “just went ballistic” when she learned the 8-to-9 a.m. window of postal opportunity was being discontinued on Oct. 1.
Her good friend Doug Hamilton, a film director and producer, came along to help carry our reusable cloth shopping bags.
But a month ago, Mr. Rivera returned home.
Mr. Hynes’s predecessor, Elizabeth Holtzman, requested Mr. Mondrowitz’s extradition in 1985, but at the time the offenses did not qualify as grounds for extradition under Israeli law, according to a memo written by federal officials and obtained by Mr. Lesher.
Lowell, who can become a free agent after the season, has been more reliable than any other player on the team.
Some of these kids, indeed, might end up having more of a “college” experience when they enter the workplace than beforehand.
The labels say that piracy has made the effort futile.
Howard Taubman, writing about “Virginia Woolf” in The New York Times, praised Mr. Grizzard’s ability to shift “from geniality to intensity with shattering rightness.” Vincent Canby, reviewing “A Delicate Balance” in 1996, wrote admiringly about the way Mr. Grizzard’s character exploded when cornered.
He is also the editor of “The Complete Lyrics of Cole Porter,” “The Complete Lyrics of Ira Gershwin” and “Cole Porter: Selected Lyrics.”
TURER--Helen, on October 10, 2007, died peacefully at her daughter's home in Vermont.
He hadn’t been around the first time to hear about the massaging, which gives new meaning to the phrase spa cuisine.
NUGGETS 125, BUCKS 105 Marcus Camby had a triple-double and Carmelo Anthony posted his fourth straight double-double for host Denver.
At heart, “Winterwood” is a Gothic ghost story, complete with branches tapping on windows and the smell of mildew signaling the devil’s arrival.
Obesity makes it more difficult to do diagnostic tests like ultrasounds and can lead to hypertension and diabetes, which can cause the fetus to be undernourished, he said.
The average NetJets fractional-share owner spends about $300,000 a year on flying over and above the initial purchase cost, Mr. Santulli said.
His pain over, the world can finally mourn him and honor the kind and graceful years he shared with us all.
Mr. Craig, who is trying to revoke the misdemeanor guilty plea he entered last month after an encounter with an undercover police officer in the Minneapolis-St. Paul airport, surprised his colleagues by turning up to vote on District of Columbia issues.
A French documentary goes inside a castle near Moscow where a nationalist demagogue is laying the groundwork for a Russian fascist movement.
Senator Barack Obama has especially questioned “what experiences she’s claiming” as first lady, noting that the job is not the same as being a cabinet member, much less president.
The founders of Pinkberry, the company known for its sour frozen yogurt with esoteric toppings, apparently think so.
“I’m like, ‘Hurry up, holidays, just come and go so I can just get on with my life,’” Ms. Joseph said.
South Korea, Cambodia and Laos — other Asian countries ravaged by war several decades ago —have also become popular among tourists and serious about promoting their offerings.
But there is disagreement about this, and some studies have not shown a risk from such spikes.
“When I write a bio for a celebrity,” she writes, “what I leave out is just as important as what I include.” She’ll mention her client’s beauty, talent, ambition, and hit roles, “but I’d never include the three divorces, the decade of psychotherapy, her penchant for martinis, and the liposuction, nose job” or hair extensions, she writes.
Estela Luna Vásquez, 39, whose husband received a 36-year sentence for taking part in the Acteal massacre, insists that he was home with her on the afternoon of Dec. 22 when she heard all that gunfire down the road.
Last week, Starwood disclosed that it had signed a one-year contract with one of its directors, Bruce W. Duncan, to serve as interim chief executive.
If and when the answer is yes, that’s a college worthy of support, and all the alumni gifts and tax breaks can never be enough.
According to a recent study, Denmark’s key to happiness is lowered expectations.
We came across a very small outpost on the west coast and went to this beach bar.
There was no hint of change until 1890, when Bennett hired McKim, Mead & White to design a new headquarters for the paper on the peculiar trapezoidal block from 35th to 36th Streets between Sixth Avenue and Broadway.
Walk a few blocks to the popular crafts market, Centro Artesanal la Ciudadela (Balderas y Plaza de la Ciudadela, 1 and 5; www.laciudadela.com.mx ).
“Extraordinary Exhibitions,” here at the Hammer Museum (it’s only on until Nov. 25, so consider yourself forewarned), presents part of his collection, about 80 marvelous works.
What was your first passport stamp?
WASHINGTON, May 30 (Agence France-Presse) — Bristol-Myers Squibb has agreed to plead guilty and pay a $1 million criminal fine for lying to the government about a patent deal on its blood-thinning drug Plavix, officials said Wednesday.
It has made Wakefield one of the most productive pitchers in Red Sox history, with 153 victories in 13 seasons.
Our building substantially reduced its electric demand at the same time as the Queens blackout last summer.
Ms. Caughman was also counting on help from her elderly parents, who would move into the downstairs apartment and help out with the mortgage on the $515,000 house.
His mother is the New Jersey and Pennsylvania district manager of sales and distribution for Ethan Allen, a manufacturer and retailer of home furnishings, in Chester Springs, Pa. His father owns Hoyt’s Properties, residential construction contractors in Lancaster.
And while those most likely to be working while commuting are exempt-category workers like managers, experts say, the need to bring the office onto the bus is creeping into the lives of workers qualified for overtime, too.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the A.L.S.
Cornered in a bunker during the D-Day invasion, he’s urged by a fellow soldier to use his English to surrender, and does so to save the life of a terrified underage boy in his unit.
The machinations of poetic fame-making be damned.
A private guide for the duration of your stay -- preferably one whose father taught your father.
The viewing will take place from 4 to 9 p.m. tomorrow and Wednesday at the funeral home, at 1895 Flatbush Avenue.
Then, when South played a club to dummy’s jack, East took three tricks in the suit and shifted to a spade, giving West two tricks there for down one.
William D. Eggers, a Lutheran minister, officiated at the Hilton Rye Town, a hotel in Rye Brook, N.Y. Mrs. Rai, 28, is an operations manager in the Manhattan office of the retail sales and service subsidiary of Canon.
The problem with them is that they have no real national leaders.” The arrest last month of a former defense minister who had criticized Mr. Saakashvili and accused him of crimes also galvanized the opposition.
SAUL--Stephen Henry , Ph.D. Scholar, Teacher, Humanist, died peacefully at home in Honolulu of AUL on August 29, 2007.
“I just happen to think that there’s a better candidate: me.” But Mr. McCain, who was looking at the debate to breathe new life into his struggling campaign, did engage Mr. Romney on several issues.
But unlike your woven Bottega Veneta or burnished Mulberry bags, that homely nylon sack will spend its fashion afterlife choking animals to death or littering the beaches of Bora Bora for the next million or so years.
“How could a Main Line only child of Jewish parents, some of whose family had been killed in the Holocaust, marry a Dutch-German?” Their careers were intertwined from the start — she had her first published article, about a girl she treated in a children’s therapy group in Philadelphia who chronically soiled herself, translated into German, which Coché likes to say she learned “to talk to her mother-in-law.” She and Erich wrote an academic book together about couples groups and led the group together until the very end of his life, when the cancer left him weak and muddled.
The Panamanian government last year inadvertently mixed the industrial solvent into 260,000 bottles of cold medicine, killing at least 100 people, prosecutors there said.
Now their final attempt to get a murder conviction is set to begin, with a military court hearing on Thursday for Staff Sgt.
Loss is not without its curious advantages for the artist.
Sadly, I will not be on the road myself this year, making the cross-country trip to spend the Fourth with Willie and his “family.” But next Wednesday you can bet I’ll be chilling a watermelon and a case of beer, going out to the backyard and firing up the charcoal grill where I’ll watch the flames dance and the meat sizzle, listening all the while to Willie’s American anthems on my stereo.
“I think it is the most brilliant caricature of an important part of American culture that I’ve seen,” he said.
The exhibition will run through Nov. 23.
“It’s an asbestos river anyway,” he said.
(Mr. Agassi and his wife, Steffi Graf — another top-ranked tennis star — have hotels being built in Costa Rica and in Idaho.)
Loan.com’s “bill of rights” stipulates, among other things, that companies give prospective borrowers “upfront, full disclosure of all lending fees,” and they act as borrowers’ advocates.
But some lawmakers demanded more information about its legal basis and what protections there were to ensure that the government was not peering into the homes of Americans.
Instead the base consisted of a can of any premade tomato sauce and a can of any old crushed tomatoes.
Open Saturdays from 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. PLEASANTVILLE FARMERS’ MARKET Memorial Plaza off Manville Road.
The juju varies, though, which means the antidotes must, too.
ON THE WATER'S EDGE AND BEYOND WHERE TO STAY The Courtyard Burlington Harbor (25 Cherry Street, 802-864-4700, 800-321-2211; www.marriott.com ).
Five restaurants won a third star, Michelin's highest rating, in its new guide for France.
They mean honing a set of instincts, learning to see relationships among colors or objects or spaces.
Spain, in pictures, was all ocher light and castles, Quixote mills, women in flamenco dresses.
She said the financing for the Second Avenue subway would be the second-largest federal expenditure ever on a single mass transit project.
That the artists adopted certain Occidental forms to do so — oil on canvas, for example — only confirmed that the West had won again, bringing light to a benighted world.
and shopping for knickknacks and comics at a junk shop.
(Its members had vowed to drop the name if any member quit.)
He also said Mr. Huckabee's question was rooted in genuine ignorance.
On Sept. 30 there will also be one, with Nathaniel Philbrick, at the Nantucket Atheneum on Nantucket, where the Halberstam family has a home.
I’ll now put the tape in a public archive.
But had I walked in through the front, they would talk and act in a very different manner.
It’s also a source of considerable apprehension, since in late-late adolescence the party boys are still incomplete.
The best way to save Buffalo, he reasons, is to mow down the buildings on these properties — starting with the ones deemed the worst fire hazards or those near schools — and encourage church groups, entrepreneurs and neighbors to build homes in their place.
Instead, the news media give voters the horse race, or as the study put it, “the game of politics.” This is what I hear from some readers, but after taking a close look at The Times’s coverage, in the newspaper and online, I think it is doing a better job than it gets credit for.
For a long time, scientific research wasn’t very good at explaining this gap.
You never know if the guy behind you will step up and be a star in this league.” Coles hopes to be opportunistic again on Sunday against the Bills (0-3), and two factors suggest he and the Jets’ offense could rack up serious yardage: a healthier Chad Pennington and a rapidly thinning Buffalo defense.
TODAY, OF COURSE , war is no longer a matter for conjecture.
The Frontline proposal, for example, calls for flexible access by public safety agencies to a wide section of spectrum in the event of emergencies.
Mr. Giuliani, who once considered becoming a priest, was brief when asked in Nashua about the archbishop’s statement.
“You see a lot of people with those stickers that say, ‘I’m a health care voter.’ Well, I want to be the health care president.” The Democratic presidential candidates are collecting more than Republicans from virtually every sector of the industry — pharmaceuticals , insurers and health maintenance organizations, doctors, hospitals and nursing homes , according to the analysis.
In a sense, the industry is reverting to longstanding practices in place before the late 1990s, when subprime borrowers struggled to find mortgages with down payments of less than 20 or 30 percent.
Some people contend that fire suppression is itself responsible for the catastrophic events, because it has allowed for an unnatural accumulation of flammable vegetation.
It is a 1950 Worcester Lunch Car, wedged into a strip of boutiques, restaurants and local stores on Main Street.
“Go be with your daughter,” he says.
The company’s markets were declining and there was turmoil at the top.
A third effort, to create a crude signaling system with a series of dynamite blasts on the surface and a high-tech microphone to listen back for tapping in response, was being brought in on Tuesday by helicopter.
A teenager who pleaded guilty to killing one man and wounding another in a series of 2006 Indiana highway sniper shootings was sentenced Thursday to 42 years in prison.
While rockets are regularly fired into Israel from the Gaza Strip, none have yet been fired from the West Bank.
CONTACT: Jeffrey Hobgood, Sotheby’s International Realty Beverly Hills (310) 305-7653; www.liveoakdrive.com
BMW is introducing the 1 Series next year with a lower point of entry for the aspirant.
Bowyer started in the back of the pack and flew to the front to challenge the more expensive cars of Hendrick Motorsports.
Considering the significance attached to their eight previous games — the tense four-game series in Philadelphia, the emotional three-game sweep in Atlanta, and Pedro Martínez’s dramatic return Monday — no one could have blamed the Mets for viewing Tuesday’s game as somewhat anticlimactic.
His scenes are rigorously executed sight gags, in which the emotions of his blank-faced characters are externalized by the whims of geometry and minor violations of the laws of physics.
“My clients are thinking about this because they love their land and they don’t want to see it developed, paved over or turned into a shopping mall,” he said.
Shortly before the official announcement of his ascension at a crowded news conference came a ceremonious rearrangement of the dais.
In one instance, audience members were using their Playbills to shield their eyes from the harsh reflection of a mirrored prop.
In Alabama, where politicians rarely challenge the death penalty, the state is developing a “consciousness awareness test” for inmates being executed, but state officials maintained that the action was unconnected to the Supreme Court decision.
It is unclear how soldiers in war zones will be affected.
“People used to get trashed at parties, but they don’t dare now because of cellphones taking photos,” says Robert Ferrell, the director of the modeling agency Marilyn.
Just over 12 hours later in Colorado Springs, an hour’s drive to the south of Arvada, a gunman also clad in dark clothing invaded the grounds of the New Life Church, a 14,000-member institution founded by the Rev.
This could unsettle the gallery scene's home-away balance of power in interesting ways.
While politicians waved bloody shirts and championed lost causes, the railroad barons seized effective control of the government: “The United States in these years took on the lineaments of a Latin American party-state, an oligarchy ratified in rigged elections, girded by bayonets and given a genial historical gloss by its raffish casting.” Beatty was not always so intolerant of raffish historical characters.
In an e-mail message sent Feb. 22, according to the complaint, the president of eAppraiseIT, Anthony R. Merlo Jr., told other executives: “we have agreed to roll over and just do it.” The complaint says that he was referring to the pressure from Washington Mutual to use appraisers it preferred.
In others, like one filed in May against a former employee of Oracle, one spouse is accused of misappropriating confidential information from the other and using it to make a quick profit in the market.
He has 41 touchdowns at West Virginia, one short of the team record shared by Ira Errett Rodgers and Avon Cobourne.
She has been working out every morning, walking or biking with weights strapped to her ankles.
It is not clear where Haynes fits in; by his admission, he is making a major adjustment playing in a 3-4 defense for the first time.
As in her earlier works, Ms. Dillard, a naturalist whose terrain extends to metaphysics, is often looking at the cosmos when she appears to be writing about horseshoe crabs, seals or even feral children.
Bernie is survived by his wife of 53 years, Roberta, daughter, Nancy, son, Jeff, daughter-in-law Lisa, two grandchildren, Alexandra and Max.
It’s a thin line between love of wild mushrooms and death.
''The goal is to elevate the level of craft,'' Mr. Burks said, to create a sustainable source of income for the community.
The measure was written by Representative Barney Frank, Democrat of Massachusetts, and pushed aggressively by the delegation from New York and surrounding areas.
But no matter how hard they try, they cannot take in enough air.
“You won’t be invisible to the next president of the United States.” The invisibility metaphor debuted as a fixture in her stump speech in New Hampshire in early March, and since then she has used it to cast herself as a barrier-breaker who would take other people over the barrier, too.
There are recipes here, but many people won’t need them.
“I’m looking for a 15 percent drop to be comfortable.” Mr. Loeb’s lawyer, Adam Leitman Bailey, said he had received at least one call a day from Wall Street workers with annual incomes of $600,000 to $5 million saying they think prices may drop next year.
“You couldn’t see who it was because his head was underwater,” Steve Stricker said after teaming with Scott Verplank to deliver the only victory for the United States team.
‘‘Only four more to go.’’ Next week: Alison Left and Dick Treekape find themselves alone together.
He served in the U.S. Navy aboard the USS Oregon City, during WWII.
The goal, off the stick of Toronto defenseman Pavel Kubina in the second period, knocked the Rangers from their small comfort zone and started the Maple Leafs on their way to a 4-1 victory.
After the sentence was read, Mr. Edington was handcuffed and led away as his wife fell to her knees.
And Sabah al-Khafaji, technical director of the State Company for Automotive Industry, based in western Babil, said allocating projects within the province had become intensely political, based on the need for members of the provincial council to deliver for their constituents.
That partly explains why stuttering is an element of Our Time’s performances: to foster acceptance.
Not all video clips on YouTube are reassuring.
He graduated cum laude from Penn.
In the new, parallel electronic universe of OLEDs, though, carbon-based organic materials provide the glow.
But, according to a letter sent to news organizations by a group of former ambassadors and foreign secretaries, those decrees have created deep divisions in society and will further destabilize the country.
The evening honored Jeff Koons and Richard Prince.
One of 17 areas named by the city as recovery zones ripe for private investment, Tulane Avenue is lined with boarded-up buildings and bail bond offices.
Mr. Mandelson will also have to consider whether a further surge of imports is likely to follow once construction for the Beijing Olympics is completed.
We don’t think there’s a claim here.” Asked whether the new catalogue might influence the situation, Mr. Frackman said: “I doubt that it’s going to have any new information if it’s based on the same postwar material.” According to the Weidinger catalogue, “Blooming Meadow” was sold after the war by a gallery in Vienna to a collector, Rudolf Leopold, who then sold it to Mr. Sabarsky.
Forward Miroslav Satan dumped the puck into the zone on a power play and it took a weird bounce off a seam in the glass directly back into the Rangers’ crease, where goalie Henrik Lundqvist could not control it.
Fan Pier illustrates the Seaport District’s potential.
“For me, it has become impossible during the week,” he said.
Wei-Sender had brought home an overtrick.
The defendants agreed to contribute toward the cleanup costs, even though they deny wrongdoing.
Even in Beethoven’s time such length was considered unreasonable.
That lineup has been augmented at the Blue Note by the guitarist Russell Malone, who seems to have had a bracing effect on the music.
They walked out into the Washington night, ready.
Updike seems almost to know what we are thinking.
David Lowry, an Episcopal priest, officiated at the nondenominational ceremony at the Prince George Ballroom.
Congress’s failure to pass meaningful immigration reform and the coming elections have made our current immigration law dysfunction more of an optical political football than ever.
When he realized what he had done, Mr. Perrin said, he broke down, hugged the pilot and begged for forgiveness.
But he acted humorously exasperated, as he always does when the talk turns introspective.
In the 80’s, a 7 a.m. appointment was a sign that you were so important you had to start before dawn.
It was Texas’ worst home defeat in 10 years, and it seems even more baffling now that the Wildcats have lost four conference games.
In stark contrast stands the disaster of present-day South Africa.
“It’s going to be a long, slow process.” Richard Moody, chief economist at Mission Residential, a real estate investment firm, predicted a jump in foreclosures that would add to inventory woes.
The Darfur conflict has been marked by brutal intertribal violence in which the Sudanese government has armed Arab militias to fight the non-Arab insurgents.
The week before Christmas, dancers stretched backstage and watched their colleagues during a performance of ''The Nutcracker'' at the New York State Theater at Lincoln Center.
“I don’t think anyone on this commission understands how many inspections M.S.H.A.
“I’m just glad to be here,” Martin said.
DeMarco criticized the National Football League Players Association and its executive director, Gene Upshaw, for failing to do enough for disabled players.
Parents spend around $500 million every year buying nearly 95 million boxes containing 3.8 billion doses of medicine.
And why was Bob Dylan saying, in another perplexing song, that everyone would get pelted with rocks?
Seth Blumenfeld, President Hildy Wagenheim, Secretary $(6$)GELLER--Melville B., on February 8.
PENGUINS 3, COYOTES 1 The rookies Kris Letang and Tyler Kennedy scored in the final nine minutes for host Pittsburgh, which was won four of its last five games.
“When I’m worrying about something, this is the perfect space for quieting my thoughts and just being in the moment,” Ms. White said.
TRENTLER--Theodore R., Sr., passed away on November 29, 2007.
Passages Malibu (310) 589-2880; www.passagesmalibu.com .
“Dollars are clearly shifting from traditional advertising to other ways brands can connect with consumers,” said Bruce A. Eatroff, a partner at Halyard in New York.
In any event, the concert was tremendously exciting, though as always some of the credit goes to the setting for this popular series: an actual barge docked at the Fulton Ferry Landing near the Brooklyn Bridge and seating about 160.
Cherished husband of Anita for 59 years, beloved father of Ken, Marjory and Andy, and father-in-law to Helen and Jeanne, adored ''Poppy'' and champion whipped cream maker to Gregg, Amanda, Jack and Allie.
Occasionally these come as a breath of fresh air.
But then, a momentary reprieve.
Does he want the Baath to return to Iraq?” One American soldier was killed in southern Baghdad on Tuesday, the American military said.
She wears a long orange scarf and four or five silver bracelets with her black top and pants.
Good news, Mr. Greer said: Their neighborhood, near Edgewood Park in the city’s western end, was quiet this evening.
Barber’s run was one of eight “big plays,” defined by Coughlin as runs of at least 10 yards and completions of at least 25 yards.
“I grew up here,” he said.
It’s silver, and it’s my favorite friend ever.
CHUCK This comedy-drama about a nerdy tech-store clerk whose brain becomes a storehouse of government secrets (don't ask how) is one of the few shows this season with a chance to break out as a real hit, largely because of the appealing lead performance by Zachary Levi, who seems likely to emerge as a star whether in this show or some other.
But Michael and Barbara Nosti, the owners, quickly rebuilt the site to its former roadside glory, reopening in October.
Still, it’s hard to think of another genre where a couple of 50-somethings can crank out hits, year after year.
With the Yankees’ empire in decline, the implications for Boston are significant and perhaps terrifying.
But he was delighted with a simple, almost austere soup made from dashi, the Japanese stock, with scallions and droplets of oil from toro, the fatty tuna.
Health care remained troubled, with profits down on slightly increased sales.
When the unassuming Mr. Yano became head of investment at one of Japan’s biggest pension funds in 2001, corporate executives here assumed that he was simply another former bureaucrat parachuting into semiretirement.
Though he occasionally descends into the winespeak of Brix, malolactic and trellising, Mr. Heimoff stands back as his subjects reveal their industry and themselves.
Though he is a summer resident, he said, he is also deeply involved with local organizations like Guild Hall and the Thomas Moran Trust.
Ten United is based in Columbus, Ohio, and also has offices in Orlando, Fla., and Pittsburgh.
But as these troubles seep into other parts of the securities markets, fears of losses are rising in unexpected places.
Kathleen is distraught at this news, but not surprised.
Then our yogi, Erin Lindbergh, summed up how it feels to spend a slow Sunday morning on the edge of the earth in a tropical nirvana where all of nature seems to be on Viagra .
But, though they may be less adorable than penguins and less gripping than melting ice caps, resort owners and tour operators will be directly and strongly affected by climate change .
During a recent press day for “Interview,” the current feature directed by Mr. Buscemi, Mr. DiCillo barged in with a video crew, asking Mr. Buscemi tongue-in-cheek questions and creating a good-natured scene.
They were looking for a special way to promote their cause.
He had an unerring sense of the decisive moment, concocting scenes in which viewers get a sense that something dramatic is about to happen.
In Cuyahoga County, which includes Cleveland and surrounding suburbs, roughly 30 percent of subprime mortgages are either delinquent or in foreclosure, says Jim Rokakis, the county treasurer.
Bill Richardson of New Mexico on Saturday and Sunday.
Most of the advertiser deals made during the May sales period were based, for the first time, on commercial ratings, which will include three days of DVR playback.
In the summer of 1999, the indictment said, Mr. Rumore directed union members to put up a tent for a “social occasion” at his father’s house in Queens.
Preheat oven to 200 degrees.
I speak very little Italian.
The sergeant, Tommaso Popolizio, 33, of Roseland, died while pursuing William Rodriguez, 22, who escaped in a stolen squad car shortly before 4 a.m. on Saturday, the police said.
DONOVAN--Richard P. The Directors and Staff of The New York Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children mourn the death of our dear friend, Richard P. Donovan.
The World Health Organization estimates that each person with TB infects 10 to 15 other people, usually by coughing the germs into the air.
Formerly of Rockville Centre Long Island, Fairfield, CT, Westfield, NJ and Pittsburgh, PA.
The closest to her heart was HIP (Heightened Independence & Progress), where contributions may be made, 131 Main St., Hackensack, NJ 07601.
This year, the administration found an actual problem with FISA: It requires a warrant to eavesdrop on communications between foreigners that go through computers in the United States.
Manama, Bahrain Growing up in Minnesota, one of my favorite things was going to the state fair each summer and watching the guy who would guess your weight within 5 pounds.
In sharp contrast to that work’s chiseled exactitude, the String Quartet (1965) represented the composer’s later style of open-score notation, in which a formal structure offered leeway for improvisational flexibility.
The man she left with raped her and stabbed her to death, a gruesome murder that became the inspiration for the book and movie “Looking for Mr. Goodbar” with Diane Keaton as the doomed teacher.
The popular town of Kailua Kona, with restaurants, shops and night spots, is 10 miles away, and the Kona International Airport at Keahole, which has flights from the mainland, is only a bit farther.
The Redskins, coming off a 5-11 season, are 2-0 and tied with the Dallas Cowboys atop the National Football Conference East.
It’s true Sonchai is now married to Chanya, the main prostitute in “Bangkok Tattoo,” a somewhat troubling development for the hero of a detective series, especially when a returning love interest turns him into an adulterer.
Her advisers said any evolution was the result of policy judgment reflecting the changing circumstances of the war, rather than a politically calculated repackaging.
“We’ve got a hell of an opportunity,” he told his players in a sandpapery voice when he halted practice two days before the game.
The film was withdrawn from the party’s Web site after the men who acted in it sued, arguing they were unaware of its purpose.
The federal researchers, led by Katherine Flegal, of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said the big picture they found was surprisingly complex.
Rather than expanding the scale of his paintings to accommodate his newfound, florid gesturing, Mr. Jensen maintains a controlled, compressed format.
Budding horticulturists may enjoy a romp through the International Rose Test Garden , also in Washington Park.
Some sunscreens already contain UVA-protective ingredients like zinc oxide or titanium dioxide.
Like many Southerners of his era, Monroe left Kentucky as a young man, going north in 1929 for factory work, and a central theme in bluegrass is a deep longing for home.
Interment at St. Ann's Cemetery, Sayville.
But do ask to see the catalog for the gallery’s recent Beijing roundup of contemporary Indian art.
Mr. Bush also announced yesterday that he was replacing Acting Attorney General Paul Clement, who was to serve until the Senate confirmed Mr. Gonzales’s successor, with Peter Keisler, a hard-line movement conservative.
At their most inflamed, at the climax of the Danse Infernale, they then do the kind of dance phrases (a hopping arabesque to this beat, a big upper-body gesture to that one, next a double pirouette, then a jump) that look, for all their energy, like mere rote work.
Championship at Whistling Straits, where he missed the cut.
Among those who will be keeping close tabs on Panama is Yahoo’s chief executive, Terry S. Semel.
He then joined Robert Saudek Associates, a television production company, where he helped produce “Leonard Bernstein and the New York Philharmonic” and the PBS documentary series “Omnibus.” From 1962 to 1967, he worked at CBS as a writer, producer and director.
Lay the slices in one layer on a baking sheet and drizzle with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil.
Maybe the hats come out only for this special occasion, but the men wore them with aplomb.
Shecter edited “Ball Four,” Jim Bouton’s 1969 diary about pitching for the Seattle Pilots, and Golenbock’s use of Shecter suggests a link between this novel and Bouton’s book.
He graduated from Wabash College in Indiana, and has a law degree from Indiana University.
that there was sufficient evidence to support that there were lapses in participant care and follow-up,” the group wrote in a July letter that Ms. Rafsky made available to The New York Times.
“Can they recover fast enough to make the next run, is going to be the question.” The Hall of Fame second baseman Red Schoendienst said a pennant race could be tough, especially on a young team.
Mark Satterwhite , a University of Louisville music professor who directs the award program, said: “Each song represents a different stage of love, from first passion to the end of life.
For HBO: Nancy Abraham, senior producer; Sheila Nevins, executive producer.
Originally billed as a Moulin Rouge-style theater of the extreme, the Box has mostly settled into its role as a purveyor of kitschy, Las Vegas-style exotica and extremely pricey drinks.
Still, how can workouts be lighthearted when the point is to make quantifiable strides?
Mangini has encouraged the captains — Vilma, defensive end Shaun Ellis, quarterback Chad Pennington, wide receiver Laveranues Coles, place-kicker Mike Nugent and linebacker Brad Kassell — to tackle issues that are holding back the team.
The heavyhanded biblical literalism of creationist science evolves into the feints and curlicues of intelligent design, and the casual dismissiveness with which scientists long regarded the anti-evolutionists gives way to a belated awareness that, gee, the public doesn’t seem to realize how fatuous the other side is, and maybe it’s time to combat the creationist phylum head on.
He and Stewart have clashed several times on the track, although they say they are buddies now.
There are a few ways to differentiate the identical twin brothers Rhamel and Shamel Bratton.
They faced these challenges, and they brought about the change that America needed.''
Countrywide’s share price was up 561 percent over the 10 years ended last December.
But being unscrupulous in bed does not presage being inept on the bench, and so you should keep this demoralizing episode to yourself.
It’s also much cheaper for winemakers than buying new barrels every year.
Attorney General Edmund G. Brown Jr. of California said: “This agreement — while not perfect — is a positive step towards greater competition in the software industry.
“Suspicion is running very high as to who you can trust, as far as officers,” said James W. Wagner, a former official of the Federal Bureau of Investigation who is president of the Chicago Crime Commission, an 88-year-old organization of business leaders.
But smaller investment banks may be seriously thrown off course; already, according to insiders, they are becoming more careful about deploying capital elsewhere.
Standing ovation for Mr. Stevens.
Grace was born two days after 9/11.
Grossman got up momentarily, but he went down again and again.
One is the work of Cory Kidd, a graduate student who designed and built 17 humanoid robots to serve as weight-loss coaches.
TRENTON ALL jokes aside about what portion of the state’s population could be ineligible to vote, the New Jersey Constitution does actually bar idiots from voting.
Mr. Buono walked over to the van’s passenger side and recognized a friend, Mr. Clancy.
Memorial service will be private.
A woman wears a gown that appears to be made of peacock feathers, and a large blue butterfly flaps gently in circles around her.
For his part Bob remembers compartmentalizing work and family life and resenting being nagged about domestic matters while he was on the job.
Balloting for Parliament will be held across Russia in December, and this much is already clear: Vladimir A. Ryzhkov, who was first elected in the turbulent yet hopeful days after the Soviet Union’s fall and then blossomed into a fervent advocate for democracy, will lose.
Hybels traced the “J curve” of mounting deaths from war through the centuries.
He testified that he remembered being told something about Mr. Kerik’s experience as a security consultant in Saudi Arabia, but little else.
Over the last decade, the authorities throughout Los Angeles County have arrested more than 450,000 juveniles, Ms. Rice said, while gang membership doubled.
On a Sunday night, only days after Prosser had died, they joined some current players in a spirited pick-up game that lasted until around midnight.
The action comes amid a deepening mortgage crisis nationwide that has bankrupted more than 50 lenders, many of them ones that had served borrowers with weak, or subprime, credit.
There are still the waves of anxiety between shows (she has nothing lined up after “The Homecoming”), the self-doubt, the debt and the bout of eczema after “Moon” closed.
But open and comfortable breast-feeding is quintessential daytime Park Slope.
Two Israeli settlers out hiking with a friend near Hebron were shot and killed Friday by Palestinians driving by, according to the Israeli police.
After two hours of such tidbits the palate is sated.
In today’s splintered society, if you want to operate successfully, you have to understand the intense identity groups that are growing and moving, fast and furious, in crisscrossing directions.” In the United States, he notes, these society-changing “microtrends” can involve as few as three million people, about 1 percent of the population.
Mr. Gore added that he perceived no general backlash among scientists against his work.
This will have selling spaces of 1,400 square feet on the ground floor and 700 square feet on the mezzanine.
(Adult membership is a total of $75 a year for both facilities.)
Before the introduction of gene synthesis, Mr. Kuhn had to isolate the genes from the virus itself, then put them into bacteria to have them produce the proteins.
These practices, examples of the so-called agency problem, are a product of corporate structures that allow managers — i.e., agents — to feather their own nests at the expense of owners — i.e., investors — whose interests they are supposed to serve.
“Through violence, you may solve one problem, but you sow the seeds for another,” is one of his statements that politicians everywhere might meditate upon.
“As long as sales continue to go up, I’m in good shape.” Katja Stokley, a software engineer for a satellite builder in Colorado, also cited her job performance as a factor in her assignment to a project that requires her to travel often.
And, she admits, to suitors.
Reposing at Martin A. Gleason Funeral Home, 10-25 150th Street, Whitestone.
Since reuniting with my daughter, one of my favorite pastimes has been seeing me in her, her in me: The way she grinds her teeth and answers the phone, holds a purse across her solar plexus.
It’s becoming a much wealthier place.
He is said to have found the brash Salomon culture of big egos, big risks and even bigger salaries to be out of step with his down-to-earth demeanor.
But tell him when he gets to spring training to get a first baseman’s glove, just in case.
“It’s all politics,” he said of the Senate’s inquiries.
executive who worked for Allen.
“People are working harder for less.
As Kassan Camacho joined in, the neighbors at last pulled the moaning man from the wreckage by his arms, just as the first emergency vehicles — fire engines, police cars and ambulances — began to arrive in a chorus of wailing sirens.
But sometimes it comes surprisingly close.
You’re less eager to circumnavigate them than you might be in a more groovy environment.
One is that we should take jazz’s old, disappearing virtues of sound and form where we find them.
Of the visiting companies I shall remember best Ballet British Columbia as seen in John Alleyne’s “Schubert.” Here it’s easier to say what’s wrong than what’s right: Mr. Alleyne, who uses only the first three movements of Schubert’s Piano Trio in E flat, has an eccentric response to the structure and phrasing of the music, and does too little — his lighting designer does less — to help his dancers project into the theater.
In modern Africa, riven by AIDS, destitution and dictatorship, very little is innocent anymore.
The company will also pay for him to fly, business class, back to his home in Martha’s Vineyard twice a month.
He is fascinated by women -- by their desires, their responsibilities, their various guises -- and in each collection for Lanvin, he has sought to find a way to decode that tangle of moods.
He observes that more than a half-dozen male witnesses (including the archbishop of Canterbury, the chancellor of the Exchequer and the secretary for war) attested to the birth of the future Queen Victoria, and that this custom of having witnesses attend the birth of a royal heir survived in Britain well into the 20th century.
The Children’s Health Insurance Program has strong support from governors of both parties, including Republicans like Arnold Schwarzenegger of California, Tim Pawlenty of Minnesota and Sonny Perdue of Georgia.
“Reagan’s was a hardscrabble upbringing,” Mr. Shirley said.
Traveling exhibitions of Renaissance sculpture are rare events.
Neoware is based in King of Prussia, Pa.
He takes pride in being a good father: snatching Becca from an unchaperoned party, fining her a dollar anytime she uses profanity.
Mr. Ball’s play, which opened last night at New York Theater Workshop , follows the exploits of a hustler working the shallows of Los Angeles society.
“This would rival any country club,” Mr. Cooper said of the community house, which is also home to the village municipal offices.
“We got to see what worked and what didn’t, and we saved all the comment cards.” Like the original Newseum, the new one will be filled with interactive bells and whistles.
SUMMER IN BERLIN Opens today in Manhattan.
So he gave him a nice raise on what was already a lavish contract.
Emily Feingold, 29, a vice president of corporate communications for the Weinstein Company, said she went to an aesthetician in Chelsea and was told that her eyes looked as if they belonged to a woman in her 40s.
“I had been on the job four months and I was making maybe $1,000 a month.
But the result produced divergent opinions afterward in a clubhouse as sullen as it was on Monday, when the Nationals won by nine runs, as some players pondered whether to be pleased by the perseverance revealed in the comeback or angered by their eighth loss in 12 games.
pandemic, which has infected an estimated 39 million people and killed 25 million more.
They argued that she should talk about the future, yet also deal decisively with her 2002 vote — either by saying it was wrong, or acknowledging that others saw it as wrong, or making a speech on Iraq.
Andrea Cerda, who works at Dorothy’s Military Shop, said it was not uncommon to see marines changing clothes in their car.
Much loved Nana to David.
Wife of the late S. Harry Feldman and the late Col. Benjamin Millenthal, beloved mother of Richard M. Feldman (Diana), Rochelle F. Levy (Robert), grandmother of eight and great-grandmother of 15.
John Wheeler Hartman of Ocean Reef, Key Largo, Florida, died on April 5th, 2007 at the age of 84.
Mikawaya: 4-7-16 Ginza, Chuo-ku; 011-81-3-3561-2006; entrees $21 to $75.
Mr. Pitt said he got his piece of the Willamette in a trade with the museum for a piece of a meteorite from Mars known as the Governador Valadares.
Visitation will be Thursday, June 28, 2007, 9:30am to 10:30am with a Service following at 10:30am.
After all, we read about her son meeting the pope in “Oh the Glory of It All.” She fleshes out her experiences, but despite some intriguing misadventures, it feels padded.
agent returned from his service in Argentina after World War II.
Although Ms. Crichton graduated from high school at 15, she dropped out of college after only two months and got a job as a file clerk at The New York Herald Tribune.
Mr. Bush will present Americans with a false choice between effective intelligence and protecting their freedoms.
Today, the competition to get into these institutions is at an all-time high, and this has led to serious problems across the socioeconomic spectrum — gnawing and pervasive anxiety among the affluent, underrepresentation among the middle classes and an almost total lack of access among the poor.
The bride, 29, will continue to use her name professionally.
A one-way peak adult fare is $62.
With so much of the job involving technology and with a focus now on finding and sharing information beyond just what is available in books, a new type of librarian is emerging — the kind that, according to the Web site Librarian Avengers, is “looking to put the ‘hep cat’ in cataloguing.” When the cult film “Party Girl” appeared in 1995, with Parker Posey as a night life impresario who finds happiness in the stacks, the idea that a librarian could be cool was a joke.
She is well born, well known and wealthy, an heiress and former supermodel turned pop singer who has dated the rock stars Mick Jagger and Eric Clapton.
In January 1980, with inflation nearly 14 percent, average investors afflicted by gold fever jumped into the market.
Only 44 percent under socialized medicine.” Mr. Giuliani’s Democratic rivals would argue that they are not advocating government-run health care in their plans to extend coverage to the uninsured.
I’ve lost the thought that brought me here.
“You have a drug that you know is safe from the prospective randomized controlled clinical trials,” Colonel Holcomb said.
“It is the 14th Dalai Lama’s own deeds that have step by step betrayed his real intentions and political ambitions put under the guise of Buddhism and peace,” a commentary published by the official Xinhua news agency.
Dr. Rubin was stunned by the 27 percent reduction.
His home run in the bottom of the eighth had just given Warner Robins, Ga., a 3-2 victory against Tokyo for the Little League World Series title.
“What’s going to be different about this time is that the automakers are signaling they won’t continuously prop up sales,” said Erich Merkle, an analyst with the consulting firm IRN in Grand Rapids, Mich. “It’s not a sustainable climate going forward.” Suppliers will probably feel more pressure as the automakers try to cope with declining sales by asking for price reductions on parts.
Bravo’s latest offering, “Tim Gunn’s Guide to Style,” is not haute couture or even high concept.
The performance led to a series of leading roles, including the four nominated for Oscars.
The team said a magnetic resonance imaging exam came back negative yesterday.
Dr. Christian Rutz of Oxford, who attended the meeting here, recently reported on tiny camera called feathercam to monitor crows on New Caledonia in the Pacific and discovering their use of twigs and grass stems as tools to root out food.
A schedule of singings across the country is maintained by the Sacred Harp Musical Heritage Association on the Web site fasola.org (from the Sacred Harp learning tones fa, so and la).
But on fourth-and-18 from the Giants’ 24-yard line, McNabb was sacked, appropriately and predictably, by Umenyiora.
Volkswagen-size chunks of blue ice hung from the headwall that Sunday, threatening to fall and shatter on the boulder field below.
Francisco Liriano, in his first full season with the Minnesota Twins in 2006, went 12 and 3 and seemed destined for greatness, but he will miss the entire 2007 season after undergoing ligament replacement surgery — the so-called Tommy John procedure — on his elbow last November.
Donald Thomas’s “Villains’ Paradise” is a thrilling and thoughtful encapsulation of a national fascination.
There’s lavender too, though the question remains the same: “Are you now or have you ever been.
Joost’s video quality ranges from O.K.
For the nine grandchildren born at that time and their parents and grandparents, weekends were a time to get together.
The competition in the capital city, Kampala, is obviously much more than an entertaining talent show.
It was full of organic pasta and organic baby food.
“I’ve seen the way Coach is — if you don’t know what you’re doing, he doesn’t want you,” Haynes said.
But after that first tantalizing entry — a mere 595 words — the blogging career of Mr. Greenspan apparently came to an end.
“When you finish,” Dr. Butler said, “it’s just a bonus.”
Last year, the Legislature made New Jersey the third state in the nation to recognize civil unions for same-sex couples, fulfilling a State Supreme Court order that gay couples be accorded equal legal rights, but did not go so far as to authorize same-sex marriage.
At a gathering last month at Columbia Law School in New York, state attorneys general from across the country discussed ways to get similar data for their states.
The study included 28,243 men, 55 to 74 years old, who were recruited as part of a larger cancer screening.
She will be buried at Wellwood Cemetery, Pinelawn, NY.
Its sound was surging, explosive and often overbearing; it seemed to have only a tenuous connection to mainstream jazz traditions.
As goons set on killing the woman bang on the door, George does what any hero would: he grabs his golf club and sneaks out the window.
Boeing is aiming for the first test flight of the Dreamliner around the end of March next year and expects the first delivery in late November or December 2008.
Shortly after Sept. 11, 2001, the directors of the museum decided to build their new 60,000-square-foot museum at 235 Bowery, between Stanton and Rivington Streets.
GEORGIA O’KEEFFE AND THE WOMEN OF THE STIEGLITZ CIRCLE Georgia O’Keeffe’s emergence as a prominent modern painter in 1915 is explored through a display of her works alongside those by her female artistic predecessors in the circle of Alfred Stieglitz, her dealer and husband.
In 1974, her husband was killed when a passing truck sent a rock sailing into his head as he sat on a curb outside the coffee distribution factory where he worked.
“I see a lot of people there from my old neighborhood,” Ms. Miller said.
(Anthony Tommasini) Classical Music BARGEMUSIC (Friday through Sunday, Wednesday and Thursday) Summer rocks at Bargemusic — rocks gently, as the East River flows under this former coffee barge moored to a dock in Brooklyn, to the sounds of chamber music.
But it paid off, and I finally won that game.
A new long-term deal with the team will probably be a high priority for the next governor, said Tim Coulon, chairman of the Louisiana Stadium and Exposition District.
Wood’s shoulder is pain-free now, and Fischer hopes that he might be back in a Cubs uniform by July.
Although flip taxes are almost always imposed as a way of avoiding a buildingwide assessment or an increase in monthly maintenance or common charges, they are never very popular with apartment owners.
Microsoft has also hinted that its next operating system, code-named Windows 7, would not arrive until 2010.
THE MIST Opens today nationwide.
But when was the last time you found a show that could entertain a 4-year-old and a 12-year-old?
Most teams grant the same request, Mangini said, as long as there is room to film.
“We don’t want to broad-brush hip-hop music altogether,” said Lt.
According to Sandy Wilson, the senior managing director of Corcoran’s Harlem office, the price per square foot for town houses in Upper Manhattan was 32 percent higher in 2006 than a year earlier, while the average price rose by 5 percent, to $1.74 million.
Retired projectionist, Local 306 IATSE.
They said lien sales could be applied more broadly if the department was given that power.
Mr. Khadr did not enter a plea, and no trial date was set.
The corporation owns several publications, including The Las Vegas Sun, where Mr. Greenspun is the editor.
Founder and mentor of Murrey's Jewelers.
Since then, mobile gaming has become a hot market.
Ms. Bailey suffered second- and third-degree burns over 35 percent of her body.
The number of homes in Vancouver selling for more than $2 million also rose this year, by 48 percent, according to Re/Max Associates.
For instance, a utility might pay Comverge $70,000 to $80,000 a year for each megawatt that the company can commit to eliminating from the load.
The prime minister’s office had no comment.
The cheerless facade of the new Hotel on Rivington, decorated in bands of aqua-colored panels and glass, is visible a few blocks away.
“I think,” he said, “Bruce gets to pick anyone he wants.”
“There is no military solution; that has been said for years now,” Mrs. Clinton said.
The aid workers set off on a journey with a driver, a guard and a cook on Tuesday morning and have not been heard from since, said Muhammad Daoud Askaryar, the police chief of Nimruz Province, which borders Iran.
As the day of departure looms, Esma goes from friend to friend begging for a loan.
“But the truth is I need her.
The German pole vaulter Yvonne Buschbaum is quitting athletics to have hormone therapy after deciding she was “emotionally in the wrong body.” Buschbaum, 27, won two bronze medals at the European Championships in her career.In a statement on her Web site ( www.pole-it-buschbaum.de ), she said that a recent injury had contributed to her decision.
He had a good arm, but he just couldn’t accept what relieving was about.” The Indians, though, like Carmona right where he is, 1B to Sabathia’s 1A.
The appeals court panel described the changes as minor.
(Nate Chinen) TONY BARBA BAND (Thursday) The tenor saxophonist Tony Barba emanates an amiable extroversion in his music, which may be why he seeks out strong but silent types like the trumpeter Shane Endsley, the keyboardist Kris Davis, the bassist Noah Jarrett and the drummer Ted Poor, who all join him here.
The Jets were supposed to start the season with an advantage.
The Journal says it expects to draw about 200 senior executives, at a ticket price of $3,495 apiece.
Besito, 1516 Old Northern Boulevard, Roslyn; (516) 484-3001. www.besitomex .com.
When Al Gore once said, ''It's the combination of narcissism and nihilism that really defines postmodernism,'' he might as well have been echoing his entire generation's critique of our own.
Owing to those services, taxes can run about $23,000 on a three-bedroom with water views.
The 1987 Werner Herzog film stars Klaus Kinski as a 19th-century bandit who tries to revive the African slave trade.
“We like partners who recognize that if you want to build a valuable company, we’re not bad people to hang out with,” he said.
The new class is a validation of the values held dear by collectors like Gary Bartlett of Muncie, Ind., who owns one of the most significant unrestored postwar cars, a 1957 Jaguar XKSS.
The bridegroom’s first marriage ended in divorce.
James D. Watson, who shared the 1962 Nobel prize for deciphering the double-helix of DNA, apologized “unreservedly” yesterday for comments reported this week suggesting that black people, over all, are not as intelligent as whites.
But they have been finding a way to win for a lot longer than that.”
David Gordon Wilson, an emeritus professor of mechanical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and author of “Bicycling Science” (MIT Press, 2004), calculated that Tour riders generate 400 watts of power when they are riding up mountains or trying to break away from the pack.
at least not on children’s television shows.
The new look Mr. Zee has been developing will be fully unveiled in the September issue, which goes out to subscribers next week.
A frequently observed source is the sun, although other rays and radiation constantly arrive from beyond the solar system.
The ticket was bought with money donated by mosque members, Mr. Awad told jurors.
But there you are, sitting, steaming, being “bridged,” as it is referred to by the Goodspeed staff, which on rare occasions has held the curtain until stranded patrons arrive.
On Aug. 30, a fire had gutted Looney Tunes, a 5,000-square-foot clubhouse for pop culture that had drawn generations of music lovers who liked to thumb through bins of CDs and LPs, listen to home-grown bands and collect autographs from national acts like Incubus that played on the store’s stage.
Brooklyn Arts Exchange, 421 Fifth Avenue, Park Slope, (718) 832-0018 or bax.org .
And a few days earlier James — who had frequent crushes — had mailed a letter to Pauline Goldmark, a 24-year-old Bryn Mawr graduate across the mountains in Keene Valley, where they had met, suggesting she hike into Panther Gorge with her brother and some friends.
“It’s balanced, particularly when it comes to national security,” said Senator Charles E. Schumer, Democrat of New York, who is sponsoring the bill with Senator Arlen Specter, Republican of Pennsylvania.
This new, sometimes confrontational stance reflects the higher expectations among many members of the disabled population that they be treated as people who happen to have a disability, rather than as people defined by disability.
There was not enough room in her closets for some of his clothes and shoes.
Other dull British sites, helpfully compiled by Oliver Burkeman in a recent article in The Guardian, include one that shows nothing happening on a side street of Neilston, a suburban village near Glasgow.
They never expected young Mary Flannery to write such a strange book full of grotesque violence and occasional s-e-x.
Mr. Sarkozy evoked Mr. Môquet’s name during the presidential campaign as a source of national pride and patriotic sacrifice.
Both make cigarette smoke seem cooler and smoother, which is crucial for luring younger smokers into becoming addicted, Dr. Connolly said.
The United States, by comparison, had 1.29 million abortions in 2002, according to the Guttmacher Institute.
After eight years in Murray Hill, in Manhattan, which never had much of a Halloweeny feel to it, it was nice to find ourselves in a heavily wooded region of the Northeast intimately associated with the exploits of the Headless Horseman.
Roger Bonham Smith was born July 12, 1925, in Columbus, Ohio, the son of E. Quimby Smith and Bess Obetz Smith, and moved to Detroit as a youngster.
At the Cinema Village, 22 East 12th Street, Greenwich Village.
“Today’s gums were not what they used to be,” said Maura Titone, the sensory support leader who runs another group of panelists.
Regulators scrutinizing SunTrust’s accounting contended that the bank had improperly over-reserved for loan losses, creating a sort of rainy-day fund that it could use to manage its earnings when necessary.
Ilya Shtulberg, an engineer with the firm, says the cast-iron facade is “in decent shape” and will be secured with stainless-steel pins.
3 p.m. 7) STREET ART Riga boomed in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, both in population and wealth.
“The idea behind containment,” Shapiro writes, “is to refuse to be bullied, while at the same time declining to become a bully.” Shapiro is at his most persuasive when he argues against lumping Islamic radical threats together.
One Saturday he walked all the way to Madison Square Garden to see a game during the Stanley Cup playoffs.
It’s cartoon land.” AND Mr. Jacobs recognizes his place there.
“You’re going to have a problem that’s badly defined.” The notion of taking part in something new is part of the draw for incoming students.
Troops who would have patrolled Falluja would deploy into outlying areas by April, but close enough to reinforce the city in a crisis, Colonel Mullen said.
The 10 restaurants summarized below are our best of the best in 2007; they are among the ones rated excellent or very good that had something special to set them apart.
It is almost entirely taken up by two humongous sculptures by Richard Serra, whose work also claims the special exhibition gallery on the sixth floor and the second-floor space usually assigned to the museum’s contemporary collection.
Her mother is the director and the administrator of the long term and home health-care program of the Rebekah Rehab and Extended Care Center in the Bronx.
“The A train has a little more cultural significance.” Today, on the A line’s 75th birthday, transit officials will celebrate with a ceremony at the start of the line at the Inwood/207th Street station.
Then, one day, sitting in a coffee shop, Emily meets a tall, dark and handsome stranger named David.
Stepien sold the Cavaliers to George and Gordon Gund for $20 million in 1983.
NICHOLAS GRIFFIN’S 550-square-foot co-op studio in Chelsea is a story of one architectural gesture: a 20-foot-long, eight-foot-high black walnut wall that cuts across the apartment, dividing the living-sleeping area in the front from the kitchen and bath in the rear, and somehow — in spite of or because of its massive size — making the tiny space around it feel large.
Family celebrations are segregated: boys sit on one side of the hall, girls on the other, and married couples in the middle.
Representative Maurice D. Hinchey, Democrat of New York, said he was delighted with the change, which will not become final until the end of a 60-day comment period.
New England was penalized 5 yards for encroachment.
The challenge to orthodoxy is slightly less marked on the Democratic side, where the party has tilted from the left to the center over the past 20 years.
Faye Lewis, an administrative law judge, ruled that they had not proved that essential services had been withheld or interrupted in an effort to get them to vacate the building.
So when a 6-foot-5 quarterback, playing for a former N.F.L.
The exact guidelines of the rescue plan are still fuzzy, but it is clear that many of those who need aid the most will not get it.
The current $14 billion plan centers on building a monumental train station to replace the crowded and confusing underground corridors of Penn Station.
When Clemens walked off the field for his final time of the afternoon, after pitching the top of the sixth inning, the Yankees trailed, 2-1.
The development is designed to be eco-friendly and sustainable, so golf carts and bicycles will be used for transportation within it.
“The last thing I want to see is for my children to have textbooks say that all Southern states that played in a role in slavery apologized except for Arkansas,” said Representative Steve Harrelson, Democrat of Texarkana, who co-sponsored the resolution.
Air Charity does not limit how many flights a patient can take.
Situated on Vorovoro, above, a 200-acre island off Mali Island and leased to Tribewanted by a local chief, Tui Mali, the project lets members stay for a fee: one week costs $360, two weeks $720 and three weeks $1,080, not including airfare to Nadi and then Labasa.
The addition of MySpace, the world’s largest social network with 110 million active members, and Bebo, the No.
His mother is the information technology director of the Chicago Department of Revenue.
Presidential campaigns spend all sorts of money on all sorts of things.
Riga’s saunas run the gamut, from unrepentantly grimy Soviet sweat shacks to the beautiful new Taka Spa (Kronvalda bulvaris 3a; 371-732-3150; www.takaspa.lv ).
Garbage won’t be garbage anymore.
“I enjoy the freedom of a kid.” His own childhood was spent in San Juan, Puerto Rico, where he was born.
“We were leaving Glasgow, Scotland, on the way to another city, and I remember saying, ‘I don’t want to wear this kind of stuff anymore, because I kind of feel like a dude,’” she recalled.
Dr. Nowak and his colleagues pioneered a version of the Prisoner’s Dilemma in which players acquire reputations.
“We make a choice in our lives to commit to something, and as I said to the dancers: ‘Come to the studio and put in 110 percent.
But some genes have more than one role, and some of these brain-related genes could have been selected for other properties.
On Wednesday night, after the police recorded a formal statement made by Ms. Aeriel identifying Mr. Carranza, they obtained an arrest warrant and descended on the street in Orange where he lives.
He is due back in court in late October.
Adored grandfather of Rebecca, Ahna, Emma, Alec, Daniel, Sam and Cole.
The cafe’s owners, Matthew Engelhart and his wife, Terces, created the Abounding River game, which helps players discover “a Spiritual foundation that opens up to a whole new way of looking at money and resources.” (Mr. Engelhart and his former wife, Jeanne, founded the natural clothing company Flax, whose labels had such affirmations as “I am perfect spirit radiant life.” When the then-divorced couple sold it in 2002, gross sales were $28 million.)
Doctors are optimistic that Mr. Dinkins, who was mayor from 1990 to 1993, could be discharged by tomorrow or Tuesday, Mr. Johnson said.
“Rye, Rye, are you nervous?” she said.
George Costacos, an Actors’ Equity member, said: “None of us thought this was going to last this long.
And what motivated the proud participants in these acts of stunning cruelty?
There have been only two roadside bomb explosions in the last five months, and this week they drove their Humvees without incident to and from sheiks’ houses late at night along country roads that only a few months ago would have been treacherous.
; he specializes in manufacturing engineering at the company.
Anna Maltby offers a checklist in Men’s Health : ¶You feel your work doesn’t matter.
That calamity has been prevented.” Yusuf Hamied, chairman of the Indian pharmaceutical company Cipla, also described it as a positive ruling.
Calling an ambulance promptly is only part of the issue, heart researchers say.
In addition, the trust fund still lacks a complete advisory board to decide how to spend the money to build more affordable housing.
Prior to his career on Wall Street he was a turn-around specialist and ran several publicly traded and privately held companies.
He was a tall and straight man, a bit past 70, his face weathered, his nose distinguished and long, his mouth small, smiling with thin pink lips.
Some of Mr. Spitzer’s most ardent antagonists were unwilling on Wednesday to give him credit for the change of mind.
Mr. Wakefield’s text panel begins with a wonderfully pertinent quote from Henry Miller: “Chaos is the score on which reality is written.” The show includes four works in film or video and four others using sound, photography or text.
Words that have long been used for products acquire their own status as famous marques.
Some of her allies have accused her male Democratic opponents of ganging up on her in their last televised debate.
Mediamark projects that, on any given day, some 397,000 people who are the single parent of a child in their household have used online dating within 30 days.
Peter ignores his girlfriend, Mary Jane ( Kirsten Dunst ), so she reaches out to her friend and his frenemy, Harry Osborn (James Franco), a k a Son of the Green Goblin (Willem Dafoe, revived in flashback), while Peter turns to his Aunt May (Rosemary Harris), who shovels the manure with grace.
Ms. Roraback, who never married, is survived by her sister, Elizabeth Schmidt of Canaan, Conn.
(As one academic notes, “Half the population believes in the supernatural.”) The well-funded Society for the Second World contacts him, and he submits to a test that claims to measure psychical capacity by studying the subject’s effects on a random-number generator.
His wife called the company’s creditors to plead for time.
Beloved brother of Frank Fredo.
He and others, including members of the civilian commission that oversees the department, said the report was characterized by candor lacking after past police scandals.
Mr. O’Neal would be entitled to a payout worth more than $274 million if he left after a deal, according to a pay analysis by James F. Reda & Associates, a compensation consulting firm, using yesterday’s closing price.
“We were very excited about being involved in this,” said Rob Oram, the product marketing manager at Car-Freshner Corporation, who has been the company’s public voice throughout the national media swirl.
For many spectators, the big battle was not the Patriots’ 20-10 victory, but merely reaching their seats.
Officials said he was conscious and speaking on the way to the circuit’s medical center.McLaren officials said Hamilton, 22, would be kept in a hospital for observation for several hours.
“It was like a heavyweight battle,” said Rodriguez, who drove in three runs and has 146 R.B.I.
The bureau has not provided additional money to prisons to buy the books on the lists, so in some prisons, after the shelves were cleared of books not on the lists, few remained.
We all depended upon her wisdom and insight.
Philip Pearlstein’s “Model With Two Cement Flamingos” features a dour nude, her head truncated by the top of the picture plane.
“The emotions they convey are so deep,” Mr. Confurius said.
When a task force on teaching at Harvard gave its report this past January, its chairwoman, Theda Skocpol, cited you as one of Harvard’s most innovative teachers.
The dispute is the latest example of a leveraged-buyout deal falling victim to havoc in the credit markets.
Two rivers were diverted to make room for the terminal, whose 750,000-square-foot main building is said to be the largest freestanding structure in Britain.
There is an option of just eating meals at the camps.
Lesson Five: Push to see the extra site; it could be the best one.
He's still more or less alone, at least existentially, though, as per the action playbook, he quickly picks up a sidekick and audience surrogate in the hacker impersonated by Justin Long (flicking between annoyance and amusement).
The results were promising, especially if you’re a mouse living in a coffee urn.
Under one version of the plan, the cost of a 30-day MetroCard would have risen to $79, from $76.
The man said he couldn’t remember what his lover looked like.
Several generous gifts have lately been earmarked to support financial aid.
Gathering more than one artist in one place for a period of more than a couple of weeks can be like herding cats, said Cheryl Young, the executive director.
The researchers measured blood concentrations of lycopene, beta carotene, lutein and other carotenoids in 692 randomly selected men in the sample who later developed prostate cancer, and 844 men who did not.
Nathan Flannery, 13, one of four adopted siblings, is not alone in finding it easy to get along with some children, “because they’ve been through some of the same things.” But it can also create combustible combinations.
So why, after 145 years, $15 million in oceanic explorations and more than a decade of dives and excavation, is the Civil War battleship the Monitor being given a second life at a cost of $30 million, with its artifacts, history and accounts of its career displayed in a 63,500-square-foot space?
Michael will be greatly missed, but our memories of his sense of humor and huge heart will stay with us forever.
There were no immediate details of any conditions linked to his release but he was reunited with his wife at home in Tehran, Ms. Silber said.
Like Narciso Rodriguez, Mr. Jacobs favors a loose silhouette for spring.
My job is to sit there and be a fan and get nervous like everybody else.” With a 2-2 count, Rivera jammed Ortiz with a cutter, and the best he could do was pop it into shallow center.
In the report, Mitchell put blame on the union for long blocking progress on a strong drug-testing policy.
“My favorite is Germany or Switzerland,” Mr. Smith said.
It is also the hall’s first bilingual (English and Spanish) show.
The Federal District Court in Jackson, Miss., dismissed it as untimely on Oct. 24 in a ruling that the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit affirmed last Friday.
Venison loin got somewhat lost in a blizzard of effects including chestnuts and lingonberries.
A business traveler has a quick walk to offices on the Avenue of the Americas.
Asked how he felt about discarding tens of millions of dollars worth of touch-screen machines just years after they were acquired, Mr. Crist said, “The price of freedom is not cheap.
To watch the auburn-haired Bonnie Pickard (another soloist) dance the ballerina roles in “Bugaku” (1963), the fourth movement of “Brahms-Schoenberg Quartet” (1966), “Chaconne” (1976) and “Ballade” (1980) — roles created for Allegra Kent, Ms. Farrell, Ms. Farrell again, and Merrill Ashley — was to see someone lighted up by not just Protean diversity but also self-discovery.
And with a head fake, a bit of contact and a jumper that seemed out of his range, Mr. Obama sank the shot that won the game.
I certainly couldn't afford to stay there, but I'd arranged to meet two friends — Aditya, the son of an Indian steel baron, and Dave, an American consultant — for a drink at the Sea Lounge inside.
“I’m absolutely outraged and disgusted and appalled,” she said.
Last April, he signed a contract to buy an even larger two-bedroom apartment on the 10th floor for $8.6 million.
Since arriving in Houston, they have been living in rented apartments.
Most of the officers wore a combat patch representing a past deployment to Iraq or Afghanistan.
He saw a woman dragging her child.
A dance of social protest, it works not only as an indictment of inhuman conditions suffered by Southern rural blacks of the time, but also as starkly minimalist abstract movement.
• Address questions by e-mail to gardening@nytimes.com .
Today, it seems like the kind of place where you might encounter many a salty dog.
Their first appeal, which they said was filed April 10, was denied by Cardinal Edward M. Egan.
And did she mention so hoarse?
“He was very patient,” Oregon Coach Mike Bellotti said.
Even if their lead remained at five games ahead of the second-place Phillies, who won in Atlanta to snap a three-game slide, the Mets are trying their hardest to remove the drama of the stretch drive.
Yet this is not surprising.
“I was looking at this little boy,” Ms. Miller said, “and he turned around to his mommy and he said, ‘Mommy, why was that lady angry at me?’ It really, really bothered me.
But Congressional monitors find the effort lagging, with a major reason the private sector’s mistrust of the leadership at the Department of Homeland Security.
The result, Mr. DuBois said, is “gorgeous, deeply coffered wood ceilings.” Mr. Protetch compared the renovation with a “lot of things you see in Europe, where they retain the texture and integrity of the old space.” By contrast, “in many Manhattan buildings, even by well-known architects, the detailing is appalling,” he said.
Exemplary is the preserved, 2.6-mile Friendship TrailBridge over Tampa Bay in Florida.
Washington has called on Turkey to show restraint as its military mobilizes on the border with Iraq, threatening an incursion against Kurdish insurgents.
Then I recognized Coney Island, with its dark apartment buildings huddled close to the coast.
Determined to race, Ms. Cosgrove, a publicist, flew to Hawaii and worked the week before the marathon.
“She knows what the facts are, she knows who the people are, she knows what to do and she does it.
Though one might wonder whether someone who spends days slugging through Shanghai's sooty air wants to rinse off with dirt, supposedly by sinking into this hot pit spagoers can elevate their metabolism, cleanse their skin and even bolster their immunities to diseases.
“State employment practices and procedures that encourage nondiscriminatory and equal employment practices provide desirable models for the private sector and local governments,” the resolution says.
Plans for a 67-mile blacktop highway to a base camp on the Tibet side of Mount Everest to ease the Olympic torch’s journey to its peak have been put on hold, according to Ju Jianhua, the director of Tibet’s Foreign Affairs Department.
That claim drew objections from Mr. Drucker, who was overruled by Justice Bruce Allen.
“This is all about finding ways to circumvent Maliki,” said one senior official who is involved in preparing Mr. Bush’s presentation of a new strategy, which will probably come in an address to the country after General Petraeus and the American ambassador to Iraq, Ryan C. Crocker, have presented their report to Congress starting on Sept. 10.
“It’s great community policing,” said Mr. Chong, explaining why he wanted to start a mounted unit.
He is a son of Eliza and A. Nelson Samuel of Brooklyn.
Both men were supporters of Mr. Chávez but have vociferously distanced themselves from him in recent months.
“In point of fact, maximum performance is associated with pain.” The brain affects everyday training as well, researchers note.
Darrell Wilson, a representative of the ship owner, Regal Stone of Hong Kong, said about possible federal charges, “It’s kind of a given there will be, because of the strict liability laws.” The National Transportation Safety Board, which has authority over maritime casualties, began an independent investigation on Sunday, at the request of the Coast Guard, which is continuing its investigation.
Jake McGoldrick, a board member who opposes the plan, said the idea of corporate sponsorship was equivalent to slapping an advertisement on the side of the White House.
Michigan Democrats, bent on undermining the tyranny of New Hampshire firstism, seem determined to march down the Florida path.
On Friday, a day after the BBC owned up to having deceived the audiences of “Blue Peter” and three other programs, the largest commercial broadcaster in Britain, ITV, said it had decided not to broadcast a comedy awards show after allegations of irregularities in voting during a previous edition of the show.
But Obama wrote that he grew up knowing how to disarm whites worried about angry black men.
Even if we limit three-strikes laws to violent offenses, what counts as violent?
“When I first started, I wasn’t this fast,” he said.
We want to know that you understand your finances.” Purchasers who have special skills, Mr. Rosenberg said, should make them known.
He felt as if he were celebrating Mass at the bottom of the sea, for antediluvian creatures; for types of life so old, so hardened, so shut within their shells, that the sacrifice on Calvary could hardly reach back so far.
I’m conflicted about what’s right.” Dr. Porter, the genocide scholar, said the differing views among Jews on the resolution stemmed in part from whether they saw Israel as particularly vulnerable.
Under the Merck agreement, no matter how many people file claims, the company’s payout is capped at $4.85 billion.
Opponents, including Christian conservatives, say it is immoral to destroy embryos to obtain cells.
That industry, like many of us, has passed its prime.
Justice McKeon’s opinion also defended the nobility of pet ownership: One “need not be a pet lover,” the judge wrote, “to appreciate that for many there is a special love that attaches to owning a pet, that companion and source of joy who can separate the sad and solitary from a world of loneliness and despair, serve as a playmate for a son or daughter, or just be a devoted friend whose loyalty remains steadfast in good times and bad.” Ms. Marvits, speaking in a wispy but determined voice, did not stretch for such rhetorical heights.
commissioner, suspended Johnson for eight games for violating the league’s toughened personal conduct policy.
“Like I said two months ago, if we go out and win our games, at the end of the year, we’ll be where we want to be.
Mr. Bush’s signature tax cuts for capital gains and stock dividends would all but disappear, because people earning more than $200,000 receive the vast bulk of such earnings.
This brings him together with Polly’s brother, Duff, a survivor of the Mexican War suffering so acutely from post-traumatic stress disorder that he is not only a firefighter but a firebug, not only a sentimental idealist but a murderer.
To reduce the chances that unscrupulous lenders might initially appear on the site, Mr.
At a hearing on Nov. 7, a juror, Shelly McGraw, testified that two jurors who were also educators tried to persuade the others toward a conviction, saying that teachers undergo training not to touch their students, and that since Mr. Scerbo had admitted to allowing children to sit on his lap, he must then have molested them.
And, besides, there hasn’t been a groundswell of demand.
“Builders will tell you it costs too much, but they’re just looking at its up-front costs,” said Harry Rand, senior curator of cultural history at the Smithsonian Institution and author of “Hundertwasser,” a biography and consideration of the artist’s work.
The company said its soup sales were “robust” — citing in particular its growing lineup of lower-sodium varieties — in a quarter that included the heart of the winter, when soup is more popular.
Atomstroyexport also said Iran had failed to ensure delivery of parts from third-country contractors.
; HOLLYWOOD SPORT RIDER 2 -- www.hollywoodracks.com, $199.95.
JUST 10 years ago, the proposed merger of SABMiller and Molson Coors into MillerCoors would have worried craft brewers.
“At Heathrow, you don’t know if it’s going to be a 30-minute check-in or three hours.” For travelers with homes outside Europe’s major cities, another advantage of flying to Luton, Stansted or Orly is that they are hubs for low-cost carriers like Ryanair and easyJet, which offer direct service to smaller airports in vacation destinations, especially along the Mediterranean coast.
It’s public relations and proselytizing for the cause, while for the musicians it’s exposure, validation and a sop to a star’s conscience.
West retreated to three diamonds, North contested with three hearts, and that was passed out, South again taking the low road.
STERN--Milton, O.D., died on May 17 at age 93.
“Given how fresh the violent crackdown was,” Mr. Zarni said, “I doubt that large numbers of people, monks and civilians will take to the streets again.” The monks in Pakokku on Wednesday reportedly demanded lower fuel prices and the release of political prisoners.
“It’s not just like he sits in the chair and we roll him out here and say, ‘Look at the poor cripple kid,’” Jeff Reinebold, the Hawaii defensive line coach, said.
“But one has never been enough for our daughter,” Ms. Abood said with a sigh about her 14-year-old.
But the Seward Park site had none of those problems, since the buildings had been razed in 1967.
Their song was “What the World Needs Now Is Love.” In April, Mr. McPherson doled out dollops of thanks to his staff — literally.
On the other, jittery investors seem ready to flee at any sign of trouble, as they did from the Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Fund.
At that age, she said, ''we hadn't gone to many weddings.''
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
The Broncos had 114 yards rushing in the first quarter, and they averaged 9.5 yards a rush.
Fred D. Thompson has yet to announce his presidential candidacy formally.
“Ideally you want at least two of everything,” he said.
To the Editor: The irate readers have it, with five letters last week damning Steven Rinella for cruelty to animals for killing sparrows and squirrels (little mention was made of bigger game).
In the 1990s, it was the site of the Back at the Ranch benefits for the Montauk Point Lighthouse, with Paul Simon, Billy Joel and James Taylor.
“It was dark and there was a lot of smoke.” He added, “After I got out of the plane I saw fire.” Established in 2000, One-Two-GO is one of many low-fare airlines in Southeast Asia that have made travel in the region more affordable.
“Right now, there’s a lot of anxiety that there’s a way of life that’s about to change,” said Jack Lester, who since 1990 has been the lawyer for the local tenants’ association.
The buyers of AAA paper have learned their lesson, and the flow of money has dried up.
Nearby, a third man went crashing down a flight of stairs.
Their appointment was a fait accompli, and the stiff, scripted ceremony to introduce them, which lasted barely 10 minutes, resembled a Communist coronation.
NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital and Columbia University Medical Center mourn the sudden passing of our dear friend and colleague Dr. Daniel J. Fink.
He graduated from the University of Miami.
And because public-school-related expenses are largely borne by the state, property taxes in Forest Hill are as attractive as home prices.
Lazard, the investment bank run by Bruce Wasserstein , said yesterday that it had hired the former managing director of the International Monetary Fund as a top executive for its investment banking unit.
Mr. Marshall, born in Birmingham, Ala., during the civil rights era, addresses the complicated and compromised position of African-Americans today in pictures of direct but subtle force.
In fact, the Chocolate Manufacturers Association, representing the United States chocolate industry, has not endorsed any specific proposed changes at this time.
There was no mention of the artificial heart episode.
Most of the deer, which he built out of odd parts, looks rather abstract.
“What’s different here is that these products are marked as lead free.
Cautionary posters in factories were commonplace, and comedy was useful for grabbing attention.
This is especially the case with electronic waste, the fastest growing piece of the nation’s municipal waste stream.
The contract was subsequently awarded to BAE and its Swedish partner, Saab.
A chain-smoking, tequila-swilling hedonist who is all hard edges, Melody immediately sizes up Gary as a jealous, crazy loser on their abortive date and wisely beats a retreat.
From the site’s home page, look for the “Owning and Keeping a Home” link; then on the left side, look for “Avoiding Foreclosure.”
Programs to rank physicians on quality of care and fees have become more popular as health care costs have risen.
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 50.99 points, or 2 percent, to close at 2,511.25.
“It becomes an imaginative exercise rather than a factual research exercise.
The United States and Britain also criticized the announcement.
The police said three officers, including Detective Rivera, knocked on the door of the second-floor apartment and called out that they were police officers.
Dear brother of Eric Jimenez and his wife Vanessa.
This winter promises to be especially chilling, with fuel oil prices rising and fuel assistance expected to decline.
Viewers got to see the trio’s lead singer, Natalie Maines, sing Mr. Taylor’s “Sweet Baby James” (as he harmonized).
The university admitted 3,500 students from the universities around New Orleans that were shut down after the storm.
After Mr. Rosario was released, a neighbor told him about the East Side House Settlement, an organization affiliated with the Federation of Protestant Welfare Agencies, one of the seven agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund .
OVER the course of his career at the Jackson Rancheria Casino and Hotel in Jackson, Calif., Joe Hebel has been seen as a harbinger of fortune, a liaison to luck and the sweetest angel known to man.
Susan Frierson Upper West Side
On a recent Tuesday evening, a smartly attired Asian tourist in his mid-20s sat in the quiet back room, sipping coffee and perusing The International Herald Tribune.
I don’t think it is a coincidence that in addition to cinema, one of his other great passions and sources of inspiration is science fiction.
“She just shops and shops,” said Jane Elfers, the chief executive of Lord & Taylor, which has shifted more of its business, 20 percent in total, to youthful, so-called contemporary labels like Free People and Nanette Lepore.
Heralded as tools to increase consumer choices and enhance convenience while decreasing costs and delays, the alliances — oneworld, Star Alliance and SkyTeam — have changed international business travel.
The headgear has a reputation among many players and coaches as “the concussion helmet,” in large part because it has been marketed alongside a study published last year in the journal Neurosurgery that said Riddell’s design reduced concussions by 31 percent.
Both agreed that jujitsu forced them to concentrate in ways that, say, tennis does not.
In the spring of 2005, Ms. White worked with a labyrinth designer, Michael Clarridge; her husband, John Lowery; and their son, Curtis Lowery, to set the circular space into the forest, with as little disturbance as possible.
Then it’s back to the lazy-pig theory.
Colombia, she said, was a “failed state” seven years ago, but with American assistance had pushed back the influence of insurgents and narcotics gangs and lowered the number of kidnappings, bombings and other acts of violence.
BERMAN--Dr. Aaron Joseph, on November 28, 2007, at age 88, surrounded by loved ones.
In “Walpurgisnacht,” a plotless, pretty and very purple ballet set to Gounod’s dance music for “Faust,” Ms. Mearns held the stage with utter authority and a technical assurance (there was a particularly wonderful diagonal of twirling turns) that seemed almost an afterthought, so dramatic and musically responsive was her dancing.
According to Nielsen’s estimates, the cooking competition delivered the night’s best numbers in that demographic market, leading the 9 p.m. hour over all with 8.6 million viewers.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Margret and H.A.
Having voiced these qualms, let me say that “War/Dance,” in spite of its slickness, is an honorable, sometimes inspiring exploration of the primal healing power of music and dance in an African tribal culture.
“My job was filling up the space around the head.
Mr. Greenspan used the word “froth” in May 2005, and Mr. Bernanke often followed up his sanguine predictions by saying that the situation could end up being worse than he expected.
Some of the Democratic presidential candidates have called for even stricter mileage mandates, and California and 14 other states have petitioned the E.P.A.
“But very rarely do they come on time.
Having played a powerful but dynamically fluid opening movement, the orchestra lapsed into nondescript dreaminess in the slow movement, leaving it to Mr. Bronfman to supply and explore the musical topography.
By just after 11 a.m., marathon organizers here said the temperature was already at least 88 degrees, a cooling cloud cover had cleared off, and humidity had reached the level of some of Chicago’s most grueling and dangerous summers.
SCHAEFER--Sylvia M., May 22, 2007.
— Susan Jackson, San Francisco I admire your late friend’s foresight, if not her cruelty.
One of those is Miiko Tsuda, 38.
Massachusetts also requires 40 hours of parent-supervised driving.
For the first eight months of this year, he said, his group took in 132 cases in which Countrywide was the loan servicer.
Each system has three redundant channels, or “lanes,” so that if one crashes, two remain to perform in its place.
As executive vice president of Sony America, then known as SONAM, Mr. Inagaki boldly opened new markets while demonstrating the quality and advancement of new Japanese products to dealers and consumers alike, helping to establish a reputation of excellence for Sony the world over.
“As soon as I catch up, I’ll slow down, but it just keeps going,” she said.
Rehearsals on the barge were to begin two weeks ago, but were delayed by rain.
“I don’t think there’s any way they’d do this if they don’t get the I.R.S.
Add a lip balm with an S.P.F.
If Giambi does not answer questions as openly as Selig believes he should, Giambi could be disciplined.
But Continental also flies 757s to London that have seats up front that are just 20 inches wide and recline 156 degrees.
He writes, “Some seem to like her and loathe her at the same time, and for reasons they have trouble articulating.” Here’s one reason, articulated: I, and most women I know, would have been thrilled to vote for Senator Clinton two decades ago, when simply gaining access to power was the name of the feminist game.
Her dancers, once removed, must guard this flame, even if it means ignoring their own.
One man conceded that he had not voted since the 1980s.
Before the upbeat party, relatives expressed bitterness and relief at the courthouse news conference.
He based his first opera, “Into the Storm” (1939), on “Loneliness,” a novel by Nikolai Virta that Stalin was known to have liked.
1 ranking when they called for relocation packages — especially those looking for places to retire.
Almost all credit cards accepted.
The city will have completed 46 green alleys by the end of the year, and it has deemed the models so attractive that now every alley it refurbishes will be a green alley.
He left a pile of unanswered questions, which was uncharacteristic of someone who speaks from the heart and keeps a spotless desk.
A waiter they met at their hotel showed the Childerses various apartments.
She acquired the buildings and had them moved to her property.
In 1988 Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, under pressure from conservationists, froze development in about 10 square miles of the city, which was declared the “Lutyens Bungalow Zone.” But the freeze has been poorly enforced.
Mr. Pandit and a group of other senior Morgan Stanley executives would leave the firm and Mr. Purcell, in a bid to solidify control, promoted Ms. Cruz to co-president.
Jeoffrey Beene braided belt, $25.
I was happy to learn that some of the items I hadn’t bought in France are widely available online; it was comforting to know that I could easily order 11 different kinds of Labello lip balm — including orange, cherry and rose, my favorite flavor — from Feelbest.com for a $2.99 apiece.
Nancy E. Little, Mr. Jones’s lawyer, said that neither the police nor the prosecutors claimed that he was doing anything other than standing on the sidewalk with friends — an activity, she said, that is not entirely without precedent in Manhattan.
The film does not patronize Salvatore, who is brave, dignified and clever as well as unlettered.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Aug. 28 (AP) — The Borders Group said Tuesday that it widened its net loss in the second quarter on heavy charges despite an increase in revenue from sales of the seventh book in the Harry Potter series.
What she means is: She took the money she had been saving for a (canceled) trip to Capri and bought this remote control bed instead.
He didn’t dodge any on Sept. 23, 2000, when he came to work a little early and took a call he would have missed had he showed up five minutes later.
Mr. O’Reilly said Media Matters, CNN “and the other media in bed with the far left” lied about what happened on the radio program.
“Thomas got some really tough yards when we needed some tough yards,” Jets Coach Eric Mangini said.
Hunter College, MA, 1932, Ph.D. Studies NYU.
She still has the photographs from the session, the letters she and Mr. Bush exchanged.
special agents had been sent to Baghdad at the request of the State Department to oversee the Blackwater investigation.
The timing of the shift corresponds to the rise of human hunting of fur seals in the Southern Ocean, followed later by whale hunting.
“I think handing out these licenses without a Social Security number was something our clerks really didn’t want to do.” Ms. Marchione said that about a dozen clerks, including herself, had indicated at the meeting that they would disobey the order.
Tied for third, three strokes back, are Sophie Gustafson of Sweden (72), Shin Ji-yai of South Korea (70) and Diana D’Alessio of the United States (76).
The Los Angeles chef Joachim Splichal recently opened Leatherby's Café Rouge inside the Segerstrom Concert Hall (714-429-7640), where the squiggly orange mohair booths echo the hall's design.
A toggle button speeds scrolling through past calls and current contacts.
NEW YORK BOTANICAL GARDEN , Bronx River Parkway (Exit 7W) and Fordham Road, Bedford Park, the Bronx.
Kennedy was spared having to explain Catholic doctrines that never mattered much to him.
Now the opening of the bridge appears to be stalled.
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Company dropped out of the group that is considering a bid for J Sainsbury, the supermarket chain, leaving its three partners to pursue the takeover plan.
Once the meeting began, the sheik came to the point.
There are also a lot of people who are better off because of the recent turmoil.
Appropriately, the shortest night of the year ushers in the season of summer festivals, events often conceived as lighter-hearted and briefer than regular-season fare.
But one week from Monday, they will meet in the Oval Office for a ceremony honoring this year’s American Nobel laureates, including Mr. Gore, who shared the Nobel Peace Prize for his work on climate change .
Acknowledging that he as much as anyone else is guilty of exploiting Marla is an exemplary postmodern move, but it hardly lets him off the hook.
I had entertained the slim hope that Goldberg might consider the “fascist” cult of personality surrounding Reagan’s 1984 “Morning in America” hokum (“Prouder, Stronger, Better”).
It’s huge!” SCHOOL GEAR Donna Goldberg, author of “The Organized Student: Teaching Children the Skills for Success in School and Beyond” (Fireside, 2005), has a system for taming lockers and backpacks called PACK, for Purge, Accessorize, Categorize and Keep it up.
They soar, spin, leap and reach for the sky.
American Eagle Outfitters and Limited also posted flat sales.
Now the bishop is calling on churches here to remove photos of the late priest and rescind honors that were given him, because he is suspected of having molested scores of young boys.
While I was there, I had an experience I had been wanting for more than 25 years.
Once that was done the city would deliver the food and water to their area, she said they told her.
A collaboration with Hadid followed; Waldemeyer designed interactive, touch-sensitive control panels on the tabletop of her futuristic Z.
Remembered each day with a smile.
A fusillade of pink and green and mauve light that really served no purpose, if you thought about it.
The name of the business is Donghua Networks, and its specialty is what gamers call “power leveling.” Like regular gold farming, power leveling offers customers an end run around the World of Warcraft grind — except that instead of providing money and other items, the power leveler simply does the work for you.
At the Usha Kiran Palace (91-751-244-4000; www.tajhotels.com ), airy rooms in this pretty white palace usually go from $195, plus tax, but a call to the reservations desk turned up a room for $130.
Mr. Svatek had tossed what a bystander called “the ultimate first throw,” his ball landing directly in front of his target, but the opposing team, Bocce Bocce & Sons, managed to knock it away.
“This house is totally crazy,” one mystified resident complains.
GEN CON Aug. 16 to 19.
He was 88 and lived in Brooklyn.
Ms. Stern, who herself has had a face-lift, found that men became more attentive and complimentary while women’s reactions ranged from thrilled to hostile.
If you call in from your cellphone, you don’t even have to enter your password first.
“A Dutch Christmas,” with 16th- and 17th-century holiday songs and works by von Eyck and Sweelinck; Early Music New York; Frederick Renz, director.
Born in London, Mr. Hunt joined the merchant navy at 15 and spent six years at sea before studying acting; he later appeared with the Royal Shakespeare Company.
The manual properly reflects American law by explicitly proscribing the gamut of torture measures — including waterboarding — that have proved dear to the heart of administration zealots.
The United States and a number of European Union countries have indicated that they will recognize a unilateral declaration of independence by Kosovo Albanians, after the failure of almost two years of United Nations-sponsored negotiations on the province’s status.
All other baseball fans should tag along.
Democrats proposed the measure after the state’s highest court ruled that early voting violated the Constitution.
Grace's Marketplace, Zabar's, Ideal Cheese and Formaggio Essex, all in Manhattan, and Blue Apron in Brooklyn sell it for around $11.95, and it can be ordered from formaggiokitchen.com.
The Chinese government and state-owned media were silent on Monday about Mr. Watkins’s statement.
The idea of repositioning American forces to minimize American casualties, discourage Iranian, Syrian and Turkish intervention, and forestall the Kurds’ declaring independence is not a new one.
A few days later, he tried to undo the damage.
The agency’s record was singled out in an optimistic front-page article in The Times in 1995.
A longtime resident of Old Greenwich, CT, he moved to North Branford, CT in 2002.
Flint’s domestic difficulties worsen when he begins to suspect that his wife, Sheila, is involved with one of his colleagues.
The score (with a libretto by Camillo Zanoni) loudly echoes Puccini, though Mr. Leoni didn’t use Asian melodies or exotic effects to the extent Puccini did in “Madama Butterfly” and “Turandot.” Mr. Sewailam used his richly lyrical voice to convey first the commanding dignity, then the rage, of the Oracle, who avenges the death of his son, San-Lui.
But it is hard to imagine him staying out if his services are requested.
“How about making an omelet?” my husband asked me the other morning.
Her ambivalence about identity is at the heart of “The Golden Road.” As a girl she felt at home among her Hispanic neighbors.
Earnhardt will watch the Chase from the sidelines for the second time in three years, failing to race his way into the event.
Leo was a member of St. Edward Catholic Church, The Beach Club, The Everglades Club, Old Guard Society of Palm Beach, Yacht Club, and the Knickerbocker Country Club of Tenafly, NJ.
A 16-year-old boy was fatally shot on a street in East New York yesterday afternoon, the police said.
The idea was to capitalize on all the recent publicity surrounding Mr. Federline’s relationship with Ms. Spears.
President Roh Moo-hyun announced that he would leave the liberal Uri Party, which has faced defections and inner turmoil over Mr. Roh's sinking popularity.
The power disruption, she said, left the treatment plant unable to process all but a fraction of its output, although the plant was never shut down entirely and by daybreak water was being treated at a daily rate of 80 million gallons.
She was released on $7,500 bond after her arrest on Wednesday.
It plans to give away some of its services, like photo-sharing and disk storage, while charging for others like its computer security service and a series of business-oriented services aimed at small and medium-size organizations.
At 9 and 11 p.m., Village Vanguard, 178 Seventh Avenue South, at 11th Street, West Village, (212) 255-4037, villagevanguard.com; cover, $25, with a $10 minimum.
“There are no excuses why we should have failures like that,” Rusty Wallace said.
Automakers put their tint right into the glass, but aftermarket tints are films applied on the windows with adhesive.
Give local governments one year to come up with locally generated operating assistance to support service on routes to those communities that can’t meet this goal.
Many of the variations hover on the divide between impishness and intimidation.
will be the technology of the holiday season,” Ronald Sargent, the chief executive of Staples, predicted in an interview.
But in recent decades historians have begun to write not just from within but ‘’from below”: history as experienced by infantry not generals, by citizens not rulers.
This and other physical-exam techniques are part of a disappearing tradition in medicine — replaced more or (in this case) less successfully with a variety of high-tech imaging techniques.
to be the free will of the protagonists.” “The Sea Lady” is a waterlogged, ramshackle contraption that fascinates even as it annoys.
In 1995 he lost an 18-game match at the top of the World Trade Center to Mr. Kasparov.
“He’s from basic Soviet school, but he’s more like American fighter, or black fighter with white skin.
With refinancing no longer an option, it is becoming obvious that these loans were designed to fail.
Mr. Jin is credited with improving the efficiency of tax collections, a longstanding problem.
“Congratulations!” Simon exclaimed as the three of us raised our glasses in a toast.
Documenting the history of medical research involving black Americans is a necessary and worthy project, but a book as rife with errors and confusions as this one will neither help reduce health disparities nor protect against future exploitation.
“The press and the media have glorified the celebrity thing and brainwashed people to live in that world,” Ms. Tequila said.
Largely self-taught, Carter keeps himself in mental shape by watching “Jeopardy!” and competing out loud with the contestants.
Giving the employer that chance is “a requirement, an indispensable prerequisite to a lawsuit,” Connie L. Lensing, a lawyer for Federal Express making her first Supreme Court argument, told the justices.
The building itself is not what is important, Father Urralburu said moments after the improvised service had concluded.
The study’s fine print makes clear that growth is not across the board.
Still, she had read an article in a parenting magazine about how children can become runners.
May Felix, Miriam and the entire family be comforted amongst the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
Jadelynn Stahl, a clean-cut actress of medium build, plays the role as a sort of archetypal cabaret singer in this Looking Glass Theater production.
A sampling of performances of Handel’s “Messiah” and other oratorios in New York City.
The mural, with colorful squares and spheres and scenes of local flavor, is reminiscent of the work of Mexican muralists like David Alfaro Siqueiros, but it is functional, too.
The funds, which raise all their money in the United States, are also the main investors in China Public Security Technology, with a stake that has nearly tripled in value since February.
In a survey this year, 54 percent of Latinos said they saw discrimination as a major obstacle to their progress.
Punishment is swift and fierce.
“Everybody knows that you drift to the left in the primaries and to the center for the general election,” Mr. Bernstein said.
Secondly, though, instead of giving Mr. Icahn the back of his hand, he embraced him.
Acting people are very shy about making decisions.” The situation is more serious at some federal agencies than others.
Manchester City, existing in the shadow of Sir Alex Ferguson, the Beckham-busting dictator of Manchester United, has not won the league championship since 1967-68, when the Beatles were still together and England could believe that the miracle 1966 World Cup title would be replicated any time soon, which it never has.
I think Dick would plead their cases.
And my problem with this collection is that while the dresses and coats look pleasing on the surface, the underlying design value is extremely limited.
It is still essentially a version of Old Red, Mr. Meyers’ little creation that beat Baja, started a sport, and a new form of transportation.
But he and other executives say Uverse needs a chance to flourish and, they say, it is an essential piece of the company’s overall strategy.
As chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, Mr. Biden now offers himself to voters as the candidate who will need no on-the-job training.
Few customers have visited Boston Road Furniture, despite a handwritten come-on taped to the window that promises anyone can “Get Up to $3,000 Instantly No Job No Credit Check.” Marcus St. Marie, the store’s owner, remembers when West Indian immigrants like him would flock to local stores.
I didn’t run the course.
The number of Taliban attacks on Afghan and international security forces in Balkh and the other relatively peaceful provinces of north-central Afghanistan has risen from last year, the authorities say.
This market wasn’t interested in studios before.” Francesca Cha, who recently signed a contract for a 600-square-foot studio in the building, priced at $450,000, said she hadn’t been sure what she would be able to afford when she decided earlier this year that it was time to move out of the Harlem apartment that she now shares with her mother and two younger siblings.
And if the industry succeeds in winning approval for as many new reactors as it wants — 31 and counting — the capacity of nuclear suppliers is likely to be strained.
Mr. Ashley joins them on occasion.
“The Omega Force,” also requested, is an elusively insiderish tribute to George Plimpton, founder of The Paris Review.
The environmental problem arises because the Alps lie right between two of Europe’s most dynamic economic regions, northern Italy and southern Germany, which have threatened to overwhelm the mountains with truck traffic.
A new Sony Classical release with Ms. Alsop conducting the violinist Joshua Bell and the Baltimore Symphony in John Corigliano’s “Red Violin” Concerto took the top spot on the Billboard classical chart in September.
Marvin Miller did the first tour in 1967, his first spring training as the union’s executive director.
Farther downstream, the architects propose a vast public park at the end of Poland Street, a main thoroughfare, and a public amphitheater overlooking the water.
People were starting to speak of the New York School of painters and (later) poets and composers.
These two violinists were joined by Maurycy Banaszek on viola for a colorful, evocative performance of Kodaly’s Serenade (Op.
Our heartfelt sympathy is extended to her entire family.
Legal proceedings about the captives’ status, and the revolt, created a sensation and helped fuel the abolitionist movement.
Federer has not yet been Federer, but he is about to be.
They staked their reputations on bridging the chasm between the world’s richest country and its most populous one at a time when far more modest strategic realignments seemed likely to upset the cold war balance of power.
''This is a great way to show that he's a man of compassion,'' she said.
“We set out to find a penthouse-level condo in D.C. or Baltimore,” Mr. Gering said.
“I just wanted to make sure he kept his head up,” Clarke said.
He didn't speak much English, but he made us sweet herbal tea in the crustily quaint kitchen.
Inspiration for the wine bar came from the Yadkin Valley Winegrowers Association in the Charlotte Douglas International Airport in North Carolina.
“Do I think they used their leverage to create a viable bowl game because it gives them three hours of airtime?
Waters, who closed the beach Aug. 12.
Lehman turned to its employee with a reputation for being able to price anything.
A pain-management doctor who prescribed large amounts of opiates to patients at his clinic in McLean was sentenced to nearly five years in prison.
Harry Ludlow, who runs the maze on his family’s farm, credits Adrian Fisher, a Briton, with designing the first hybrid of English hedge maze and American cornfield in 1993 in Pennsylvania.
Gary Lightbody, the highly likable lead singer, knows how to lead a sing-along without letting the power go to his head.
and Bjork both address politics directly on their recent albums.
“Filing the form may just mean that he’s planning to raise some serious money that would put him outside of what the F.E.C.
SIZE The lake is 20,600 acres and has 500 miles of shoreline.
“The frustration level is overwhelming, and much of it is legitimate,” Mr. Everson said.
The nonprofit Storefront for Art and Architecture has been around for a quarter-century now.
Mr. Khan, a symbol of defiance for youth here, was expected to “make a speech to the students to rally them against Musharraf,” said Saloni Bokhari, the president of the women’s wing of Mr. Khan’s political party.
If you weren’t gambling, you weren’t losing to the house, and this left casinos little incentive to wine and dine you.
“We got here two hours early because we thought there’d be such a wait.” That surprise was registered at Philadelphia International, where hundreds of parking spaces were recently added.
Scientists evaluated bone loss around the teeth in 51 men with newly diagnosed tongue cancer and in 54 men without the diagnosis.
Kansas Development Finance Authority, $79.8 million of health care revenue bonds for Stormont-Vail Healthcare.
Fassel said the saga had been overblown and overanalyzed.
“This creates some long-term competition from a clean AAA name,” he said.
It’s not a lot of language, like being on the stage.” After graduating from the University of Illinois in 1980, he received his master of fine arts at Tisch School of the Arts at New York University.
Three losses with an eight-game lead is one thing; three losses with a five-game lead quite another.
— without forgetting that the counter-question Mr. Dylan has posed is more challenging and, for a movie, more important: How does it feel?
The two men also discussed Mr. Thompson’s account of Mr. Dean’s “rambling” and “not particularly effective performance.” But Mr. Nixon wanted more, complaining that “that little boy Thompson” was not providing enough detail.
Even our drinking bottles were hot.”
Had Chief Justice Rehnquist secretly been dropping in on meetings of the Cognitive Bias Working Group?
“He would be a formidable candidate for any citywide position that he seeks.” It was not clear whether Mr. Thompson and Mr. Carrión had had any conversations regarding the politics of 2009 immediately before Thursday’s announcement.
A true racing pigeon, which can fly up to 70 miles per hour, is a thoroughbred — all speed, muscle and pedigree.
“They were the ones that put that system on the map,” Mr. Cannon said.
It ended up flying 67 feet 4 ¾ inches, a personal best.
She made sure to have Jami listen to a CD during parts of the service when she was not on stage.
By mid-April, Mr. Demchak and Mr. Feldstein had raised the $250,000 needed for the Bridge Foundation to send the first load of medical supplies.
Mr. Trubeck will remain as a consultant through December.
“You start with making the simplest things work well from the beginning.” He said Apple was concentrating on adding simple features to the living room, not shoehorning a PC into the living room.
Education officials turned to Ms. Salzberg to take over the school.
Publishers tend not to advertise titles that are perpetual-motion strong sellers, like “Night,” “To Kill a Mockingbird” and “The Catcher in the Rye.” Clearing them off the list creates room for new books that publishers will advertise.
The police, he said, “assessed the situation and worked with the airport” to offload the passengers into a secure area until the plane was cleared to take off for Newark.
The bulk of these 44 photographs were taken in the 1960s and ’70s, when Lithuania was part of the Soviet Union.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY DUANE BURLESON/ASSOCIATED PRESS)
It has a living room with 17-foot ceilings, according to the listing by Liz Nelson, an agent with the Corcoran Group, with huge double-height windows, four bedrooms and an eat-in kitchen in a building dating to 1904.
Still, they were ardent Anglophiles, their living rooms decorated with photographs of the king and queen, longing for an England which to them was home, though most had never even been there and never would be.
Steven Weinstein, a philosopher of science at the University of Waterloo, in Ontario, termed the phrase “law of nature” as “a kind of honorific” bestowed on principles that seem suitably general, useful and deep.
It showed that fewer Americans over all were employed in October.
Other Multi-Check Toy Safety measures include: ¶Increased scope and frequency of testing of both incoming materials and finished products, including testing of finished products from every production run ¶Tougher certification program for contract manufacturers and paint suppliers, including evidence that toy safety standards and quality control procedures are in place and operating effectively ¶Increased random inspections and audits of both manufacturers and their suppliers, including semi-annual audits and quarterly random inspections for key suppliers ¶Zero tolerance for compromise on RC2 specifications reinforced by mandatory vendor compliance seminars and signed agreements.
“It’s critical to keep bringing new players into casinos rather than recycle those who are already there.” Most of the $1 billion-plus that the roughly one million slot machines in the United States take in on a typical day is paid to winners.
Lord Skelmersdale was pushed into a slam in the diagramed deal, then played nicely to make it.
Photo: Members of the Qassam Brigades, Gaza's new security force, patrolled the streets of the city yesterday.
Jiang Yu, a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman, said the agency, the State Food and Drug Administration, conducted an investigation last year in response to a request by officials at the United States Food and Drug Administration.
Just as Microsoft successfully “cut off” Netscape’s air supply by giving away its Explorer Web browser as part of the Windows operating system, Google may shove Windows Mobile aside if the Google Phone is given away to hand-set makers.
It was unclear, however, whether the Legislature would pass such a bill.
(Sisario) LUCINDA WILLIAMS (Tomorrow and Sunday, and Tuesday through Thursday) This was the summer of album-retrospective concerts, with Sonic Youth on tour playing ''Daydream Nation,'' Slint doing ''Spiderland'' and lots of others joining in on the fun.
“If you take Exxon Mobil,” said Mindy S. Lubber, the head of Ceres, “they provide almost no analysis and disclosure of climate change as a business risk.
To the Sports Editor: Regarding Alan Schwarz's recent articles concerning football-related dementia, the greatest damage is caused by the hard-shell helmet and padding.
“In comparing the Web versions to the print versions, I noticed that the publishers’ main contribution to the quality of the books was in adding professionally drawn illustrations,” he wrote in an e-mail message.
THE BATHROOMS Sufficient but a little cramped compared with the well-lighted comfortable room.
She shows why Nixon and Kissinger kept their approaches to the Chinese secret from allies and most of their own advisers, while suggesting that they relished the secrecy too much, carrying it beyond what was necessary.
The piece kept breaking from spasms of quick tune, with amplified flutter-tonguings like the spits and sputters of flame, into expansive sustained chords from the six-member ensemble, their pitches gently swaying, like hammocks.
You say, ‘Mea culpa,’ and you don’t do it anymore.” The heart of California’s higher-education problem, according to Taylor, is that Proposition 209 created a patently impossible situation.
“One day I’ll actually know what it is to sit down,” she said.
“If Congress says they have to meet 35 by 2020, that’s what it should be,” the official said.
Even Democrats who described themselves as delighted by the results said they had no doubt that the Republican nominee will have more than enough money to compete in the general election.
Studio Theater, 141 South Wellwood Avenue.
“He is truly a national treasure because he lives and breathes genetic preservation,” said Anne Malleau, executive director of the Whole Foods Animal Compassion Foundation and an agriculture expert.
Several art critics and scholars have been highly critical of the museum’s decision to go to court and allow access to the shielded work, contending that artists should have broad power over the disposition of their work.
“This year it’s just become huge.
Mr. Medina added black and Latino managers to run his programs, and pulled the agency out of the association that lobbied on behalf of foster care agencies; he said the foster care system felt like some version of “apartheid.” And his salary rose significantly, climbing by tens of thousands of dollars a year — by the end his compensation package had topped $300,000 annually — and approved by a board that did not do written performance reviews.
“You going to buy fox urine this year?” he asked.
James Collins Jersey City To the Editor: Your gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgendered readers (and those who support their rights) may want to know that in one of your chosen islands ( Barbados ), those travelers may be sentenced to life in prison (though the law is pending review) and in another ( St. Lucia ) they are subject to 10 years in prison.
His elegiac drama “The Dining Room,” which has been revived respectfully by the Keen Company at the Clurman Theater, is a series of short portraits organized around the idea that the world of well-to-do Northeastern society is dramatically changing, if not coming to an end.
“This could be important in improving both the G.M.
She is survived by her husband Troy (Andy) Anderson of Summit, her mother, Betty Lipper O'Brien of Boulder, Colorado, her father and stepmother A. Michael and Ruth C. Lipper of Summit, NJ, her brothers Ken Lipper of Westfield, NJ, Steve Lipper of New Providence, NJ, Don Lipper of Davis, California, and a large and loving family of sisters-in-law, aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews and cousins.
What with years of layoffs, employee buyouts and sending jobs offshore, corporate America has helped create a pool of about 800,000 early retirees who now find themselves in a health care bind.
Then the financing they had for their taxol research from Cytoclonal Pharmaceutics came to an end.
Further, he said, the policy will do little to detect corruption.
His last name, in Polish, means fox, although he quickly abandoned it for dozens of aliases.
The Americans won 5 of the 12 singles matches yesterday in Montreal, more than enough to capture the Presidents Cup for the second straight time.
(Ben Ratliff) RANDY WESTON (Wednesday and Thursday) Mr. Weston's pianism can recall Duke Ellington and Thelonious Monk, but as a composer he has long reached beyond the specific parameters of jazz.
Dr. GUARENTE, scientists like J. Craig Venter , one of the first to map the human genome , feel that increasing life span should not be the goal of science.
debate, the participants aimed their fire at Senator Clinton, not one another.
— a polarizing figure, the object of much hatred from the right, who nonetheless succeeded in making big changes.
The starter, T. J. Ford, left Tuesday night's Game 5 after he injured his neck in a first-quarter collision with the Nets' Vince Carter.
She went to the one room school hose in Athens, then to Leland and Gray, and then on to Brattleboro High School.
We like to think of Missouri as a bellwether state — in the past 100 years, we’ve voted for the winner of every presidential race but one — but so far, nobody’s ringing our bell too loudly.
A major reason for my visits are the European-style cakes, cookies, pastries and breads baked by Mr. Joas and his daughter: lemon and mocha tarts, almond macaroons, shortbreads, Dutch apple cake, sour cream coffee cake, Bavarian rye, raisin and mixed-grain breads.
Each house is built to a grand scale.
Caring for him and managing the paperwork to become his legal guardian and continue his Medicaid was also hard.
This week, the federal Election Assistance Commission said the state could pay the costs using money from the Help America Vote Act, which provides money to improve voting equipment.
A rental car is recommended, but the Charleston Black Cab Company (843-216-2627, www.charlestonblackcabcompany.com ) offers London-style taxis from the airport to downtown ($29 for one person, $40 for two or more).
The existing ordinance says at least 50 percent must be Swiss made.
But his staff hashed out how to navigate there.
David T. Hon, chief executive of the privately held Dahon Group, said that while he had been raising wages 10 to 15 percent a year, the average labor cost for each bicycle had actually edged downward.
The most famous and successful of these was the “Musicians” series, with four known images.
Minangasli, 86-10 Whitney Avenue; (718) 429-8207.
“What character is left?” Ms. King said of the village.
Consider this curiosity of United States environmental policy: Countless federal laws have been written to preserve far-flung wilderness that Americans rarely visit (the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, for instance) and endangered species that we scarcely see (from longhorn fairy shrimp to piping plovers).
But these days, the clatter of blogs, talk radio and a 24-hour news cycle of often unfiltered information has made the strategy more difficult to execute, and the costs now might be greater.
The book challenges readers’ powers of reasoning in other ways.
Instead, Steve Tisch and John Mara employed a strategy of status quo by holding onto Coughlin until something more suitable became available — or was pushed out — from Notre Dame.
On Saturday night James Levine presided over Verdi’s brute of an opera “Don Carlo,” hardly work for anyone not feeling well.
His concern, Torre said delicately, was that “guys that you felt he should have better luck against” were getting hits.
One important aspect of the new code is that it gives the city’s Department of Environmental Protection, which monitors noise complaints, as well as the police department, real enforcement powers.
Barnes & Noble said there was no intent to defraud the company or investors and that the backdating practice was applied uniformly.
But he, along with the writers (here, Tony Gilroy, Scott Z. Burns and George Nolfi), also wants to complicate things, mix some unease in with all the heart-thumping enjoyment.
“That’s the problem,” said Julie A.
Real estate developers, meanwhile, have been buying up land that surrounds Le Massif in the past few years, selling lots and building housing for second-home owners and retirees.
We think four-acre zoning is a dubious idea, but the commission should use the public hearing next month to listen to residents and conduct a dialogue about the town’s needs.
In other words: half empty.
Mr. Markowitz cited the rash of condominium construction nearby as evidence that the detention center has not deterred development.
“They are disposed of,” said Sherrie Rosenblatt, vice president of the National Turkey Federation.
Arnold Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency for the area.
A spokesman from the Office of Thrift Supervision, the federal regulator that oversees Washington Mutual, expressed annoyance that the agency had learned of the case through the media.
Several months later, Mr. Chase had Mr. Baer show him around North Jersey.
On Monday, Ms. Owens called the mobile crisis team at Interfaith Medical Center, about a mile from her house.
A spokesman for the Solow Management Corporation, which owns the building at 265 East 66th Street, said the violations had been corrected and had nothing to do with the accident.
At that time everyone, even Steinbrenner, liked Torre because the Yankees had won four World Series and played in two others in an eight-year span.
“It’s kind of unusual to vote in two places.” For Rehoboth Beach’s concerned part-timers, involvement often goes beyond the voting booth.
“We’ll get some great data, some great feedback and have a very important learning experience,” Mr. Siegel said.
The researchers did find one way of improving people’s calculating ability: offer them money.
In 2004, the American Diabetes Association said that Zyprexa was more likely to cause diabetes than other commonly prescribed antipsychotic medicines, although the F.D.A.
The company’s logo and name dominates its jerseys, below the club’s revered small cockerel and ball crest.
The long struggle over the project illustrates many of the difficulties in carrying out smart growth at a time when the region’s population is expected to grow by three to four million over the next 25 years — a trend that provoked calls for a reduction in the region’s reliance on single-family homes in favor of something more pedestrian-friendly, dense and compact.
But the seemingly minor grammatical alterations have led to swelling anger in the Okinawa islands in Japan, cresting recently in the biggest protest here in at least 35 years and stunning the Japanese government.
Returning to the classroom after 15 years, she found, was tough at first.
Mr. Abdel said that the entire network could be built within 18 months and that Wall Street firms could be operating data centers in the area by early 2009.
Actually, a doughy, cheesy, wonderful thing happened, and neither she nor Los Angeles may ever be quite the same.
The Cowboys will try to apply pressure with DeMarcus Ware and Greg Ellis, who have combined for 17 ½ sacks.
The United States took the top two spots in the four-scull men’s championship.
Much of the show’s sculpture — Senga Nengudi’s nylon stockings weighted with sand, Harmony Hammond’s ladder-shaped grids wrapped in bandagelike strips of cloth — is similarly unconventional.
They kill Muslims as well — the situation is the same for both.” The Chaldean Church is an Eastern Rite church affiliated with the Roman Catholics but allowed to retain its customs and rites, even when they differ from the traditions of the Roman church.
“I never thought he’d do it,” Mr. Alan said.
Quaker, part of PepsiCo, says that is its most sizable marketing budget for a new product.
The couple’s story is a testament to perseverance.
Early on, it appeared that the game was going to be no contest.
But she still gave the illusion of floating purity.
Poiret’s liberation of the female body was in part inspired by the gamine build and independent spirit of his wife and muse, Denise, whom he married in 1905.
Analyst say that Beijing is likely to allow a continued, gradual appreciation of the yuan, which has allowed it to strengthen by more than 12 percent since July 2005.
“I’m always thinking if I did the right thing coming here by myself.
7 subway line, including a new station at 10th Avenue.
Farther north near the Mosul dam, a truck bomb severely damaged a bridge over the Tigris River, killing at least one member of the Iraqi security forces.
In New York, Burr established the first urban political machine.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. did not need to dance to beat Ricky Hatton.
When word gets out that she may be infected, she’s shunned at school; her gay best friend stands by her, and before you know it she’s an AIDS-awareness heroine.
Mr. Perrin said he advocated for an international church because the Bible told him to.
But it has faced skepticism from many other investors and has not yet attracted a big pharmaceutical company to market its drug and to help defray development costs.
In his typically unaffected fashion, Cade was astonished about the fuss.
It turns out that the 59th Street station was a kind of proving ground for the architects Heins & LaFarge in 1901, three years before the Interborough Rapid Transit Company trains began running through it.
“And don’t forget to get a receipt,” I call after him.
“He was very friendly and very outgoing and he was — he is — well liked in the department,” the Mount Kisco chief of police, Steven Anderson, said in a phone interview.
Baseball, I think, still holds a precious enough place in our souls that it can be desecrated — just as, say, a great newspaper can be.
No expense was spared in the kitchen, because, as Mr. Pope said, “Who doesn’t love Italian food?” Designed as an instructional facility, it accommodates 36 people, with four flat-screen monitors and state-of-the-art equipment.
Srgjan Kerim, a former foreign minister of Macedonia who has served as his country's ambassador to Germany, Switzerland and Lichtenstein, and the United Nations, was elected president of the General Assembly for the 62nd session of the 192-member body, which begins in September.
Mrs. Graham, who has been bedridden for several years, has reportedly slipped into a coma.
Confusion has reigned on the business side of podcasts, too.
“I like to go with a person whose words match their actions.” Mr. McCain’s campaign is counting on a sharp split among social conservatives in the 2008 primary.
In any case, the newer tracks held up well next to the old ones on Thursday night.
The evening after the I-love-you conversation I asked my husband if he ever said “I love you” to Milo.
“This must have been reviewed by all five township committeemen three or four times,” Mrs. Bascom said.
“There’s nothing that can compare with the one-on-one meetings that you have with the people of Iowa,” Mitt Romney , the former Massachusetts governor who is seeking the Republican presidential nomination, told reporters at the Iowa Statehouse.
“If it hadn’t been for a CompUSA I would probably have never seen a Mac, or gotten a chance to try one out — and who knows if I’d ever made the switch.” This week, the Consumerist obtained the chain’s internal business discount list for its liquidation.
Such offenses do not usually carry a jail sentence for first-time offenders.
Susie Q Posted to the Bats blog Flip Side of Steroids To the Sports Editor: Only the seriously dedicated fans care about baseball records.
, 41 First Avenue between Second and Third Streets, (212) 475-5097.
Mr. Simpson has turned over a fraction of the sum, partly because a Florida law forbids seizing a house to pay a civil penalty.
I attacked a society that prevented gay playwrights from treating their lives frankly and then complained about disguises in gay writers’ plays.
The Rock Art Picture Show’s most popular offering is a 14 1/2-by-15 1/2-inch black acrylic frame with an integral black mat and an attached hanger, which sells for $18.95.
According to the American Pet Products Manufacturers Association, consumer spending in the industry totaled $38.5 billion last year, up 35 percent since 2002.
The original Adiri BreastBottle Nurser, invented by Ms. Morrill’s father, John Prentiss, looked like a flattened dome with a nipple and was made of soft plastic.
“We’re insulated from what happens in other places, and the lenders and buyers are more conservative.
But the end of American Home came abruptly.
Mr. Smith countered that his administration was responsible for the new construction, not for the decline.
I think I look more open.
In a report released last month, the Central Intelligence Agency ’s inspector general described a dysfunctional spy family, in which the National Security Agency refused to share intercepts from Al Qaeda with the C.I.A., and the C.I.A., in turn, withheld information from the F.B.I.
There are small plates and creative sandwiches like sirloin sliders with parmesan and caramelized onions in a red wine demi-glace.
We may as well start with the obvious questions about “Young Frankenstein,” the really big show from Mel Brooks that opened last night at the Hilton Theater.
They found that in the larger groups, the children ate 30 percent more.
Hochman (deceased) for 45 years, mother of James (Linda Legner) and William (Jan Spiegel), grandmother of Jessica, sister of Joan Scherk (Martin).
“Time is short,” Mr. Bush warned in an appearance at the F.B.I.
“Nobody else will ever make a car like this again.
But that can take many years.
Directed by Gore Verbinski; written by Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio, based on characters created by Mr. Elliott, Mr. Rossio, Stuart Beattie and Jay Wolpert, from Walt Disney’s “Pirates of the Caribbean” ; director of photography, Dariusz Wolski; edited by Craig Wood and Stephen Rivkin; music by Hans Zimmer; production designer, Rick Heinrichs; produced by Jerry Bruckheimer; released by Walt Disney Pictures.
But I was angry at the label itself.
Sometimes bloggers invite authors on their own.
Two speaking actors (Zachary Linnert and Caroline Burrow) inhabit the scenes as unobtrusive extras — at a back table in restaurant scenes, for instance — and speak the lines that the main actors are signing.
Named after one of his albums and built around snippets of audio interviews with Mr. Ayler, it attempts and often achieves a fresh, playful style that’s equally informed by jazz traditions and Mr. Ayler’s urge to shatter them.
Mr. Reilly is a paralegal in the security law unit at Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft, the New York law firm.
The diminished presence of canvassers will surely delight those New Yorkers who have become expert at tracing wide arcs of avoidance on the city’s sidewalks.
If elected, he said, he would seek out an Islamic audience in the first 100 days of his administration to “redefine our struggle” and open “America Houses” across the Islamic world to improve a tarnished image of the United States.
The Naantali Spa Hotel (358-2-44-550; www.naantalispa.fi/english ) is certainly not a destination devoted to family vacations, and at times we feared that our children were disturbing its relatively understated atmosphere.
Stravinsky, music’s wandering expatriate of style, could give us both “The Fairy’s Kiss” from 1928, with its delicate allusions to Tchaikovsky and audience-friendly charms, and the Symphony in Three Movements from 1945, music whose violence and chiaroscuro describe World War II as well as any black-and-white newsreel.
“IHOP is down the block,” he called.
Hearing him, listeners would shiver or quail or walk away.
He returns to the club he left after the 2004 season.
Alycia Scott, the Dance Center’s coordinator of community engagement, outreach and education, was told by the first group she approached, an entity that provides support to Chicago’s Vietnamese population, that it wasn’t interested “because of the political situation,” a reference that initially mystified her.
Our valley was like a snowfield with six inches of hailstones the size of hazelnuts on the ground.
When it was time to cart home leftovers, that was one happy kid.
Soon, Pentagon experts seized on a new device known as the laser that they hoped would one day fire rays of light strong enough to smash rockets and warheads.
Last year, amid complaints about the lack of taste in billboard advertisements by several upstate law firms, the seven judges moved to rein in advertising.
“People are being left to sink or swim with their own resources,” he wrote, saying one result is a world of “adaptation apartheid.” Some economists and development experts criticized the report yesterday, saying that a quick, costly shift away from fossil fuels, the main source of emissions, could actually backfire, blunting the climb toward prosperity that they say is a prerequisite for action to improve environmental quality.
Just be prepared to pay a handsome sum.
In 2003, she lost to Serena at the Australian and Wimbledon finals before missing the rest of the season with an abdominal injury and recovering from the murder of her half-sister Yetunde Price.
He has pleaded not guilty to charges of traveling across state lines to have sex with a child under age 12, using the Internet to entice a minor and traveling to another state to engage in illicit sex.
More people eat at their desks and in their cars.
I’m not going to change who I am just because it’s Halloween.” She replied through clenched teeth, “That’s, that’s great.” With a smile, Mr. Obama told her, “And may I say, you make a lovely bride.” Whereupon the Bill Clinton character offered, “She’s a witch.” Mr. Obama then introduced the show, with the trademark “Live, from New York, it’s Saturday Night!” He did not appear again.
He utters what follows, in a low, glacial voice, his face remaining falsely pleasant for the dozens of faces stuck to the windows.
It said “about 30 more people” were believed dead.
Mr. Bengtsson, whose former label often tweaked conservative men’s looks with a touch of subversive black leather, took stock of Gant’s archives to create the new line, coming up with windbreakers and polo shirts in oxford-like materials.
The vast majority of MRSA cases happen in hospital settings, but 10 percent to 15 percent occur among otherwise healthy people, often those who are prone to cuts and scrapes, like children and athletes.
Sales for both new plays like “The Seafarer” and “The Farnsworth Invention” and for ever-popular musicals jumped substantially, Mr. Silver said.
Only “universal appeals” for approaches that help all Americans, he wrote in his book, “schools that teach, jobs that pay, health care for everyone who needs it” can do that, “even if such strategies disproportionately help all Americans.” Mr. Obama has never had difficulty appealing to whites.
“My mother says, ‘It’s my car, I can smoke.’ ” Every day counselors rate the young mothers’ parenting skills on a 100-point scale.
These schools all cherish the idea that, as Scarsdale’s director, Susan Grosz, says, “If you stop learning, you stop growing and enjoying life.” The Scarsdale school has no campus.
The senior party members who have spoken out have said they would continue to support General Musharraf’s candidacy as a civilian president, but have warned that the Supreme Court is likely to rule his nomination illegal unless he steps down as army chief.
Each will receive $100,000 annually for the next five years, no strings attached.
“He’s looking to help everybody feel better,” Bradshaw said of Ward.
More recent questions about Avandia’s potential risks, as outlined in a New England Journal of Medicine article last week, have prompted the Congressional hearing.
Ms. Campbell, 40, had worked as a freelance journalist for a number of publications including The New York Times.
The teams have met three times so far.
“It’s hard to go out there and play the Patriots and the refs at the same time,” Ravens cornerback Chris McAlister said.
We felt a bit like sultans ourselves as we lunched on our own multi-course meal in the hotel’s rooftop dining room, where we could gaze directly upon the magnificent Blue Mosque and even imagine the Hagia Sofia just beyond, its A.D. 537 Christian domes flanked by post-1453 Muslim minarets.
But Perry’s inventiveness isn’t limited to the situational mechanics of the plot, and his complex characters, including a pair of insanely appealing villains, are all the more attractive for being so devious and untrustworthy.
The school plans to restore the building, he said.
At the flooring section nearby I was dazzled by the polished stones in the Solistone decorative pebble collection.
“I will accept this award on behalf of all the people that have been working so long and so hard to try to get the message out about this planetary emergency,” Mr. Gore said Friday in Palo Alto, Calif., standing with his wife, Tipper, and four members of the United Nations climate panel.
Some numbers mix; others don’t, she explained.
The Mavericks, who won a league-high 67 games, lost to Golden State in the first round.
At the gas station, Mr. Davis collapsed, and the police arrested him.
BUENOS AIRES SETH WULSIN’S work began with the shattering of glass.
Does he love that guitar more than you?
CONTACT: Anna Pesce, Rubloff Residential Properties (312) 368-5300; www.rubloff.com Lihue Kauai, Hawaii WHAT: One-bath waterfront studio in a condo-hotel in the Hilton Kauai Beach Resort HOW MUCH: $470,000 (reduced from $550,000) PER SQUARE FOOT: $1,530 SETTING: This oceanfront condo in the Hilton Kauai Beach Resort has unobstructed views of the Pacific.
The arrests were made, and with suspects still at the scene, the three agents “experienced a very small explosion” as they looked through the car.
He seems to have been surrounded by people who knew just enough about black America to be stupidly insensitive, and his family couldn’t help him.
Talking Business, by Joe Nocera.
But the outlook might not be as bright for mortgage-related traders.
Mr. Jobs said Apple planned to limit sales to two for each customer, and Mr. Stephenson said AT&T would restrict purchases to a single phone.
(A survey last year by bankrate.com found that closing costs in New York averaged about $3,900, the highest of any state.)
What to Do St. Kitts is slowly earning a reputation as one of the few spots in the Caribbean that isn't overdived.
I love the porches.” Later, when Mr. Zamore and Ms. Parker met to talk about how the design could be adapted to her particular site and situation, she was finally able to visualize moving out of the FEMA trailer and into a home, she said.
“Look at him,” Mr. Tria said.
MOSS--Perry, 81, of Boynton Beach, Florida died March 3, 2007.
The great toy crisis of 2007, the national anxiety outbreak caused by lead paint and dangerous magnets from China, toymaker to the world, leaves millions of parents facing a quandary — What about Christmas?
But Senator Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, displayed a map on the Senate floor in July locating more than 46,000 acres that American growers were cultivating in just two Mexican states, Guanajuato and Baja California.
Dr. Crews, the director of the University of North Carolina Bowles Center for Alcohol Studies, and Dr. Obernier have shown that after a longstanding abstinence following heavy binge-drinking, adult rats can learn effectively — but they cannot relearn.
The animals were injected with toxin starting in October.
“Two Tales of Urban Moxie,” which runs to a page and a half, concerns an old lady who flips a trucker the bird and an old man who cusses out a biker.
Here are excerpts from some of the e-mails I received.
Factory inventories rose 0.3 percent in June, after increasing 0.4 percent a month earlier, the Commerce Department said on Aug. 2.
Among the examples cited are standards for wireless technology, mobile phones and mobile phone batteries that favor Chinese companies, as well as antimonopoly laws that exempt Chinese government enterprises.
More than 350 people have logged in to read Mr. Gramlich’s CarePage, which Mrs. Gramlich said had spared the family the time and emotional trauma of notifying people themselves.
The indictment stopped short of actually naming Mrs. Kirchner as the intended recipient.
“If we were located in Huntington Village, we’d be closed down in a heartbeat,” she said.
Sectarian biases have sometimes been a problem.
Earlier in the week, Mr. Létourneau had sent me an e-mail message saying we’d be eating on the road.
“In two to five years, the whale carcass is basically gone,” he said.
While Ms. Hardin won’t disclose what’s next for her character, she hopes Jan “will be her worst self for a while,” she said, adding: “I want her to be really messy.
Peggy Funderburke, a minister of the Reformed Church in America, performed the ceremony at Marble Collegiate Church in New York.
Mr. Terwilliger, now in private practice, is said to be favored by influential lawyers in Bush legal circles, like William P. Barr, attorney general when Mr. Terwilliger was the No.
Lindsay Lohan is staying put.
Once his father (Alvin Epstein), a barber, dies, Howard really goes off the rails, lugging the old man’s ashes (and a yarmulke) from flophouse to street curb to park bench.
“You’re starting to speak the language.”) Her proximity to her subject gives her a insider’s wisdom without seriously compromising her ability to dish.
This time, his wife was ready.
Mr. Hili taps a network of acquaintances in Baghdad to ferret out safe houses, and pays extra for landlords to alert him to possible trouble.
The Knicks have lost 9 of 12 games since Marbury left the first time, including three losses in which he played.
Don’t vote against every incremental step, because then you will never take the first step.
A sign announcing a Christmas Eve vigil for Fujianese immigrants was taped to the window.
Backer said, “and it’s good to see an individual taking on a group because of that.” ELSA BRENNER
When this is all over, I wanted people to have as thorough an understanding as humanly possible, wherever it led.” Selig, whose manner is grandfatherly, is prone to telling long, droll stories about baseball history.
(This and other intrusions will no doubt be magically erased when BMG Classics issues this concert on CD.)
for over a decade, a one-firm mentality and comprehensive risk management.” So intertwined are Mr. Fuld and his firm that few banking veterans think of Lehman’s culture as separable from the persona of its chief executive: obstinate, determined and accountable.
But those old stories — and those classic Disney movies — were almost more complicated than the parodies allowed.
Both turned to their friends in Congress.
Fans and reporters wrote him off.
His last day at the station was Thursday.
But in spite of the apparent consensus that hemp crops would be good for the future of the Lakota, and the widespread doubt about the danger of hemp for the body politic, federal agents raided the crops the very first year.
Ali and a couple of his men were there as well, prepared to make a triumphant entry.
The resort is closed during the rainy season, April 15 to July 31.
Nevertheless, thousands of supporters in minibuses and trucks, on motorbikes and bicycles, filled the road outside the airport, many pressing forward to touch his white sport utility vehicle and catch a glimpse of him and his brother.
What makes Mr. Gallagher so promising is that he has forced these diverse currents into a coherent whole.
“Summer of Love,” which recently closed at the Whitney Museum of American Art, looked back to the art and music of 1967; “Panic Attack!
Coumadin is usually continued for at least six months.
It had its share of drug dealers and gangs.
He would be glad to tell the N.F.L.
Because of that he was able to fly from Italy to the Czech Republic and then to Canada, potentially infecting others.
And the depiction of Cinderella (Amy Sedaris), Rapunzel (Maya Rudolph) and Snow White ( Amy Poehler ) as bored, catty moms is likely to tickle fans of “Little Children,” a group that I hope doesn’t include any actual little children.
Some items have recent historical significance.
She is there by 5 a.m. Saturdays, baking those hot muffins for the 8 a.m. rush.
As family and friends gather to support Audrey and her two young children, Harper (Alexis Llewellyn) and Dory (Micah Berry), Audrey remembers Jerry and reluctantly invites him to the funeral.
To add romance to the mystery, Mona’s lawyer, engaged to the prosecutor at the start, begins to fall for his client.
The Republican presidential candidates have apparently decided that the real commander in chief test is to see who can out-trash talk the White House on Iran.
Doubtless many in the audience disagreed; everything here had a warm reception.
In Nafplio, double rooms at the Amphitryon Hotel (30-281-030-0330; www.amphitryon.gr ) start at 343 euros, including breakfast.
Austin shot a 67 and Ernie Els , a three-time major winner, shot a 66 to finish three shots back.
“It would be a little sad if in the end all of this was just the result of the prosecutors’ threats and that American museums had only reacted because of legal questions,” said Stefano De Caro, the culture ministry’s director general of archaeology.
The next day, at a panel on social networking, executives griped that software developers would not prosper unless phone companies were less greedy.
Loving father of James and Andrea Kaplan and the late Joy Kaplan.
Net profit came to 1.18 billion kroner ($230 million) for the period that ended Sept. 30, up from 913 million kroner for the period a year earlier, Carlsberg said.
In the rare sex scenes, Theroux takes a turn for the grotesque.
With the bases loaded Sunday, and the Yankees leading, 5-3, thanks to Johnny Damon’s three-run homer, Caray said, “This is a spot where they have to score another run to win the game.” Does he also read palms?
High up in the stacks, a container overflowed with trash, evidence of someone’s precarious third-story dwelling.
Officers assigned to the Brooklyn South narcotics squad found the weapons while executing a search warrant at 2281 Ocean Parkway about 1:30 a.m., the police said.
Whatever her personal feelings, it is a central part of Mrs. Clinton’s campaign strategy.
“The over-the-counter guards are usually better than nothing,” said Dr. Charles McNeill, director of the Center for Orofacial Pain at the University of California, San Francisco.
This extraordinary show, drawn almost entirely from the Met’s vaults, presents an array of nearly 100 carved figures, crucifixes, reliefs, containers, hand-held weapons and the occasional piece of furniture.
Anchoring the "CBS Evening News" from Iraq last week, Katie Couric seemed to be drinking the same Kool-Aid (or eating the same lobster tortellini) as Mr. O'Hanlon.
The answer is probably yes.
The current method benefits Japanese auto companies, whose lineups are not as varied as their Detroit rivals, said Mr. Obama, whose state is home to a Ford assembly plant, as well as one owned by the Japanese automaker Mitsubishi.
But they’re too few and far between.
Her German captors dismissed the idea outright.
McEwan siphoned samples for me of a deeply sherried 1973 from the defunct Glenglassaugh Distillery in Speyside, a dainty, floral Highland Park 1989 that spent time in a grenache blanc cask and a 10-year-old Macallan resting in a zinfandel cask from California's Ridge Vineyards.
He has fought Sunnis who he believed were attacking his community, and in the process fueled the cycle of sectarian brutality.
“It means a lot because we didn’t start off too well on the road,” Orr said.
Hoping to alleviate a frustration of mobile computing, Hewlett-Packard has quietly introduced a free service designed to make it possible to print documents on any printer almost anywhere in the world.
“They made what could have been pure torture much more fun and tolerable.” And, Ms. Richter-Menge said, “if they’re in a car with their friends they’re busy talking about things.
The eight other cases involved United Flight 175, which hit the south tower.
He succeeds Brian M. McLaughlin, who headed the labor council for 11 years before he was indicted in October on charges of obtaining $2.2 million through embezzlement, fraud and bribery.
It commanded 8.3 percent of the global market, according to the research firm IDC, ahead of Acer’s 7.2 percent but just slightly more than half of second-place Dell’s 16.1 percent.
He graduated magna cum laude from Kenyon College and received a master’s degree in theater directing from the University of California, Irvine.
Their bodies were dumped on the road.
‘‘Dick takes out his boat late at night,’’ she continued.
Piece by piece, a graceful structure of whimsy and magic is taking shape in this old river port, fulfilling the dream of a group of seafaring Frenchmen to honor a founding father of French-American friendship.
This time, the Republicans in New York should be congratulated for planning a truly open primary.
He wanted them to hear him play — but just as much, to help them understand what the concert pianist’s life was in the United States.
His departure was followed by those of a couple of other top aides.
“A bit, unnerving, eh?” Once again, I took hold of the paw, handling it with the same easy confidence I might have felt playing with plutonium.
Companies are obligated to notify the agency within 24 hours if they learn that their products could pose a substantial threat to the public.
“We cook a lot,” she said, “and the food we make is very important to us.” Ms. Blumenthal, who is from Coral Springs, Fla., and Mr. Patrick, who is from Cleveland, met as students at New York University.
Mr. Matos’s own Volkswagen Touareg is wrapped, as is his wife’s Isuzu Rodeo.
After working in print journalism, Mr. Gilliard migrated online, working for a Web site, Net Slaves, that chronicled the lot of the tech worker during the dot-com boom.
She is an account manager in the trust estates and appraisals department at Sotheby’s in New York.
His comments followed recent orders by China that it must approve Tibet’s spiritual leaders.
There is no statistical category to measure mental gaffes, but it is slightly easier to quantify the Rockies’ defensive success.
But because she is his wife and because they are so close, he will have to be careful on how far he will let her go.”
“Rye, whiskey and scotch is always good,” he said.
Several teams will face the same decision that confronted the Padres over the winter.
Then six years later, Ms. Cook, who was looking for a travel partner, invited Mr. Kaliel to join her in Brazil, where she had gone to do research on the health of incarcerated women.
Anything for attention: That is one of Potomac Man’s rare unwavering principles.
We send our condolences to his wife, Fay, and his daughters, Eva and Rosa.
Likewise the Emerson players in the quartet, though the moments of relief are fewer there.
The architect handed back plans for a smaller version and pushed it farther east, which gobbled up space for the outdoor dining terrace that Mr. O’Brien had imagined.
was in talks with Renault and Nissan about a possibly global alliance.
“It starts taking bows in front of people who can see it.” Rauschenberg, on the other hand, recalled her often responding negatively in the studio to changes in his practice, though the next day she’d be the new work’s most fervent supporter.
He will be missed dearly; may his memory be a blessing.
If you want to be here, be prepared to take on the unpaid job of learning it, repeating it, and along with the buildings, preserving it.
If there is no such thing as an original play, as this dramatist has written, then why not steal with impunity?
Studies by different scientists have concluded that the rising water demands in the North China Plain make it unfeasible for farmers to continue planting a winter crop.
NORTH, Christopher M., 21, Pfc., Army; Sarasota, Fla.; First Infantry Division.
Cormac McCarthy has been awarded the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for fiction for his novel “The Road,” the BBC reported.
The company later adapted that technology to create an audio fingerprinting system.
On my visits the choices were a chardonnay, cabernet sauvignon, pinot noir, syrah and an Italian pinot grigio.
The city-slicker Compass is about to go away, and not a moment too soon.
“There doesn’t seem to be any value in that.” Like many parents, Mr. Rodriquez, a computer consultant, and his wife, Sarina, 37, a laboratory manager, are adjusting to a world that increasingly requires them to pay for their children’s computer play.
“I must therefore admit it is possible to raise legitimate questions.” But an opposition politician, Mohammad Barakeh, an Israeli Arab lawmaker from the leftist Hadash Party, accused Mr. Olmert of colluding with the rightist opposition to put up obstacles to a negotiated agreement.
And the Giants did, linking biceps across the goal line as they stopped the Redskins on four consecutive plays inside the Giants’ 2-yard line.
But come to think of it, fewer meetings wouldn’t be a bad idea.
That this cultured Frenchman spoke in heavily accented English and sometimes, searching for the right phrase, invented words (like Bartok’s “giving freedom to these resourcements of energies”) made his comments all the more delightful.
“She can get very irritated.” The dog began to growl.
Von Gröning saw Eddie as a kind of son, though he embezzled part of Eddie’s pay.
The study also found that a commonly used diabetes drug, metformin, could help lower the risk of the disease in pre-diabetics.
As talented as Beckett is, he cannot merely throw fastballs in every precarious situation.
I think it’s actually a very romantic view of New York.
The Padres had cases of Champagne ready to celebrate with at Miller Park, but left it with visiting clubhouse attendants when they flew here Sunday night.
In “Die Hard 2” (1990) the villains took over the air-traffic control system, but the common-sense statement about technology came from McClane’s wife.
“The bottom line is the market has tightened up for good,” said Jan Stuart, an energy economist at UBS.
Prompted by Craig’s treachery and Niko’s flattery, she’s ripe for trouble of her own.
Services at Schwartz Brothers - Jeffer Memorial Chapels 114-03 Queens Blvd, Forest Hills, NY 11375 on June 5 at 11:00AM.
Then he returned to the courthouse, without handcuffs, for a crowded news conference.
Her reading here made all the right moves — a touch of portamento in the lyrical middle movement, a dug-in sound in the assertive outer movements — but never got beyond its formally structured surface.
A FEW years ago, people advertising homes on the Internet were racing to employ the latest gimmicks: 360-degree photographs to show off spacious living rooms, mortgage calculators to pinpoint monthly carrying costs, even videos of agents to talk about a home’s attributes.
vice president for communications, it has long been the mission of the association to get interested drag racers into organized track events.
“The whole idea being promoted was that it would be full of those things, but that may or may not turn out to be true.” Mr. Slocum’s hint at skepticism is being felt by other Mueller residents and members of nearby communities.
It was just such a position that Mr. Weill offered him, with compensation of about $15 million a year as well as use of the corporate jet.
Out of courtesy to the Mets and Jeff Wilpon, the senior executive vice president with whom Glavine has a close relationship, Clifton would most likely give them an opportunity to match or exceed the Braves’ final offer.
“Darryl was always open to the end to meet with Tatum, but he wanted it to be one on one.
The premise behind celebrating the New Year falters as the years go by.
The rape also recalls “Casualties of War,” Mr. De Palma’s grievously misunderstood 1989 film about a similar incident in Vietnam.
There’s a pervasive carping, splenetic tone that pervades these last books, sinking them.
There has been no sure indication that the miners are alive.
No ballet company is more heritage-conscious than the Royal Ballet, and “The Song of the Earth” closed a “heritage” triple bill of ballets by the three choreographers who did most to shape the company’s style: Ninette de Valois (1898-2001), its founder (in 1931) and first director; and Frederick Ashton (1904-88) and Kenneth MacMillan (1929-92), its first two resident choreographers.
Conservative critics among the evangelical clergy have accused her of exploiting the attack for publicity, calling her “loud,” “angry,” “aggressive” and “out of control,” while a group of black and Hispanic churches has demanded Mr. Weeks’s resignation.
The events on Sunday appeared to again place in jeopardy a troubled effort by American officials to unite General Musharraf and Ms. Bhutto in an alliance to combat members of Al Qaeda and the Taliban who operate out of the country’s rugged northwest area adjoining Afghanistan.
When read, the book develops a mouth, an eye and a nasty temper and immediately swallows up almost everyone in the neighborhood.
The Flushing Remonstrance made a rare visit yesterday to the old neighborhood.
“I think I should be discreet.” As Ms. Wurtzel bustled about, preparing for a class, she threw open the back door of her top-floor apartment, allowing the loud strains of Loretta Lynn singing “High on a Mountain Top” to pour out.
Naturally, I was preoccupied with the ways in which the gift might tyrannize me, but for every patient who wonders, “Do I want to accept?” there are many more prospective donors who ask, “Do I want to give?” News that a patient needs a transplant quickly leads to anxious glances among relatives, wondering who the future donor will be.
A veteran city official admitted yesterday in State Supreme Court that he accepted paid trips from contractors doing business with Buffalo.
And in May, the company reported that it earned $13.68 billion last fiscal year — its largest profit ever.
But it is as studies in socioeconomic propaganda that their real interest lies.
The Giants scored three touchdowns on their first four drives, putting an end to their slow-starting ways of recent weeks.
There was also a little space left in July and August on its $1,639 eight-day Canyon Country Adventure, which includes one night's lodging on the rim of the Grand Canyon.
While Mr. Burke readily tells tourgoers that he earns a fee if they buy a property (it’s not unusual for a tour participant to spend $350,000 on a condo), he said “there is no sales pressure.” International Living, an Irish firm that runs seminars that lay out the basics of overseas home-buying and living, spun off a tour company, Pathfinder, to lead tours, for example, in Panama, Costa Rica and Nicaragua ( www.internationalliving.com ; click on Events then Real Estate Tours).
“That neighborhood was all crack heads and rats and blocks of huge projects, but she walked in super-glamorous, totally unfazed, and then was super into the work.” McEwen thinks she’s a natural: “Even though Clarissa is not an artist,” he says, “in sensibility she’s not far away.” Dalrymple explains that she responds not so much to the art as to the person, or intellect, behind it.
A chunky tuna steak I’d seen hefted from a boat two hours earlier was cooked the same way and was as succulent as monkfish.
“We think this type of activity would certainly not contribute to that goal.” She said she did not know of any shopdropping at Target stores.
The waiter, it turned out, hadn’t slept so well.
The normally bustling neighborhood was eerily silent.
Failure to understand the causes undermines taxpayer support for neighborhood public schools at voting time.
She taught pottery at Greenwich House from 1965 to 1971 and at the Potter's Studio from 1969 to 1980.
We definitely root for them.” Still, Shanahan, a 20-year veteran, said he liked the atmosphere in the Rangers’ half of the empire.
Her portrayal of Piaf, plucked from the streets of Paris and molded into a music hall legend, ignites Olivier Dahan’s screen biography “La Vie en Rose,” which opens the Film Society of Lincoln Center ’s annual Rendez-Vous With French Cinema series this evening at Alice Tully Hall.
Back in the day, these were the kind of songs that you’d scoff at in public but crank up and sing along with in the privacy of your Camaro.
Liz Goldwyn chain-link necklace with agate charm pendant, $5,900.
“You don’t want to celebrate too much at a time when you’re negotiating new contracts,” said Gitesh Pandya, publisher of Box Office Guru, a Web site about the movie business.
Donations may be made to: Maine Veterans Home, 290 US Route 1, Scarborough, ME 04074.
He was on probation for running from the police, wanted on assault charges and carrying a 9-millimeter handgun.
“MTV heard about us trying to enter this arena, and they were aggressive about pursuing us,” Mr. Bruckheimer said.
Black said anyone testing over 4 to 1 in the W.W.E.
After completing college in 1947, Krais spent a year in Florida playing tennis exhibitions, often organized by his cousin Jack March, a close friend of Fred Perry's and well known promoter of the sport, and played with such tennis greats as Donald Budge, Bobby Riggs and Alice Marble.
After earning a master’s degree at an elite technical institute in India, Mr. Gupta worked at four software and services companies in India before being recruited to I.B.M.
But if Mr. Grindley and Mr. Mays’s stringently unromantic approach obeys the letter of the text, it does not wholly convey its nuanced spirit.
HOLIDAY IN THE HIMALAYAS FAMILY DAY (Saturday) The Himalayas may not be everyone’s choice for a holiday escape, but visitors can enjoy much of the culture — and none of the cold — in this program at the Rubin Museum of Art.
This time, the Europeans acted earlier, and on a far larger scale, than the Fed or their Asian counterparts.
Experts said that therapeutic courts remain a rarity because many judges consider them an administrative burden, lawyers are often wary of letting their clients admit to an addiction on top of any particular crime, and financing is scarce.
The holiday service change would take effect immediately.
Even the house salad transcended cliché, with a paper-thin slice of soppresatta as crisp as bacon, a dab of creamy Gorgonzola and a tomato confit.
Just 20 minutes after leaving the Anchorage airport, heading south on Seward Highway, we got our first payoff at Turnagain Arm, the dark, tapered fjord that separates the Chugach Range from the mountains and lakes of the Kenai (pronounced KEY-nigh).
Sarah Allison Evans and Eric Scott Thelen were married on Friday at the Lido Beach Resort in Sarasota, Fla.
Undeterred, Pennington threw six times (completing five) on an 11-play drive that produced a 19-yard field goal by Mike Nugent.
Italia Nostra, a conservation group, had challenged the restitution, arguing that the headless statue was part of Italy's cultural heritage, but on Monday an administrative court dismissed the challenge.
Alternatively, route-finders could mark the record of their discoveries directly on the landscape with signs, like Ariadne’s thread in the labyrinth.
Its shares, traded in the United States as an American depository receipt, have doubled in the last year.
Bass Lake Cheese in Somerset, Wis., sells juustoleipa on its Web site; $9.13 at blcheese.com.
In Indonesia, you couldn’t have done much, because the tsunami was triggered by a 9.3 underwater earthquake near Sumatra.
A major federal contractor in Alaska provided workers and paid contractors to do remodeling work on the home of Senator Ted Stevens , a former executive with the company testified.
This indicates different ring systems around different planets evolve in different ways.”
She is showing gay and straight kids, their parents and their school administrations that the true measure of an individual’s worth stems from his actions, not his sexual identity.
(The Old Man).” “In this place called forever,” he wondered, “will there be any songs to sing?”
The Bush administration has called for sanctions on Myanmar, which India has resolutely opposed.
Some critics also suggested that the Bloomberg administration underestimated the importance of forming alliances with powerful members of the Assembly, in this case Mr. Lopez.
Mr. Peterson, who many people said had a tumultuous relationship with Ms. Murray and had not been invited to the gathering, argued with the group, then left, state authorities said.
For them, costs may not be much different from those at doctors’ offices, because the same insurance co-payments apply.
In a game in which the lead changed hands 10 times, Niagara went ahead, 69-68, on Demetrius Williamson’s 3-pointer with 2 minutes 45 seconds to play.
Several styles are honored here.
The agency’s announcement about Prilosec and Nexium was the earliest public warning that it had ever made during a safety review, Dr. Seligman said.
Mr. Leavitt is in charge of the Interagency Working Group on Import Safety, which was established last month by President Bush.
“Tad was angry,” Raban writes.
Caption information is provided below.
Only Shaun, who rarely speaks, has real charisma.
Millions of women have had to struggle with cancer “without what we have, without great health care coverage, without knowing they can get all the medications they need,” he said.
The Devils did not score again.
This 1874 building, which has landmark status, has an unusual cast-iron exterior in the French Second Empire style.
You can see Delhi's more contemporary face by taking a chasmic leap up the city's class hierarchy and hanging out with the moneyed middle class, for whom life has never been so good, at the poolside bar of the Park Hotel , which opened in 1987.
Parmesan gnocchi brought feathery dumplings with an earthy wild mushroom sauce.
Its companion Web sites, OUTzoneTV.com and BrilliantButCancelled.com , were introduced last June and May and make available some of the programming that appeared on the channel, as well as offering original content.
“I had bad dreams about water dripping from the glass cupola above the rotunda, falling 44 feet to the inlaid marble flooring.
As this transition in our mission takes place, our troops will focus on a more limited set of tasks, including counterterrorism operations and training, equipping, and supporting Iraqi forces.
He sliced another tee shot into the right rough on No.
Conditions in Iraq were dire for children even before the war.
I was there guiding things.
“There is plenty of ambition there,” he said, but “it’s the ambition to do great, great work: to push himself, to surprise himself.” During filming that meant “he was always wanting to know: was it real?
Countrywide also dived into interest-only loans, which required that borrowers paid only the interest on the loan and did not require them to pay back the principal until later in the life of the mortgage.
Martínez, who pitched five innings Monday in his first major league appearance in nearly 11 months, said he knew he would be fine when his surgically repaired right shoulder allowed him to lift his arm above his head afterward.
Many in the dance world now assume that the ground zero complex won’t be built, and some have questioned whether the energy and resources could be better spent.
Given the extremely large crowd of hopeless candidates this time around, I think we have every reason to believe that sooner or later somebody will fall off something again.
The possibilities include Boito’s “Mefistofele” because of its association with the house in performances by the bass Samuel Ramey, as well as a lesser-known Wagner opera, “Rienzi.” Both would depend on finding strong enough singers, he said.
Sometimes, all it takes is a periodic rebalancing of your portfolio, back to your desired mix of stocks and fixed-income investments, to smooth out the bumps.
Mrs. Hillman is a proud part of our history and a true legend in nursing.
They have a magical feel about them.
To keep our house he worked at a number of jobs, including laying brick in Manhattan by day and driving a New York City cab at night.
Like many of Moore’s characters, Gary is also a British musician.
He talks about his encounters years ago with the writings of Hegel, Husserl and Merleau-Ponty, philosophers who were “so difficult that I decided the only way to read them was to read them all day.” And he talks most of all about the purpose of art, as a vehicle for attuning or retuning individual patterns of attention and perception.
Granted, I had met her for only five minutes six months ago in Miami, but under the circumstances she felt like an old friend.
This tiny bakery has cases full of preciously wrapped chocolates, sweet berry tarts and everything in between.
Being considerably more fragile, the library has posed a different set of challenges.
CALITRI, Italy THE story of the unmarried American woman and the Italian grandparents she never knew and the home she has made for herself in this small mountain village in Southern Italy began one Thanksgiving holiday when she was traveling alone.
“Hopefully, it will inspire me.” WIE’S STRUGGLES CONTINUE Michelle Wie followed her opening-round 73 with an 80.
The political haggling only frustrated residents, some of whom wished the bitter medicine could have been administered in smaller doses.
The new plan will be presented to the Suffolk Legislature this month.
That has worked to our advantage in terms of attracting new development.” Two recent corporate arrivals are OfficeMax and TransGuard Insurance; both relocated their headquarters to Naperville in the last two years.
Mr. Haddadin had a few disadvantages.
Some on the Street speculate that JPMorgan is pushing to break the deal and Bank of America is more inclined to complete it, even at a loss.
But before leaving for the Billie Jean King National Tennis Center to continue his excellent adventure, Isner made time to thank Magill, after whom the Georgia tennis center is named, for the congratulatory voice-mail message he left after Isner’s first-round victory against No.
Few people had heard of Ms. Facchinetti when she replaced Tom Ford at Gucci, in 2004, and her departure after two lackluster seasons didn’t appear to hurt Gucci’s business.
In July, officials with the Department of Environmental Protection unveiled a separate proposal to ban traps from May through October.
Mr. Yegen’s right: Mr. Ripert won’t be mastering these.
In one half of the bright white space is the master bedroom, which shares a gray linoleum floor with the kitchen and living room and is separated from them by a sliding carpeted wall, for soundproofing.
But the bubbly Kuznetsova won over many hearts here in 2004 and said she looks forward to returning each year.
Curtis Strange and Hubert Green, each winners of 2 majors and 17 tournaments on the PGA Tour, were among six golfers inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame last night.Se Ri Pak of South Korea was inducted based on the L.P.G.A.
Mr. Thomas, a prominent freelance dancer who appeared in Twyla Tharp’s Broadway show “Movin’ Out,” disclosed grand plans to unite top choreographers with great male dancers and combine live shows with television to bring high-quality dance to the masses.
She has loosely stitched the top half of a white canvas with black thread to create a Minimalist-looking composition.
“It worked out O.K.,” Stevens told me, with typical understatement.
In addition, a partial overlap in eye care products between Bausch, based in Rochester, and Advanced Medical, based in Santa Ana, Calif., could raise antitrust questions.
He is sympathetic to the plight of the remaining fighters but said Washington need not feel obligated to bring them to America.
And there is an impasse when nobody visibly moves a muscle for perhaps two minutes.
Major League Baseball, bracing for the results of an internal investigation into steroid use, has continued to employ a drug-testing procedure that may allow players time to mask their use of performance-enhancing drugs.
“When he came out of the corner, I was kind of shocked.
Outstanding issues, he said, include “those relevant to the scope and nature of Iran’s centrifuge enrichment activities, as well as those relevant to alleged studies and other activities that could have military applications.” The result, he added, was that the agency is “unable to provide credible assurance about the absence of undeclared nuclear material and activities.” The United Nations Security Council imposed sanctions on Iran after its refusal to suspend its production of enriched uranium, which can be used in nuclear power plants or to fuel a nuclear weapon.
Among other advantages, this creates an atmosphere of brooding suspense and lets McCabe delve into subjects that in heavier hands might seem garish or puerile: his portraits of a young killer in “The Butcher Boy” and of a transvestite prostitute in “Breakfast on Pluto” both were finalists for the Booker Prize.
He dexterously pulls out the stops for sincerity, contempt and the swelling anger of an attention-starved, tantrum-prone child who never grew up.
Willis considers Bonds an inspiration, a role model and a friend, but he has adopted none of Bonds’s signature personality traits.
New York City, at the suggestion of private consultants, is significantly ramping up its effort to challenge cases in which it pays for private school tuition of children with disabilities whose parents say they are ill-served by the public schools.
Mr. Jaffer argued that Mr. Ramadan did not know of the charities’ connection to terrorism and that their later designation should not be retroactively applied to his contributions.
He takes care of himself, he studies the game.
The Boston Globe labeled the cultural brouhaha “Body Politics.” On “Meet the Press,” Andrea Mitchell of NBC, paraphrasing Freud’s reported comment about the symbolism of a cigar, said, “Sometimes a blouse is just a blouse.” The last time the word got this much publicity was more than a half-century ago, in television’s infancy, when the actress and interviewer Faye Emerson unabashedly — and to many viewers, shockingly — broke the buttoned-up dress code of decorum then prevalent.
SXR's stock rose 6.8 percent to a record.
The lesson here is that such essential jobs cannot be outsourced.
If the strike is a long one — and nothing in the bitter negotiations so far signals otherwise — the dispute may well realign the industry’s relationship with Hollywood’s creative class.
“A first term without one presidential veto even as federal spending increased 33 percent has denied them the platform of ‘fiscal responsibility.’ The Iraq War has destroyed the idea that they are advocates of a sober, limited foreign policy.” And “the opening up of government coffers to industry special interests by granting them obscenely generous special favors has embarrassed those Republicans who believe that the market, not Congress, is the most efficient allocator of resources.” Mr. Bradley ends this perspicacious book by calling for a new kind of politics that would transcend red-state/blue-state partisanship, and that would emphasize consensus over what “purists” on both the left and right put at the top of their agendas.
If you can do that, you just wiped out a whole bunch of problems.
According to one investor, by the end of the week the Global Equity Opportunities fund faced “single digit” drawdowns from redemptions, suggesting that Goldman had, for the moment, dodged a bullet.
Americans deserve full candor and should be wary of any candidate who refuses to disclose such information.
“I dig what the Olympics is,” he said.
“At 21, 22, 23, you make a decision and you think it’s gone and in four or five years, that everybody will forget about it.
The best evidence for a long-term attachment process in mammals comes from studies of voles, a small mouselike rodent.
How do you translate this experience, he asked himself, into a cocktail?
The prototype community is in Minnesota , near the Hazelden clinic.
But that conflict did not fully materialize Monday, in part because only a few Democrats on two House committees seemed inclined to dispute with much vigor the assessments provided by a commander with medals on his chest and four stars on his shoulders.
Ms. Wolfe visits four or five times every year to get instruction from the lamas, take dips in the hot springs, and meditate and chant toward enlightenment.
It did not represent a firm commitment by society to full-scale space exploration.
Perhaps it’s imperfect, but we are grading on a curve these days.
As for the other seven teams, you can throw them in the air and pick them because there’s tremendous parity.” Several other coaches agreed.
Or, more accurately, on the walls.
“IS this really still Los Angeles ?” asked Hélène Rottier, a friend from Tahiti, peering across the Santa Monica Mountains obscured in the Wagnerian carpet of mist rising from the Pacific 2,000 feet below.
• Clemens gets the ball instead of, for argument’s sake, the rookie Phil Hughes because tonight is about holding on to what has been more than what will be.
“Everyone wants to protect the victims of sexual assault, and there’s no question about that,” said Assemblyman Keith L. T. Wright, a Manhattan Democrat.
Puligny-Montrachet Les Combettes from Domaine Leflaive — doesn’t matter the year or price.
And in 2004, subprime loans produced gains of 3.64 percent, versus 0.93 percent for prime loans.
Moscow has discussed providing the junta with a nuclear research reactor, and India — the democracy on which the United States hopes to build a key security and economic relationship for the 21st century — had a senior minister in Myanmar for energy talks, even as the democracy protests were under way.
For now, said Paul Larrabee, a spokesman for Gov.
As New York and Berlin undergo architectural booms, such provocative juxtapositions can shed light on how the arts, immigration and community activism affect urban development.
After the scandal broke in 1998, Mr. Pace and his friends paraded in front of news cameras with T-shirts that read, “Slalom and Gomorrah.” Organizing Committee leaders barred Mr. Pace from meetings, which of course only gave him even more ammunition.
But even one dose has some protective effect, the Lancet study found.
Search: A free archive of book reviews since 1981. www.nytimes.com/book Photo: Deborah Copaken Kogan
He hit two doubles, a grand slam and a three-run homer, and accounted for a club-record 10 runs batted in in an 18-9 victory.
Graduated Harvard, summa cum laude 1944.
For example, Boyd Tinsley, the violinist and backup singer for the Dave Matthews Band, gave $50,000, as did the Service Employees International Union, whose organizing efforts Mr. Edwards has supported.
Gave us a marvelous reception.” The second world tour is due to hit London in November.
Thus it’s attracting more than its share of retirees and second-home buyers, particularly from the Northeast, Florida’s traditional core market.
In the 1,600-acre gated Wild Dunes section of Isle of Palms, the pace is languid, though the community has some 2,500 homes.
We figured we’d be lucky to get the radar system.
The Lithuanian soprano Violeta Urmana was an affecting Maddalena de Coigny, the countess’s daughter, who falls for Chénier, which rattles the poet’s political convictions.
Forget porterhouses, creamed spinach and hash browns: This is a Japanese steakhouse of the genre made popular by Benihana decades ago.
NOW that spas are requisite amenities at resorts and hotels, the next generation of the spa is moving directly into the guest room.
Only three desserts were offered, but all won praise.
Studies indicate that antiretroviral drug combinations, used correctly, work about as well in Africa as anywhere else and are just as likely to induce a permanent remission.
Rachel Isadora brings old folklore to life with a different approach.
Civil servants were on strike, seeking to force the government, which according to World Bank estimates will collect $1.2 billion in oil money this year, to increase their meager salaries.
JoAnn M. Smith, president and chief executive of Family Planning Advocates of New York State, attributed the decline in abortion in New York chiefly to the state’s having long been a leader in providing and expanding contraceptive services and supplies through Medicaid.
It wasn't until my last minute aboard the easyCruiseOne that I got an answer.
“I am real excited about Rudy Giuliani,” said Mr. Watson, even though the former New York mayor has a more liberal record on abortion rights, gun control and gay rights than Mr. McCain.
The funeral and internment will be private.
It has size, a strong running game and played with added intensity Saturday after blowing a 24-7 lead to Wake Forest a week earlier.
Mr. Rangel argued, against the opposition of many Democrats, that well-devised trade deals can benefit American workers and the economy.
I wonder if he will pass out.
Citigroup , the financial giant that first proposed the initiative, is devising a separate rescue plan, according to people briefed on the situation.
Concurring in the decision announced yesterday, Commissioner Thomas P. Grant wrote, referring to Dr. Friedgood: “During your interview, you repeatedly cited your status as a senior citizen.
“The Invisible Wall,” Mr. Bernstein’s heart-wrenching memoir, describes two cultures cohabiting uneasily, prey to misunderstandings that distort lives on both sides.
1 Greek Villages in Flames Greece declared a state of emergency as wildfires that have killed 46 people burned out of control, leaving some villages trapped inside walls of flames.
Some of those industries are abandoning years of efforts to block such measures, often in alliance with the Bush administration, which pledged to ease what it views as costly, unnecessary rules.
In 1996, he received the Entrepreneur of the Year Award from the accounting and consulting firm Ernst & Young.
Mr. McHenry and Mr. Monder were both conscientious stewards of this privilege, tempering extreme proficiency with selfless humility.
For this Lincoln Center Out of Doors program, called “Absolute Arabian Nights,” it was basically a jazz octet — woodwinds, brass, keyboards, bass and drums — fleshed out with half a dozen guest performers from the worlds of jazz and Arabic music.
Democrats say that the House speaker, Representative Nancy Pelosi, has warned the administration not to invoke the specter of Mr. Chávez but to focus on curbing the labor abuses under Mr. Uribe.
Nowadays Huckabee has more policy positions, but his campaign is really all about his Christian character.
There, standing in the doorway, was Professor McPherson.
“We’re trading against machines” all over the world, said Jeffrey Levant, 53, who has been at the exchange for 29 years, and recently left the Nasdaq pit to learn electronic trading.
But Mr. Greenspan, now 81, is in a different class, by dint of his fame, his economic authority and his service across party lines.
James Robinson’s production nudges the action to the start of World War I and tones down the excess that encrusts the city’s other best-known production, the Franco Zeffirelli one at the Met (which doesn’t arrive this season until March).
But he is giving up his London position at the end of this season, mainly, he said, because of extensive touring demands.
Beloved mother of Richard and Stephanie (Driver), mother-in-law of Carol and Ian, grandmother of Charlie, Sam, and Ted, sister of Mel.
And perhaps fares would not have to be raised so soon or so much.
We can only hope he is right.
“We need to emulate that success.” Mr. Yamamoto visited New York, Washington and London in January, when he was still the minister.
Joe Sapia, a historian and nature lover in Helmetta, lobbied against the beaver trapping.
While its rival, Crest, has worked hard to win product placements on television shows and endorsements from celebrities, Listerine’s marketing team prefers to get the brand into the hands of potential consumers so they can try it.
Brewer’s final score of 280 was four strokes better than Bert Yancey’s and five better than Arnold Palmer’s.
Bill believed that ''the best of times is now'' and daily lived that motto.
Many M.B.A.’s were former bankers who had taken jobs at private equity firms and hoped to return to the equity shops afterward.
Her father retired as a managing director for Credit Suisse First Boston in Manhattan, and is a founding partner of MidMark Capital, an investment firm in Morristown, N.J.
But for many business travelers, racing through the countryside is not always the point.
In 2005, the median price climbed an additional 45 percent, to more than $278,000.
“New York City is for the public,” Ms. Maslowski said.
His death, at the Fall River Hospital, was confirmed by McColley’s Chapel of the Hills in Hot Springs.
Bridges are a favorite subject, although she is not pleased with the new pedestrian bridge in Scarsdale, which, she said, “ruins the view of the waterfall, with its thick logs.” In general, though, Ms. Demsky is emphasizing the positive — taking her cues, perhaps, from her experience as a clinical field supervisor for art education at Manhattanville College in Purchase and her 21 years of teaching art education at White Plains High School.
One thing not in dispute is the sheer volume of the material.
As a sculptor, Mr. Wolkers created Amsterdam’s Auschwitz Monument, a bed of shattered mirrors covered with glass in an park.
“We’ve been ramping up with more applications and more software.” TNT has the same rights as ESPN.
With Independence Day just passed, a good nationalist shouldn’t be afraid to answer those questions.
compensation.” But Mr. Plohoros said the change by Bristol-Myers Squibb did not involve a bylaw change as initially requested by Professor Bebchuk, merely a change in guidelines.
Thus the geysers of blood at the end of Sam Peckinpah ’s “Wild Bunch” two years later could be savored for the director’s visual and formal audacity.
“The feeling of discontent and dissatisfaction is evoking populism, and populism is evoking the appearance of extremism in Hungary,” he said.
Even its flagship Global Alpha fund is down significantly.
“Cash,” for all its flash, leaves you hungry.
The store, Home Fair Camera in Larchmont, N.Y., charged $24.99 for each two-hour tape and had them ready in DVD cases after a few days.
OKAJIMA PUT ON THE SHELF The Red Sox said reliever Hideki Okajima would not pitch for several days because of a tired arm.
1 seed was me, then suddenly the housing disappeared.” The great coach John Wilkerson, who taught Garrison, says black players (in the authors’ words) “have not won more major championships because too many of them believe deep down that they don’t belong in the sport.” Apparently, the feeling that’s held Blake back has held back many.
“These guys are malicious and evil towards us,” he said.
But in a round of budget cuts in 2004, the authority removed most of them, over strong protest by many neighborhood residents.
Weddings, has also arranged for couples to declare their vows on the Brooklyn Bridge and other uniquely New York sites.
Mr. Tickner had his best year ever in 2006, but said: “We don’t get the great big ups and the great big downs as in other places.
(Scott) 'MICHAEL CLAYTON' (R, 1:59) A slow-to-boil requiem for American decency from the writer and director Tony Gilroy in which George Clooney, the ultimate in luxury brands and playboy of the Western world, raises the sword in the name of truth and justice and good.
For a time, Ms. Allen attended the University of Grenoble in France, but returned to London in 1960.
And the worse news is that the gadgets of Christmas future will be even harder to command, because we and our machines are about to go through a rocky transition as the machines get smarter and take over more tasks.
“And I don’t mind taking hits on my record, on issues.
State prison officials with the Alabama Department of Corrections have said the autopsy clears any lingering questions over whether Mr. Barksdale suffered a beating that might have led to his death.
Mexie and Bridie with their “tiny tea-party” appear to be sitting in the sky (“It’s out within the weather, / Beneath the clouds and sun”), while “John, who is poor,” is alone, his face peeking out from a window (“Whose Mama must hurry to toil all day.
Enjoy the fragile beauty.” “Here we are,” Mr. Larson said.
Mr. Rock does not believe all that success comes with him when he takes the stage.
The children replaced the gays — the men have left for Chelsea, the women for Park Slope.
“On the Edge,” by Richard Hammond.
The showcase at Performance Space 122 on Wednesday featured nine choreographers contributing works no longer than seven minutes; the unofficial mission — to provide an easy, humorous entry into the world of downtown dance — was persistent throughout the evening’s compilation of underdeveloped or unchallenging dances.
Although a test of the system’s 155 sirens was successful that week, a review by the Federal Emergency Management Agency to assure that they are loud enough will take at least another 45 days.
Google is expected to unveil today software that, like Microsoft’s PowerPoint, can create slide presentations and will be added to the company’s growing package of Web-based applications aimed at businesses.
But during a news conference in Los Angeles, Mr. Giuliani said he thought the campaign had done well this quarter, saying he should be in league with Mr. Romney when the campaigns publicly release how much they have raised in the period ending Sept. 30.
Information call, Bernheim - Apter - Kreitzma Suburban Funeral Chapel, Livingston, NJ, 800-938-6372.
Last season he had five, three on punts and two on kickoffs — not counting one to start the Super Bowl.
Having more color in the collection would have helped, but the problem ran deeper than a jolt of pink.
Concerts at Bethel Woods are by no means the Woodstock festival reborn, but a stop on the orderly suburban-shed circuit: the kind of place with no water fountains and long lines for $3 bottled water.
The United States allows maximum sulfur concentrations of just 15 parts per million for most diesel fuels, while China allows up to 2,000 parts per million.
Bonds is 1 for 15 against the Dodgers’ Joe Beimel, 0 for 11 against the Dodgers’ Derek Lowe and 0 for 9 against the Cardinals’ Cris Carpenter.
The bride, 40, and bridegroom, 38, both work in Arlington, Va., for the Web site of The Washington Post.
The curve, about five miles west of the city, is a popular place to watch freight trains — a coal train headed east, or a line of piggy-back trailers headed west, or, if you’re lucky, one of each at the same time, passing each other in a swirl of clickity-clack noises and diesel fumes.
We’re talking about a child.
“If he’s saying he didn’t know about the Reynolds money, he’s been less than truthful.” In recent years, Mr. Huckabee has lost 110 pounds and become an advocate for healthy living.
Now advances in eye tracking are starting to solve these problems, according to scientists in an array of specialties.
Jim Conway was an active athlete and sports fan.
Sprague Hall, Yale University, 470 College Street.
Most important, both men aspire (not always successfully) to avoid the hyper-partisanship of the Clinton-Bush era.
I felt that a normal girl like my fiancée would have other chances.
At a private luncheon for Senate spouses last week, Mr. Craig’s wife, Suzanne, told friends he was hoping to finish out his term, one senior lawmaker said.
But he is also a retiring man, not prone to ruthless acts, with a natural hesitancy about taking risks, both professional and personal.
“They did so by knowingly recruiting unqualified home health aides in order to enlarge their work force and increase their fraudulent billings.” An official with the attorney general’s office said the two men’s business had focused in part on the large demand for Russian-speaking aides in Brooklyn.
Last year, Valley Grove led the county’s beach closing list by a landslide: 40 days.
Around the perimeter, sentinels with automatic rifles stood guard every 10 yards.
He is also a clinical associate professor at New York University School of Medicine and author of the book “Drugs and the Athlete.” WADA has added a second test to “be combined with the current test to further enhance the detection window for H.G.H.
Of the major online travel agencies, Expedia has been the most successful in building its foreign operation from the ground up, introducing 13 Expedia-branded Web sites in Europe.
Police regulations prohibit the use of confidential informants unless they are registered.
Beacon seemed made to order for Mr. Baysa and Ms. Dewing, who several months ago paid $245,000 for a 1920s three-bedroom Arts and Crafts-style bungalow with a fenced-in backyard ideal for their son, Ikaika Baysa, who is 17 months old.
But, as in Joseph Heller’s novel about a different war, there was a catch.
“But how can you make a joke out of that?” Mr. Klemm thought.
Why would someone design such a brutal killing?” Rizwan Khan said.
(PHOTOGRAPHS BY TODD BISSONETTE FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
Many political strategists are watching for next year’s crucial battle for the seat of Senator John Warner, a Republican, who is retiring.
opposite: Roberto Cavalli silk blouse, $3,010, and silk-and-linen skirt, $6,830.
It is with great sadness that the School of Visual Arts announces the death of artist, distinguished faculty member and dear friend Burt Hasen.
To the Editor: I just read ''Hotel Trends: The Latest Amenity: A Hypoallergenic Room'' (Practical Traveler, March 25) by Michelle Higgins.
Ms. Bhutto has been living in London and Dubai since her second government was dismissed in 1996 and corruption charges were brought against her.
Tom Medlin, a Wachovia vice president, said that the bank started offering the ClosingStream service last fall, and now 25 to 30 percent of its refinance and home-equity customers choose that option.
That takes up one of the set’s three discs, on a DVD titled “Eyenoises ...
But it’s precisely that looseness, that willingness to depart from the narrative straight and narrow, that makes the film feel closer to a new chapter than a retread.
Ricky Davis and Udonis Haslem each scored 17 for Miami, which played without center Shaquille O’Neal and point guard Jason Williams.
Kirk Henning is a rumpled jazz baby with not much time for his eager girlfriend, danced by Sarah Jane Taylor.
Still, Mr. Shrier added, “I never imagined they would go on a date that week.” Mr. Braude came in from his family’s home in Providence, R.I., and met Ms. Pelman for lunch in New York.
Wife of the late Walter H. Jacobs.
The station remained off the air tonight.
As part of the settlement, Countrywide refunded the excess finance charges.
It will also examine whether the use of force “was consistent with the operations order and the rules of engagement in effect at the time, and the law of armed conflict and reflected sound military judgment,” Colonel Jack said, reading from court papers released to him and other lawyers late Friday.
In addition, widely publicized charges in the 1970s that money had been wasted on recipients whose conditions improved led to tighter scrutiny.
There were no deaths from the treatment itself among women getting only paclitaxel.
And Reed Diamond is his brother, who once coveted his sibling’s wife.
At a time when amateur astronomy is becoming increasingly popular — thanks in part to the availability of high-tech equipment like digital cameras that filter out light pollution — Dr. Motta and his wife, Joyce, are among a growing number of Americans incorporating observatories into new or existing homes.
Drawing (Drawing by Nola Lopez)
“They do lose sometimes,” Professor Chesney said.
Theirs is an act of ignorance and bias.
Riverside, Conn., Aug. 20, 2007  To the Editor: Be careful not to drive diabetics and potential diabetics into the waiting arms of the purveyors of pharmaceuticals, lest patients line up to buy statin drugs to replace the lifestyle measures, like choosing the right foods, that could prevent this disease.
Prosecutors say that Presidio Advisory Services earned fees of $134 million selling shelters known as Blips in 1999 and 2000.
“He thought I was a little fancy.” But after a week that included strolls by an alligator pond, her love of the country became clear to him.
It does lend itself to a short nap, that’s for sure, especially in the stroller range.” Politeness prevented this reporter from waking anyone to ask what made the spot relaxing, and several people who appeared to have only recently awakened were not in the mood to be interviewed.
“I looked at this one and thought, What in the world is happening with sports in this country to make young people do some of the things they do?” said Ken Buck, the district attorney of Weld County, Colo., and an all-Ivy League punter at Princeton, class of 1981.
Lasdon Park, on Route 35 in Somers, N.Y., is open 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. daily year-round (914-864-7260; www.westchestergov.com/parks ).
A spring debut is planned for the site, called T-Works.
“As young as we are, with no seniors, three juniors, five sophomores and seven freshmen, that can be a problem.
Ominous music and dubbed-in splashing sounds don’t exactly conceal the profound silence of a film shot almost exclusively underwater.
The bride graduated from Brown.
Was that Open match against Sampras the best of his career?
After 23 ... h6, Domínguez should have played 24 Nf3 because 24 Qd6 lost a pawn.
Linda Foglia, a spokeswoman for the Department of Correctional Services, told The Press-Republican of Plattsburgh that the department would suspend Mr. Boyle.
He will take turns spelling Guerrero in right field and Garret Anderson in left and being the designated hitter, which means he will be the D.H. most of the time.
It is all too commonplace and, what’s more, often not particularly worth reading about.
budget, said there might be undisclosed loopholes that make the new rules toothless.
In the real world, like the New York suburbs, the irreconcilable clash of housing demand and Nimbyism leads to a painful standoff, and to people ricocheting off to points north, south and west of here.
In this world, the real stars are less pretty young thing and more yummy mummy.
At Dartmouth Mr. Wallace was a member of Psi Upsilon fraternity and writer for The Dartmouth Review newspaper.
A line Miss Kerr delivered in the 1956 movie “Tea and Sympathy” exemplified her seemingly new knowingness.
It’s just not my cup of tea.” Boo is different.
If you’re going to steal something, you know, you go to the bank.” People might not have been looking at the time, when his art was not highly sought.
There were two types of black beans: the usual vegetarian type and a flavor-packed version laced with bits of pork.
If there is a forgotten early M car, it would have to be the M6 of 1987-88.
Robinson, a cornerback, was the last of 255 players selected in April.
Until then, Colonel Keck said, information about potential security or terror threats would be sent to the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
After the news conference, some L.S.U.
Regan McCarthy New York, Dec. 16, 2007  To the Editor: Adam Freedman correctly notes that the commas in the Second Amendment are of no interpretive significance, and that there is a logical relation between the amendment’s prefatory phrase and its operative clause.
Her parents are psychotherapists there.
“He demurred, backing away from the big palomino,” Mr. Fox wrote in “Revolution of Hope,” which is due out by Viking on Oct. 4.
“This road trip I really thought was going to define our team,” Hawaii Coach June Jones said.
“It needs to be addressed.” In the college football rule book, helmet-to-helmet hits have been a point of emphasis for the last few years.
The new residences are equipped with closed-circuit television monitors connected to the entry door and buzz-in service for guests.
Right now I can’t.” At the time, Marbury’s sentiments sounded overly conservative.
Language is a particular concern for Mr. Glaudini, whose characters speak many different flavors of English.
Instead of A-list entertainers, the Romney campaign is hiring local bands.
Hours: Wednesdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.; Sundays, noon to 4 p.m. Anthony Giordano Gallery, Dowling College, Idle Hour Boulevard.
His principal started it all by asking him to add 47 minutes a week of art instruction to the curriculum.
After 18 ... Ng4, Domínguez’s best response was 19 h3, when Black has nothing better than 19 ... N4e5 20 Qd2 Nc4 21 Qe2 b5 22 Nc7, and White is better.
East, injury-ravaged Philadelphia suddenly set up a tight race by finishing a four-game sweep of the first-place Mets on Thursday.
It’s a struggle to discern what remains just out of our grasp — another metaphor of sorts, you might say, for the religious endeavor, to which a person can choose to surrender in the name of faith.
data by consumer groups indicated that less news is broadcast in cities where companies have been granted waivers to the rules to allow them to own both newspapers and broadcasters.
“What’s the whole point of the crime victims board?” said Rhoda Beckman, a friend of Ms. Barron’s since childhood in Brooklyn.
“It has been expected that the girl would be pardoned in the end — in similar cases, very public cases like this, it has been the same,” he said.
A few nights later, Mr. Miranda walked into the bar with a group of friends, including, as he put it, “one obnoxious jerk who was following Alisha around all night, harassing her.” Mr. Miranda was fearful that word would get back to her grandmother, and then his.
Markets slumped for most of the day yesterday as technology stocks succumbed to the turmoil they had largely resisted in recent weeks.
But as the six dancers sweep through a series of pas de deux and ensembles, to piano music by Brahms, Mr. Feld reveals quirky shifts in rhythm and timing, strange upside-down lifts and a whimsical sweetness of characterization that indicate why the ballet confirmed his budding reputation when it was created.
“This was developed by banks and by investors,” said one senior administration official, who spoke on condition that he not be identified.
To put the matter plainly, this puts American lives at risk.
“There is still a lot of history that is here.” In her book, Ms. Brosky steers away from blood and gore but includes, for instance, creepy tales from the “Amityville Horror” house.
There you stand, sipping white wine, as Solomon and a famous author or politician or media personality trade zippy repartee.
Friday at 8 p.m. $21 to $79.
His viability in that role is now in doubt with his acknowledgment that his number was already in the phone records of Pamela Martin & Associates before he ran for the Senate in 2004.
Several candidates are betting the future of their candidacies on a strong finish in Iowa, particularly on the Democratic side.
Today, we have Naomi Klein’s “No Logo” and Adbusters magazine, but these seem like specially advanced therapies.
“I was shocked.” Mr. Kramer said he had taken her skiing to prove himself to her.
They said they didn’t watch television.
It is classified as a Kei car, which means it is limited in length, width, engine size and horsepower.
At the same time, Mr. Ballmer said he was optimistic about the role that the new Windows software would play in the company’s profit growth, in the long run.
For some reason, Ms. Knapp’s credit card was declined.
“Keeping it narrowly defined as a Procter thing would not let it acknowledge its potential,” said Jim Stengel, the global marketing officer of Procter & Gamble.
Securing financing for “Squid” took nearly five years.
It’s not a broth with a lot of bombast — just a restrained meatiness from pork, an ocean-bottom accent from seaweed, a mouthwatering underpinning of umami from dried scallop oil and a resounding, sometimes overwhelming, hit of salt.
“We’ve gotten over it,” he said.
What is it like to be an individual component of these digital, collective minds?
He was that, but this victory became possible because of the 37-year-old Kolzig.
She would walk to the park and entertain grandchildren visiting her on the upper east side.
Mr. Reid then unexpectedly announced he was ending consideration of the annual Pentagon policy measure.
He has since died but I wonder how he would have felt about this latest honor by an institution that claims to value character when it considers candidates.
This 26-year-old Venezuelan, who will become the music director of the Los Angeles Philharmonic in 2009, is the most talked about conductor in classical music right now.
The show, directed by Trevor Nunn , below right, is to open at the New London Theater on April 5.
Grandfather to Daniel and Rebecca Kaplan.
Jimmy Rollins was walked intentionally.
Luella Cuming advised readers to fill their homes with exotic conversation pieces, mentioning a newspaper reporter friend who “has a pet duck who often sports fascinating jackets and hats and struts around his master’s domain chattering madly.” Granted, it takes serious effort to wrestle a duck into a tiny jacket, but at least this formula for cultivating mystique seems achievable.
This time, Edwards is not as exciting a campaigner.
But Riggleman, who is now the field coordinator for player development for the Cardinals, is the only manager willing to admit that he might have had something do with Wood’s injuries.
Although scientists have long had an inclination to shrug aside such questions concerning the source of the laws of physics, the mood has now shifted considerably.
It is now the largest operator in the cities it serves, sending about 35,000 revelers a year to Prague, Bratislava, Budapest, Tallinn and Warsaw.
The Wolverines (7-2, 5-0 Big Ten), who played without running back Mike Hart and quarterback Chad Henne, have won seven in a row since being stunned by Appalachian State of the championship subdivision and routed by Oregon in the first two games.
Westfield, which is one of the world’s largest mall operators, with 119 shopping centers in four countries, was Mr. Silverstein’s partner in July 2001, when they leased the trade center from the Port Authority.
Buying stakes in overseas oil properties is proving much cheaper for India than purchasing crude on the open market.
There are other reasons to keep a factory head unit.
The fourth and last part of this novel is titled “The Round Trip,” which about sums up the course of this heroine — in contrast to the hero’s usually linear trajectory — delivering Beatrice back to the father she has tried to escape, and back to their lifelong preoccupation with ancient myths.
Brian Schweitzer of Montana, a Democrat who has publicly sparred with Plum Creek about its land sales.
The products that were being sold, an alphabet soup that included, C.D.O., SIV, M.B.S.
Like the Wii, the DS was considered an unlikely candidate for success when it first arrived on store shelves.
Sally Mann is perhaps the best-known contemporary photographer of children, specifically her own.
When Chuck comes back into Ned’s life and, thanks to him, back to life, Ned faces a deadly conundrum: Chuck is his one true love, and he can never even kiss her.
It doesn’t help that Mr. Lamos has placed the burden of this monster role on the slender shoulders of the winsome Brienin Bryant.
“He only knew Steve as a singer, but he really impressed him as an actor.
Mr. Marks, too, characterizes Countrywide as the lender most unwilling to help borrowers.
“The horror aspects were merely ingredients.” Movie terror has always been a kind of alchemy of ingredients, at least when the sought-after effect is having an audience peel the cushions off the armrests.
“The children and mothers who die are in huts beyond the end of pathways with no direct access to political or media leaders,” Mr. MacCormack said.
Research firms found that some toys recalled this summer have appeared this fall on auction Web sites like eBay and other sites that sell products in bulk to businesses, including Made-in-China.com .
I told her about the poor Siberians in the 18th century who could not afford shrooms and would loiter outside houses where mushrooms were being ingested.
Each has a map of Iraq and blocks of text describing exactly how the invasion and conquest would proceed.
“There was such a pecking order.
And you’ve got to give credit where credit is due.” Johnson was subdued in victory lane, and refused to claim the title.
There are tennis courts, pools and a private beach club.
True, the strippers who initiate Gypsy into their art are the usual set of endearing cartoons (with Marilyn Caskey’s nearly comatose Electra the most endearing of all).
“Don’t worry, I won’t tell Paul,” he whispered one day.
Some veteran bidders say properties at auction can go for more than a real estate agent had listed them for a couple of days earlier.
“You’ve got a certain cavalierness about market-driven economic signals from the new academic-driven Fed,” said Robert Barbera, the chief economist of ITG, an advisory firm.
Marquis Theater, 1535 Broadway, at 45th Street, (212) 307-4100.
This year, he is on the soccer team at the Hopkins School in New Haven, which does not have a synthetic turf field, and his mother refuses to let him play at any school that does have one.
He then appointed a new court of 11 judges.
Cincinnati’s Stan Belinda had shared the record with Vosberg, going three innings Sept. 4, 1999, as the Reds beat the Philadelphia Phillies, 22-3.
It could, however, come at a steep price.
That this could be a liability as well as an asset became clear in the Rossini: after opening with the verve and limpid joy that the Orchestra of St. Luke’s often brings to its playing, the piece was slowed down by its details until it became slightly unctuous, as if hair oil had gotten into the works.
One therapist told me he cured a man’s insomnia by suggesting he stop eating spicy Indian curry late at night.
Composers with a muse, however, can tailor their music to a particular singer.
While the team’s hubris was a major culprit in the September free fall, a lack thereof means the new ballpark, Citi Field is going to be too small, cutting thousands of Mets fans out of the action.
Michel Gondry’s exhibit on his new film, “Be Kind Rewind,” opens at Deitch Projects in New York.
Ethnic Albanians make up over 90 percent of the population of Kosovo, yet Serbia, which has sovereignty over Kosovo, though only in name, says it is ready to give the region substantial autonomy, but not full independence.
He retired from McCann-Erickson Worldwide, the advertising firm, where he was president and regional director of McCann-Erickson Europe, Middle East and Africa.
Figleaves, the popular lingerie Web site, sells waist-cinchers and embroidered bras from makers like Wacoal, Elle Macpherson Intimates, Calvin Klein and Le Mystère.
The general said that he was not happy with the deal, but that Pakistan needed the soldiers back.
In a wild season of unprecedented upsets in which the No.
Prior, the son of the late Eugene and Elizabeth Prior and brother of the late Thomas ''Happy'' Prior, was born in the Bronx in 1924 and attended Fordham Prep and Fordham University.
Earlier this week it found one: the New Shanghai Circus, already performing in Branson, Mo., and at Dollywood in Pigeon Forge, Tenn.
The community is still stewing about an article published in The New York Times last year that revealed the astronomical cost of real estate in the enclave — one house sold in 2003 for $11 million, which may have made it the most expensive house in Brooklyn.
Photo (Photograph by Tony Cenicola/The New York Times)
Patrons at Tavern 42 Degrees South , arguably the city's hippest bar, nod to lounge music as they recline on 1970s-style blue-vinyl couches.
The lessons are devised to match the standards in many states, and the company is working on a math curriculum.
In the past, though, Govan had then persuaded Riggio to pay for the grant out of his own pocket, thus reimbursing Dia.
It sought cash compensation and an order blocking Google from using the technology.
San Francisco's de Young museum ( www.deyoungmuseum.org ) is preparing a retrospective on the 30-year career of Hiroshi Sugimoto, known for his hauntingly beautiful large-format landscapes (July 7 to Sept. 23).
The phrase bom chika wah wah, used throughout Axe’s advertising, refers to the sound of the standard guitar licks in 1970s sex exploitation movies.
The subsequent double and redouble came almost through momentum.
The local Barada lager (100 lira) is a crisp Syrian answer to Rolling Rock.
This looked incredibly cool, and borrowed visually from video games and from the YouTube microgenre of shopping-cart crashes.
“It wasn’t like he ever meant to be a hermit.
Comcast is second with 12.1 million, while AOL has 12 million subscribers.
But Ms. Meyer, the bank teller, decided to have saline implants after hearing about silicone’s risks and expenses.
Sotheby's and Christie's both have mystical gray-and-black paintings by Mark Rothko, executed the same year and painted on the same size (60 by 68 inches) canvas.
Boras didn’t return a telephone call seeking to learn how he explains Buffett’s involvement.
In the most recent quarter, which ended in June, E*Trade held $47 billion in mortgage securities, home equity loans and loans receivable, or three-quarters of its total assets.
According to her campaign website, this proposal would ''make it easier for students to repay loans and give them a basic set of enforceable rights.
Mr. Saarinen and his seven dancers disappeared into this language, leaving the audience to squint through Mikki Kunttu’s thick, murky lighting design.
If this is done, the change will represent a decrease in service and diminish the ''white glove cachet'' that this co-op has come to expect.
For handling one or two business lines, the equipment is usually provided free with a one-year contract.
12 Oregon past visiting Pepperdine.
At a time when books appear to be waging a Sisyphean battle against the forces of MySpace , YouTube and “American Idol,” the notion that someone could move so quickly from literary indifference to devouring passion seems, sadly, far-fetched.
Then there is the psychological element of owning a storied property.
The group, which will assemble on Saturday in Paris, has threatened to toughen United Nations sanctions against the Iranian government over the nuclear issue.
E-mail correspondents have engaged in a lively debate about the metaphysical significance of the cheese’s mold patterns.
(Americans should not be pleased to learn how their government has contributed here to an atmosphere of violence and repression, either through neglect or through the United States Marines.)
In December 2005, a Columbia professor, Henry Smith, had the graduate students in his seminar create a Japanese bibliography project, posted on Wikipedia, to describe and analyze resources like libraries, reference books and newspapers.
Even those who work in the shrine every day occasionally stop as they walk through the courtyards, struck by the way the light falls on a mosaic or a doorway.
I looked at previous translations: one has “scallops” and thinks the soup is a “pie crust”; another has “cockscombs” in a “pasty”; in a third the “cockscombs” are in a “soup”; the fourth agrees about the soup but puts “croutons” in it.
Our family has suffered a loss that will never be replaced.
Agency economists estimate that the rule will cost the industry $29 million, much of it for floats for helicopters flying along rugged shorelines, and that it could prevent 17 fatalities and 8 serious injuries over the next decade.
He hired the Glover Park Group, a consulting firm with deep ties to the Clinton administration, to run a grass-roots ground war.
DESPITE its spectacular setting high above the St. Lawrence River, Le Massif is a remote ski destination that has attracted little attention outside Quebec since it opened 25 years ago.
My efforts to retrieve the candle from the C.I.A., however, have been unavailing.)
“Cryptograms” is the second full-length Deerhunter album, and it demonstrates that a once-jagged band has fallen hard for haziness.
Hip is, by definition, an oppositional stance that the embrace of the establishment can only compromise.
But this has been a double-wide recovery, almost everything in trailers or modular buildings, lending a feel of impermanence and uncertainty.
It also attracted a loyal group of Hollywood actors, including Audrey Hepburn, Cary Grant and Ms. Taylor.
“Any private conversations that we’ve had will remain private,” he said sternly.
When Harris planted, his left knee gave out.
Access to the bikes is available all of the time; it's liberating, as in “liberté,” so the “Vélib” was born.
But the fact that America's highest court harbors a justice as full of unreconstructed racial bitterness as Clarence Thomas will prove more eye-opening still.
THE CROWD Casual; Afghan families are often in attendance.
Fiesco, Boccanegra and Amelia have wonderful extended arias, but this is not an opera of hit tunes.
Both vehicles eventually turned right onto northbound First Avenue.
“We have done our best to negotiate a peaceful transition to democracy,” Ms. Bhutto told reporters.
Included for the first time are the After Hours Project in Brooklyn, which runs a needle exchange program to help reduce the spread of H.I.V.
But I made an agreement and shook hands that no matter what we found, we would try and remediate that factory.
As the news rippled across a cluster of districts surrounding Emerson, schools in at least nine other districts also chose to close Thursday as a precaution, while others in the county remained open with tightened security.
The decision to use black and white was smart because, as with “Schindler’s List,” too much red might well have sent audiences fleeing from theaters.
The most notable of these was in policing, where William Bratton, Giuliani’s first police chief, introduced the “Compstat” program, under which the city was divided by police precinct and detailed reports were compiled outlining the incidence of crime in each of those precincts.
To test the barman's skills, ask for a leitinho (lay-CHEEN-yo), all head and no beer.
They seem so cavalier with it, so spendthrift.
The union, Local 1, has turned down the mayor’s offers of assistance.
“The implications for the population are quite positive in terms of their health and their well-being,” said Edward J. Sondik, director of the National Center for Health Statistics.
To solve the problem, several firms are pushing a standard called OpenID, which would let users sign on and easily transfer profile information among social sites.
TRUST the myriad flavors and colors of Indian cuisine to bring a taste of warm, bright summer to these gray winter days.
She added: “Alvin used to love all this.
Still, once upon a time, even to talk about that distant catastrophe was to assume that it would somehow be a human event.
The carousel industry faltered after World War I, and horses were later cast in fiberglass.
The project is being marketed by Prudential Douglas Elliman, but with the sponsors in disarray, there have been no reports of contracts signed at Manhattan House.
Additionally, the city is spending $17 million for a larger project on streetscape improvements in the areas of Broad and Market Streets.
But as the Morgan strengthens its 20th-century holdings, he added, photographs that relate to the collection make sense.
Abundant private equity is bankrolling new players in the highbrow movie business, while the seductive charms of the film world have lured businessmen who struck it rich in other businesses (like Sidney Kimmel of Sidney Kimmel Entertainment, and Mark Cuban and Todd Wagner of Magnolia Pictures and assorted other moviemaking entities).
The museum will present 150 objects at a time, with the rest on view behind glass walls in a basement storage area.
Perhaps this was inevitable, and a small price to pay for the pomp and publicity.
Through Nov. 25, ''The Jewish Daily Forward: Embracing an Immigrant Community,'' an exhibition of photographs and artifacts.
Guggenheim Museum, 1071 Fifth Avenue (89th Street), (212) 423-3500; www.guggenheim.org .
Mr. Heymann said that his being based in Hong Kong had made meeting artists difficult, but that he had done so whenever he traveled or they came to Hong Kong.
Lest you begin to feel sorry for the old reprobate, she suggests that he might have tried to commit incest with her, if he hadn’t passed out before revealing just what he had in mind.
The Windows Photo Gallery in Vista promises to improve that situation.
For now, though, Coughlin said Reed would not be used for returns.
Sometimes you can hear the ba-dump-bump-chchch.
Having lain low for most of the winter, Mr.
Warm welcome and efficient service.
Besides, Morin added, a universal need for eight hours is simply “untrue.” This is exactly the kind of admission other sleep experts I spoke with seemed not to want to make.
The tape runs just 11 seconds, from 14:14:37 to 14:14:48, and it does not include the shootings.
There are few signs of the urban rat race, and real estate is affordable.
According to a survey this year of more than 6,800 workers by CareerBuilder.com , 33 percent stay in touch with the office while they are away.
Credit for that goes largely to the second-year left tackle D’Brickashaw Ferguson, who made Taylor look like something other than the Pro Bowl defensive end that he is.
Nonetheless, “Global Feminisms” jumps cannily back and forth not so much between mainstream and margins as between the two not completely separate success platforms of the marketplace and the institutional stage.
But Adams did not take only landscape photographs.
“We want to hear from them.” [British newspapers on Thursday reported that Mrs. Darwin had confirmed the authenticity of the photograph taken last year.]
Getting great music and simple faith together happens, but with difficulty.
George LeBlanc, a minister with the Federation of Christian Ministries, led the ceremony.
Digital cameras that remove red eye caused by a flash are now common.
Representatives of four of the five government agencies responsible for financial supervision used tree shears to attack a stack of paper representing bank regulations.
Like other artists, she played for time.
We want a success here in Bali.
expects infrastructure orders to keep rising, as emerging nations continue to build highways and railways and fleets of jets.
“Bush doesn’t like the legislative branch — he never did, and it shows,” said James A. Thurber, director of the Center for Congressional and Presidential Studies at American University.
There’s a certain cachet to an apartment with a great view, and that almost always means an apartment high up in a building.” One such buyer is Dr. John Leonard, who recently bought a two-bedroom second home on the 22nd floor of 840 Lake Shore Drive, a new condominium in downtown Chicago .
His determination to defy expectations shows up in everything from idiosyncratic punctuation to personal risk-taking to the near-random order in which the book’s photographs appear.
As a result, the recital of Dante’s similes feels cumulative, under pressure, an embodiment of the pilgrim’s effort to capture the uncapturable in language.
OfficeMax’s competitors have been quick to respond.
Mr. Golden, 97, is a former Wall Street analyst, who is a board member of the American Museum of Natural History, where he was the chairman from 1989 to 1994.
The tapestry called “Garden With Diana Fountain” is an example of a fashionable, precision-friendly Mannerist style for depicting small figures embedded in all-over patterning.
“The apparel business is tougher than we’re used to,” said Frank Doroff, the general merchandising manager of Bloomingdale’s.
Jennifer Olsen Mathissen and Michael William Licamele III were married yesterday in Fairfield, Conn.
I tell him to hold on, put the phone down and walk into the kitchen.
“‘Enron’ was about economic corruption, and ‘Taxi’ is about the corruption of the rule of law.” In person Mr. Gibney, 54, is simultaneously casual and intense.
Clinton, as always, had the Right Answer at the ready: “Presidents should be careful at all times in discussing the use and nonuse of nuclear weapons.” She didn’t have to add that taking options off the table was naïve and frankly irresponsible.
She was passed over for promotions after she started leaving work before 6:30 each evening to pick up her daughter from day care.
Ms. Andrews gently weighs in on this issue, saying that Miller never wrote anything “approaching greatness” after Daniel was born.
Sunday has the best lineup, with two stars of garage-rock's 1980s-era second wave, the Lyres and the Fleshtones.
We’re all sort of looking at the same sorts of schools, small liberal-arts schools, so we’re all in competition with each other.
Agreeing to buy back loans that are modified is highly unusual and perhaps unique among pools issued by companies like Countrywide, Mr. Byers said.
The Bush administration rarely uses its authority to deny payment to homes with a history of compliance problems and typically imposes fines far less than the maximum of $10,000 a day, the report said.
“You can sit there and say how unfair the world is.
These efforts combined to help lower rates among New Yorkers by 19 percent from 2002 to 2006, the city health department said, for an average annual decrease of 5 percent.
It is more likely the women brought them here, waiting for the Red Sox to finish another special season.
During their spring evaluation visits, when they are allowed to talk to coaches, administrators and seemingly everyone but the recruit, coaches sometimes engage in the “third-party nonconversation.” That tactic puts the recruiting coach, the prospect and his high school coach in a room.
For guidance, buyers can turn to the Web site of Environmental Defense, a nonprofit advocacy group based in New York.
I told the captain that if this man’s pain increased or his electrocardiogram showed signs of a heart attack we would have to put down somewhere.
Both drugs contain IGF-1, the missing growth factor, that is made in genetically engineered bacteria.
In “Reign Over Me,” Don Cheadle plays Alan Johnson, a Manhattan dentist in possession of the usual trappings (at least in movies) of comfort and success: a silver Volvo, a big apartment, a lovely wife (Jada Pinkett Smith), two children and a vague but acute feeling of malaise.
From October 2006 to September 2007, Dr. Keller’s staff treated 581 patients, the most ever in the course of a year.
The bride, 34, will continue to use her name professionally.
“It sounds nice on the surface, the fact that you can now breathe in your insulin,” Mr. Reddoch said.
It’s the Sir Ralphs who are responsible for most of the real texture of any era — including, certainly, our own.
The only interruptions of his days are occasional visits from customers and the obligatory prayer break at 1:15 p.m., his only companions the music and voices on the radio station WQXR.
Emphasis, Mr. Kalisher adds, on the “violence” and the “overhead screens.” Many airlines, including JetBlue, Virgin America and Delta in the United States, have replaced overhead screens with in-seat personal video monitors.
“If one of them was fabricated maybe all these stories were,” said Gabriel V. Robles, president of the Association of Tourist Developers of Baja California, who forwarded the e-mail message to his members.
“I don’t think that’s going to happen.
We extend our heartfelt sympathy to his family.
“Half the time, the agents who sell them don’t understand them.
Some Bush critics, starting with his first presidential campaign, have put him down as stupid.
“If there were no photographs, there would be no Abu Ghraib, no investigation,” says Javal Davis, an M.P.
Mr. Saakashvili, a lawyer educated at Columbia University, has steered his post-Soviet country sharply toward the West, seeking admission to NATO and the European Union, while moving against corruption at home, especially in the police.
Even though the Penguin makes less soda water per cylinder and costs more, it would be my choice because it uses glass bottles, which I prefer.
He isolated himself and turned against family members, including his sister.
''It really shows an understanding of a borrower's wants and needs.''
The Gómez brothers became public faces for hundreds of thousands students nationwide who are illegal immigrants and could benefit if Congress adopted legislation to give them legal status.
BNP said it expected the value of BNP Paribas Euribor to be down 2 percent to 3 percent from the Aug. 7 level.
Clemson will finish the tournament Saturday against Mississippi.
But that bill failed, so counties are pursuing local ordinances.
He received an M.B.A. last month from Columbia and is to become an associate at Lehman Brothers, the New York investment bank, next month.
Merkin Concert Hall made similar contributions in its Zoom: Composers Close Upseries, with a memorable installment devoted to Annie Gosfield’s chamber-rock sound sculptures.
So refineries and service stations have been cutting back on sales, to the dismay of truckers.
WHILE packing my family’s belongings for our move from Manhattan across the water to Brooklyn — dishes carefully, books tenderly, clothes haphazardly — I sit back, pour myself a cup of tea and wonder how Brooklyn will change me.
We think that the work for which the shed was erected should have been completed a long time ago.
Governor Huntsman, who gave an interview over a lunch of spicy pork tacos from a downtown street vendor where he eats several times a week, said that he and his father had disagreed in “polite respect,” and that they rarely talked about politics anyway.
In his first 200 days in office, he made more than 300 public appearances, including visits to the city’s most neglected neighborhoods and the city jail, where prisoners aired their grievances to him directly.
Morris W. Offit, President Susan K. Stern, Chair of the Board John S. Ruskay, Exec.
“There’s an art to popping off, shouldering your bike, then getting back on without losing speed,” said Mark Mettler, a 45-year-old road cyclist from Minnetonka, Minn. Mr. Mettler spins through 36 road races a year, starting in the spring and pedaling through the end of August.
The District of Columbia has the highest rate of AIDS infection of any city in the country and the disease is being transmitted to infants, older adults, women and heterosexual men at an epidemic pace, according to a report released Monday by city health officials.
When I came out I saw many people who had been killed.” Ahmad Saqi, a 20-year-old mechanic, told The Associated Press that he helped to carry seven people to rescue vehicles and that several of those victims were missing legs.
The new mats are sold at Hammacher Schlemmer (hammacher.com), Frontgate (frontgate.com) and Bed, Bath and Beyond (bedbathandbeyond.com); commercial mats are available from Heat Trak at (866) 766-9628 or heattrak.com.
To mark the sixth anniversary of Sept. 11, the Op-Ed page asked five artists to visit ground zero, the Pentagon and Shanksville, Pa., the scenes of the day's devastation.
“For Sony, he represents the pinnacle of football,” said Stuart Redsun, Sony’s senior corporate vice president for marketing.
They’re called sirtuins, and they’re all going to play a role, but I think the dead ringer is undoubtedly the most important based on experiments that have been done.
“Imagine a fruit vendor in a rural area or the slums,” explained Deepa Dubey, a partner of Ms. Thomas, who studies product design as a graduate student in Kanpur, India.
With the glut of very been-there-looking painting, sculpture or sculpturelike work seems especially arresting.
“This is a very hard thing to watch,” said Cathy Mathews, 59, a fifth-generation Napa resident.
The Devils were introduced, one at a time, and Brodeur received the biggest cheer.
Ms. Knight’s voice is still hearty and unpredictable, and the settings let her proclaim her faith fervently but without shouting.
“Their ability to discuss illness, in a combination of detailed medical jargon and vivid, no-holds-barred descriptions of symptoms — pustules, bowel movements and genital itches included — is prodigious.” Even death has its charms.
Ultimately, I believe, patience, trust, good will and the Internet make our efforts possible.
Mark Hellinger, the producer, was a perfectionist.
He was scheduled to run a key 10,000-meter race in Eugene.
David Maundrell, the president of Aptsandlofts.com , a Williamsburg brokerage, said a 55-unit building that would have sold out in eight months a year and a half ago now takes about 14 months.
Many versions suggest a belief in protective natural forces, like the cow pouring honey from its horns (Russia), Godfather Snake offering rice (India) and the sparrows helping Cinderella with her chores (Germany).
He planned to surrender to military authorities, and his lawyer had notified commanders at the base.
He said he worried “every single night” about threats to the food supply.
(Allan Kozinn) ‘AIDA’ (Saturday and Wednesday) One of the Met’s better efforts at size and spectacle returns for Saturday’s matinee.
But the announcement also suggested that Chinese consumers are at serious risk of being harmed by purchasing tainted foods, substandard goods and suspect or defective equipment.
Mr. Apatow traffics in such a cute, cuddly vision of modern masculinity that it seems rude to wonder if it’s honestly felt (which is what I think), self-flattering (ditto) or cunningly opportunistic (nah).
The attack, outside a university in the restive Batticaloa District, comes after the government vowed to wipe out the Tigers militarily, a remark analysts said could start a new chapter in the civil war.
He was a caring husband, father and grandfather who participated meaningfully in a large number of charitable and community activities throughout his life.
So he decided to build a free-standing garage, big enough for four cars and with room to walk around them.
¶A sprained left ankle will keep Valencia striker David Villa out of Spain’s game against Denmark on Saturday.
I even have a few in my apartment.''
In the last 18 months, hand-held global positioning systems have become half as expensive while offering better functionality and more features.
The Rudin family has been selected as the developer for a site on Seventh Avenue owned and occupied by St. Vincent's Hospital, which is relocating, hospital officials announced yesterday.
Jorge Noguera, the former chief of President lvaro Uribe's intelligence agency, was arrested on murder charges.
The company, based in Bonn, has more than 34 million customers in Germany, Europe’s largest wireless market.
“One person ordered them for almost everybody on her list.”
A brown and gray-blue color scheme doesn’t provide much spiritual relief.
“We train hop,” she said.
Despite those threadbare patches, though, this production offers a bracing night of theater.
“Think .org-onimically,” the headline of a print ad urges.
The asking price of $950,000 includes an adjoining 1,700-square-foot in-law suite, a three-car garage and a 2,200-square-foot studio with radiant-heat floors.
I’d be a wreck driving around with you pregnant.” “You already have been driving around with me pregnant.” “You won’t be able to hike through the jungle,” he said.
His quartet had just played an irresistible tune, Lyle Mays and Pat Metheny’s “James,” and some scattered cheers arose.
“Or they can say there’s nothing to prohibit us from firing someone who writes things about us that we don’t like.” Although novels exposing a dark side of the private school milieu constitute an established literary genre — from “The Catcher in the Rye” to the recent best seller “Prep” by Curtis Sittenfeld and “Glamorous Disasters” by Eliot Schrefer — most books feature protagonists who are outsiders to the realms of privilege.
“You can’t break the law to catch lawbreakers.”
Then he joined the dregs himself.
“Because of my faith and because of my belief in the sanctity of life, it was a struggle.
Lake Ontario’s Fox Island, once owned by Horace White, a former governor of New York, was sold for $3.78 million on Friday at an auction that drew about 100 bidders.
They later became paid board members, earning about $60,000 a year, according to the indictment.
Shareholders blocked the Dolan family’s $10.6 billion bid for Cablevision Systems yesterday, the largest rejection of a buyout ever.
The neighbors continue to wonder.
Mr. Bush and administration officials have issued veto threats.
The owner kept saying, ‘Wait a minute, I will get some money,’ ” said Mr. Yullah, who joined about 400 co-workers last year in walking off the job.
“We talk about food and housing — basic needs.
He added, “We are concerned that Peabody Energy has failed to disclose material information about the increased climate risks Peabody Energy’s business faces.” In other words, Mr. Cuomo was going a good deal further than Ceres.
We are deeply saddened by the untimely death of our former colleague Dr. Joseph Stavola and his wife, Jeanne Serocke.
The book begins in the austerity years of the late 1940s and early ’50s, when rationing imposed strict limits on the consumption of a broad range of foods and consumer goods, thereby creating a flourishing black market that tempted otherwise law-abiding citizens.
The earliest piece is a 1963 painting by Faith Ringgold, ''American People Series: Between Two Friends,'' in which two women, one dark-skinned, one light-skinned, face each other across a solid vertical divide.
And while it remains an intriguing curiosity, more interesting than good, it should be a must-see for students of Russian literature.
If they didn’t, there would be no incentive to take these drugs.
Wright campaigned to play shortstop, but Randolph went with Rubén Gotay.
HOLLAND COTTE Photo: A scene from a video by Maria Marshall showing her 2-year-old son smoking, at the Metropolitan Museum.
A new print of ''Diva'' is playing Friday through Nov. 20 at Film Forum, 209 West Houston Street, west of the Avenue of the Americas, South Village, (212) 727-8110, filmforum.org; $10.50.
“The private sector is good at tools and technology and preparing for unforeseen things,” said Lynn Fritz, chairman of the Fritz Institute, a charity that works with governments, nonprofits and companies to improve responses to natural disasters.
But he fought through a stingy U.S.C.
Each reflects the season, appropriately textured and based on a complex stock.
During a teleconference, Martínez said an overflowing river had wiped out an entire community.
There really is no alternative, for two reasons.
It was easy to find one-of-a-kind dwellings in her hunting ground, Lambertville, N.J., an artsy Delaware River community crammed with antique shops.
Now, with sovereign wealth funds, many experts are asking whether cross-border investment is evolving into cross-border nationalization, raising the prospect of government interference in free markets, only this time, in other countries’ markets.
Taste 660 Franklin Avenue Garden City (516) 663-5140 www.tastebistro.com VERY GOOD THE SPACE Two-tiered dining room with opulent good looks.
Craftbar * 900 Broadway (20th Street); (212) 461-4300 ATMOSPHERE Elevated wine storage links it visually to Craft and Craftsteak; otherwise, overly stark, grim.
But the work gradually picks up steam, mainly thanks to an all-female section led by the inimitable Ms. Brothers, marvelously precise and committed to the material.
He called the Tour “the annual disappointment.” Greg LeMond, a three-time winner of the Tour de France, said that the drug testing needed to be plucked from the hands of the International Cycling Union and given to outside agencies to ensure stricter testing and prevent manipulation of the results.
His job is to teach people how to pass South Africa ’s driver’s license examination, a trial of the country’s K53 method of defensive driving.
The suit, filed by Steven J. Hatfill, a bioterrorism expert, contends that the government violated the federal Privacy Act by providing journalists with information about him in the F.B.I.
With some songs, you can kid yourself into thinking they’re copies of American pop, but then the music takes a turn and becomes something your ears probably aren’t used to.
When we can, my wife and I love to travel, and we love to go to art galleries and spend time with our kids.
The evacuations took place in Anhui, left, Jiangsu and Henan Provinces, where several cities and transportation arteries risked inundation.
Loving grandfather of Samuel and Jules Paulay, Steven and Amanda Netter, Jeri Netter, Shai, Jordana and Shira Bregman.
ABOOBAKER--A. Sattar, 81, beloved husband of the late Jean.
“And do you sell to the grid?” Then she moved to the next person.
“This is the market now,” Ms. Famighetti said.
Watkins Glen, the seat of Schuyler County and about 250 miles from Manhattan, has become more popular as a second-home destination in the last 10 years because of the growing number of wineries that ring Seneca Lake, said Kathy Romanos, who owns Cabins to Castles on Seneca Real Estate in the heart of this charming village.
As for starting a career in his 80s, Mr. Rapp wrote in an e-mail message: “I ran Rapp Collins into my 60s.
But for Mr. Hili, and Mohammed and his friends, it is a painful barometer of just how far Iraq has shifted from its secular past.
According to the article, which appears in the journal Archives of Internal Medicine, H. pylori acquisition in industrialized countries has been diminishing with each succeeding generation for at least the past 60 years.
“And I said, ‘I know!
On East State Street, you’ll find terrific places like Perry’s for barbecue or the cozy Black Mountain Bistro.
The House legislation proposes various categories of court intervention and oversight of electronic surveillance.
“And as a naturally curious person, it’s intriguing to encounter these close relatives.” Meanwhile the law firm of Kaye Scholer in Manhattan is providing Ms. Allen’s Chimpanzee Artists Foundation with pro bono legal help, and the East Hampton veterinarian Dr. Jonathan Turetsky says he is prepared to brush up on primate treatments.
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. $12; members, $9.
Maddie Sifantus, a Unitarian Universalist minister, officiated.
If that trend continues, the official said, the shortfall could reach $200 million by the end of the year, and rates would have to be raised by 18.5 percent to make up for the loss.
The concrete yards are most common in auto-centric neighborhoods with limited street parking, like Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn, and Bayside, Queens.
Now there are no thieves and no life; we are dead.”
“While black youths hungered for leadership,” he writes, “the most honored living black American novelist had no young black disciples, students or friends.” At the same time, Mr. Rampersad portrays an acutely sensitive artist and critic, alive, to use one of Ellison’s favorite words, to the “complexities” of black culture, whose power to shape American life he analyzed with such brilliance in the essays collected in “Shadow and Act” and “Going to the Territory.” He describes, with genuine respect, Ellison’s principled refusal to endorse the separatist, militant strains in the civil rights movement, and his puncturing of liberal pieties about race, especially the tendency of white sociologists to see black America as an undifferentiated sea of misery and cultural deprivation.
“Not having a win doesn’t have anything to do with going out and playing the game.
Their natty new lab jackets shrugged into place, the students in Ms. Cascio’s physics class set out to demonstrate by experiment, in four four-person teams, the Newtonian verity that force equals mass times acceleration.
“Instead of schoolwork, it’s film work.
In 1984 that Episcopal cathedral in New York held the first Blessing of the Animals to mark the Oct. 4 feast of St. Francis of Assisi, and in some years, the beasts processing into the massive Gothic structure often included an elephant.
Across the Major Deegan Expressway, Broadway is lined with national and independent retailers, and in nearby Marble Hill, the River Plaza center has a Target, a Marshall’s and a Starbucks.
“It’s like doing a jigsaw,” said Ms. Bartlett, who is British and in her 40s and who has the appealingly worn look of a woman who appears to have lived hard enough (she once gave parties professionally) to take the edge off a delicate prettiness that probably made her difficult for other women to like.
“Mac is lying, and he knows he’s lying,” Justice said Thursday in a telephone interview.
And while the values voters don’t demand perfection, I do believe they want leaders with integrity.” The perception that Mr. Craig is not living up to his own values is causing problems for him, and after his appearance on Tuesday, with his wife standing by his side, some Republicans confessed they did not know what to think.
Neither Mr. Lockhart nor Ms. Yellen are currently voting members of the Federal Open Market Committee, which sets interest rates.
“Speaking as a former teenage guy, the fact that you might someday get lucky was like the only thing getting you through those years,” Mr. Perrotta observed after the event as gaggles of hooting kids thronged through the lobby of the suburban church.
HSBC was the focus of shareholder discontent this year when the bank had to set aside £1.75 billion ($3.5 billion) for losses on subprime mortgages in the United States, which caused the first profit warning in the bank’s recent history.
It is no accident that his idea has led to he greatest forms of cruelty and violations of justice.” The full text can be read online in English at www.vatican.va .
“I totally can’t believe that.
According to the survey results, 36 percent of the gardens had at least one soil sample greater than the Connecticut Department of Environmental Protection’s limit for lead and 20 percent of the gardens had at least one sample greater than the limit for arsenic.
“I’m not remotely concerned right now that we’re looking at a scenario like that,” Mr. Suffredini said.
There does seem to be at least one bottom line for many voters: belief in God.
does not apprehend a potentially dangerous person, this increases the potential that national security may be compromised,” said the office, an investigative arm of Congress.
After a bitter loss to the Bills, an emotional trip to Florida for the funeral of Sean Taylor, and a short week of practice, the Redskins may not have much left.
Belichick has been accused of running up the score and embarrassing opposing coaches.
The dish originally contained lamb, and the Lebanese version was quite similar to shawarma, gyros or any of the other Eastern Mediterranean and Middle Eastern preparations of spitted lamb and flatbread.
“I know what I can do to mitigate this housing subdivision, but how do I mitigate that?” Mr. Hogan said of climate change.
Mr. Wright denied this as well.
But Israel objects to a new Palestinian request to outfit the vehicles with machine guns, according to Shlomo Dror, a spokesman for the Israeli Ministry of Defense.
In a separate dish, brush the sliced halloumi with 1 teaspoon of the olive oil.
Your secure backup device should be located some distance from the business’s data center, whether it’s a RAID or a network-attached external single drive.
Judi Dench , Ian McKellen , Maggie Smith , Alan Rickman , Emma Thompson and other British theater notables signed a letter in yesterday’s Times of London to protest plans to close the Old Vic Theater in Bristol for 18 months of renovations, beginning tomorrow, Agence France-Presse reported.
She holds shares of retailers including Target.
Late last year, at the aircraft carrier christening, he grew emotional again, this time with President Bush in his presence.
But Mr. Clapton was unhappy with this version.
“There are a lot of guys trying to move because they want that bump in salary,” Mr. Cone-Gorham said.
Dr. Cade’s wife, Mary, suggested adding lemon juice, which helped a lot.
Do not attempt to adjust your radio, there is nothing wrong.” Swinging back and forth with their torsos bent and gently floating over their feet, the dancers swayed their hips and deftly used their arms to lend the movement its invincible swoop.
Pure down-home Nicaragua outside of the city center, specializing in fresh fish from the lake.
“It’s the emotional part that’s so hard, so it was nice to get positive feedback,” Mr. Camarata said.
Langan did not return a call seeking comment.
“I think it’s great he finally got what he wanted,” Russell said.
Soon, he hopes, a much larger complex will recall the rural Jewish community that once flourished here, an improbable promised land far from the city tenements that absorbed most other Jewish immigrants.
Many of the songs on “Version” are bitter lovers’ plaints, like “Toxic,” from Britney Spears, and “Amy,” by Ryan Adams.
A sweet bread known as cozonac comes in flavors like chocolate and Turkish delight.
Peaceful as it is now, when operating at full tilt White Street was an unforgiving machine.
I haven’t had a real idea since I’ve been on this; I just work with the old ideas.’ I certainly know what he means now — I think there are just so many ideas you can have in your life, and once you have them, you have to develop them.”
“He was a man of some importance, given the scale,” Ms. Udell said, “and the fact that he’s wearing a Greek-style himation, as opposed to a Roman-style toga.” (A himation is an ancient Greek draped cloak.)
Even now, three months later, no one is sure why that happened, but it has focused the attention of engineers on techniques of bridge inspections, and how to diagnose their ills.
As a gesture of good will, the Americans have pledged to release more than 50 detainees a day -- about 10 more than usual -- during Ramadan, the holy month that ends this week.
His voice is startlingly similar to that of Freddie Mercury, Queen’s lead singer, from breathy baritone to swooping tenor to piercing falsetto.
Even before the housing bubble burst, the furniture industry was in the throes of consolidation, as an influx of imports from the Far East spurred price competition that cut profit margins and forced many mom-and-pop stores to close and discount retailers like Costco to jump in.
She is the daughter of Wendy Peter Abt and Clark C. Abt, who live and work in Cambridge, Mass.
As Mr. Subari spoke, a woman could be heard screaming in the background.
Though Mr. Kline lands every joke and metaphor in style, you sense that Cyrano’s fearlessness comes in part from a weary feeling that he has nothing to lose.
These are the milestone moments that require Kleenex and a strong margarita afterwards.” Inspired by The Atlantic Monthly’s list of the 100 most influential Americans, last year Ms. Crawford compiled the “Park Slope 100,” a list that included well-known Slope figures like the writer Paul Auster and the actor Steve Buscemi, but also lesser-known residents, like a stoic local barista who serves coffee and muffins with a particular grace, and her therapist.
Owners will have access to all the hotel’s amenities and services.
Asked by a reporter if he would change or table the plan, the governor said he was sticking with it “as of now,” but suggested that he was open to abandoning it.
Tetbury, England ORDINARY people don’t get invited to Highgrove much.
Their discovery made the cover of Science in 1984, and a chapter of the 1998 book “The Enchanted Braid” (John Wiley), which called the startling find “a coup for a group of graduate students.” Investigation showed that the swirling eggs and sperm would merge and float away, forming embryonic corals that would sink to the ocean floor and, if conditions were right, found new colonies.
Liv’s is a joint effort by John Brescio, the chef, and his effervescent wife, Kristine.
They should also be open to the public, which will have to feel invested in any plan that has a hope of working.
“Unless we see the perfect house, we’ll wait,” Mr. Li said.
The International Contemporary Ensemble, a prominent young new-music group active both here and in Chicago, got lucky recently, taking over the top floor of a commercial building in Sunset Park, Brooklyn.
Lions, once an auspicious solar symbol, were associated with evil and chaos, and as such were the natural enemy of the righteous king.
But Byrd did feel the need to address the team in a pregame meeting.
Peavy (14-5) held the Mets hitless until José Reyes’s one-out single in the fifth, and allowed only one more before he departed an inning later, when the score was 4-2, in favor of the Padres.
“Seeing the real story told more in textbooks would be awesome.” Like countless visitors before him, Mr. Ramey also found the rock surprisingly small; he had expected something more like Prudential Financial’s logo, he said.
“Radio’s becoming marginalized,” he said.
Mr. Bush used his most forceful language to denounce countries that the United States publicly ranks among the least democratic.
None of that technology was available just a decade ago.
No turnaround will be possible without capturing the impressionable taste buds of people entering their prime drinking years.
Lucentis is approved to treat wet age-related macular degeneration, the most common cause of blindness in the elderly.
The race was slowed by 13 caution periods, and only 6 of the 43 cars finished on the lead lap at Dover International Speedway, the notoriously punishing one-mile concrete oval.
“My son goes to school there.
The Dow dropped 146.32 points, to 13,211.99.
from England), the prohibitions on alcohol during the Islamic holy period of Ramadan and the year-round 3 a.m. closing time.
So far, all the gardens mentioned are open to the public.
Iowans saw a candidate who is subdued and sonorous, a laconic presence who spoke in soft monotone, threw few elbows and displayed little drive to distinguish himself from his opponents.
But a senior party official, Dr. Abu Bakr Majid, said later that party members had been told to go home but had not been ordered out of the city, and that officers told them their computers and other equipment would not be removed.
Mrs. Aasan said she was thrilled and relieved just a few days ago, when her college-aged son got stuck at work after dark and his father managed to pick him up and drive home without being killed.
Nitpickers will note that on this unit you can’t exclude a particular road from your route, and the speaker is too weak when the road noise is loud.
“I don’t know,” he said.
ANYONE can make money; the hard thing is to keep it.
At the other end of the price spectrum was the Mâcon-Milly-Lamartine from Lafon’s Mâconnais operation, Les Héritiers du Comte Lafon.
When told that the turbines would be only barely visible on the horizon from Hyannisport, Ted Kennedy is quoted (secondhand) as replying, “But don’t you realize, that’s where I sail.” Even Robert F. Kennedy Jr., a noted environmentalist, makes a bizarre appearance on a radio talk show, lumping the wind power proponents in with “polluters.” (If built, the wind farm could provide up to 79 percent of the energy for Cape Cod, Martha’s Vineyard and Nantucket, and cut down on the oil barges that have polluted the shores of Rhode Island.)
That forced the government to disclose details in court papers, including a seven-page statement by an Army investigator.
THE BILL Lunch entrees: $8 to $15.
She was elected in 1988 and 1993, but both terms were cut short amid accusations of corruption.
Mr. Lamelas made a credible rock star, but “Time as Activity” is probably the work for which he would like to be remembered.
In what he termed “a state-sanctioned exercise in moral turpitude,” the company’s executives helped the government disguise its defrauding of Jews as “business as usual.” Dr. Feldman firmly established how Allianz Group inspectors had toured concentration camps and were fully aware of what was going on.
Nor is it clear why his father-in-law purchased a one-way ticket, though, generally speaking a ticket purchased in India is cheaper than one bought in Australia.
He threw a three-inning simulated game Saturday in Port St. Lucie, Fla., to prepare for his first start since Aug. 27 for Class AAA New Orleans.
Even the soft-spoken and apparently modest Mr. Ratmansky, 38, a dancer turned choreographer with wide international connections, was taken aback by his dancers’ performances.
“The big issue of power plants is carbon emissions,” he said, “and nuclear plants don’t have them.” The fuel is the bigger issue for him.
Maybe, too, revenge was in the air.
I’m less interested in beating my chest and rattling my saber and more in making decisions that build a safer and more secure world.” Obama, speaking less than a month before the Iowa caucus on Jan. 3, continued: “We can and should lead the world, but we have to apply wisdom and judgment.
The quiet swish of their fishing lines whipping through the air makes a poignant accompaniment to the sight of the familiar, majestic mountain now literally defaced by the very forces that formed it.
The story won’t be what I say.
He believes most casual cyclists prefer a larger lock because it is easier to use.
The former editor in chief of Commentary argues that the struggle against ''Islamofascism'' is a world war.16124WONDERFUL TONIGHT, by Pattie Boyd with Penny Junor.
Church members at New Life said the Works family members were getting into a car in the parking lot when Mr. Murray opened fire.
“At this time the health department does not believe that other children are at increased risk for the infection,” the letter said.
Unless Pip comes forward, there will be hell to pay.
But for Smith, it was not merely a game.
President Bush unveiled a $2.9 trillion budget on Monday that he said would wipe out the deficit in five years without raising taxes, setting up a clash with the Democratic-run Congress and charting a course for Republicans to continue his policies long after he leaves office.
Atim voices outrage, but the old man presents a more concrete response in the form of a gun.
With an income, he figured, he could begin wiring money to friends in Liberia, whose plaintive requests for cash had taken on an edge of anger.
He is now rewriting, focusing more on his career.
At Saks Fifth Avenue and Valentino stores.
Bill Richardson, who as a Democratic whip in the House in 1993 helped Mr. Clinton win approval of the trade deal with Mexico and Canada.
THERE are some restaurant dishes that I order because they sound better than everything else on the menu, and there are some I order because they sound worse.
Coach Mike D’Antoni said Stoudemire’s playing status was day to day.
Julie Davids, executive director of the Community H.I.V./AIDS Mobilization Project, a national advocacy group, said it planned to protest Tuesday in front of the C.D.C.
With a dress, you can tell any story.''
The development will combine luxury lodging with sustainable practices like renewable energy.
Two Sicilian shepherds were detained on suspicion of starting a fire that consumed a hotel and killed three people, while firefighters battled dozens of other blazes across the south.
Although its freewheeling (read: messy) structure and rock-inflected score represented a break from the traditions of American musical theater, in retrospect it is amusing to note that “Hair” was one of the last Broadway musicals to saturate the culture as shows from the golden age once regularly did.
For parcels sent first class or priority mail, the deadline is Dec. 20, and for express mail, Dec. 22.
Rates for a beachfront superior room are 5,700 baht from April 16 through the end of October.
The first trial involving charges of torture at a notorious military prison during Argentina ’s “dirty war” began Thursday with a former coast guard officer facing possible life in prison.
Let’s be perfectly honest about this: despite the hard core of soccer buffs in America (more of us than one would think following European soccer via the Internet and cable TV), the sport will not grow easily in the United States.
Choquequirao has quite a few scattered about, long rice-paddy-like structures imposing angular order on the wild cliffs, but these narrower terraces were special.
Again and again Eyestones insists he is not in love with Laura, that he doesn’t want to sleep with her.
“Bill is a big guy, and he carries huge packs,” Schutt said.
KERRY URGES A SETTLEMENT Senator John Kerry, Democrat of Massachusetts, stepped into the impasse between the N.F.L.
In co-ops and condominiums, 20 percent of all units would have to be affordable to people making no more than 125 percent of median income, or just under $90,000 for a family of four.
(Maxtor’s rubbery ridged box is expected to be overhauled this year.)
BUT for reasons lost on everyone in the courtroom, given the strong evidence against him, Jameek Stilley chose to roll the dice with a jury.
The average person, however, may not be able to experience the wonders of the marsh up close any time soon, or possibly ever.
The unanimous decision by the Federal Election Commission could lead to new commercials next month in Iowa, where the cutoff date for issue ads was just 13 days away.
Examining him, Woerner saw the results of the stroke but little more.
In eastern Myanmar, Thai companies are building hydropower plants and have contracts to pay the government billions of dollars for electricity from them.
Mike Thomas caught two touchdown passes for the Wildcats.
“It’s another really pathetic example of the problems of leadership at the top in Atlantic City,” said David P. Rebovich, director of the Institute for New Jersey Politics at Rider University.
Thomaston resembles Empire Falls in that its geographical, social and economic lines are very precise.
Mr. Schwarz was chief counsel for the Church committee, which investigated executive branch overreaching in the mid 1970s, and he and Mr. Huq have done a powerful job of situating the actions of the current White House in perspective with the imperial presidency of Richard M. Nixon (who once declared that “when the president does it, that means that it is not illegal”).
Less fancy items that hold their value better include air-conditioning — figure $700 back on a $1,000 price — and cruise control, which would return about $175 of a $200 cost.
A week after my 49th birthday in January 2005, half a year after being given a diagnosis of renal failure , a friend and I were drinking coffee at a Starbucks when I wondered aloud if I would find a donor before I reached 50.
Walgreens plans eventually to open 25 to 30 stores in Hawaii as part of its effort to compete with Longs Drugs, the dominant drugstore in the state.
makers, including Winnebago and Airstream, use Sprinter platforms for smaller models.
Women EX-FRESNO ST. COACH WINS SUIT A former Fresno State coach, Stacy Johnson-Klein, was awarded $19.1 million in a sexual-discrimination lawsuit that alleged she was fired because she advocated for women’s rights.
LEANN RIMES and NICHOLAS SCOPPETTA, the city's fire commissioner.
The History George Washington’s soldiers are said to have bivouacked on Camp Hill Road during the Revolution.
But it can sound lovely on recordings, and if you want to hear subtly shaded, gracefully virtuosic readings of Narváez’s music, Hopkinson Smith’s 1989 recording of 21 works from the “Seys Libros” on Astrée is the place to look.
Adrian Peterson lives in Eden Prairie, Minn., an upscale suburb of Minneapolis, where the Vikings have their corporate offices and practice facility.
On Dec. 15 Ms. Dion will finish more than 700 nights of performances in her “New Day” show at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, which grossed $370.4 million through mid-September.
“I’m sure at the appropriate levels, liaison is being done.
This tough little box looks better the more it gets graffiti'd.
“Cherry Springs State Park is doing an excellent job of preserving the dark skies,” said Bob Gent, president of the board of the International Dark-Sky Association, which fights light pollution.
Now he looks across the Baltic toward “Finland, that country so like himself, for so long half free and quite comfortable.” Other people aren’t so lucky, however, and a letter on his desk sends the novel back to 1953, to a bench in Dupont Circle and his first meeting with a nice milk-drinking Roman Catholic boy.
During a recent hike , Mr. Cleaver pointed out local flora as well as animal tracks while our family of four happily hiked along with Magic, Handsome Jack, Cuzco and Tanner, the alpha male who likes to lead.
40 throughout high school and attended one of Alstott’s football camps in Florida.
“Walter Payton exemplified everything a running back means,” Ward said.
A Republican lawyer there has given a sworn statement to the committee in which she said she overheard discussion of how the White House had put pressure on local prosecutors to pursue the case.
studio shows on ESPN.com and Mobile TV, and live audio streaming of their radio and TV games and live look-ins to games on ESPN.com.
As her Prince Désiré, Angel Corella was the best of them all, though, unfortunately, too slight a partner for Ms. Herrera.
And those margaritas ... limes can’t be found anywhere near New York, can they?
Her mother is a tailor.
The survey, by Michigan State University, was based on data collected from veterinarians, veterinary technicians and pathologists from April 5 to June 6.
“I don’t think we got a first down the whole spring,” Rodriguez said.
On the other side of the spectrum, Marilyn Kawakami, 64, a retired executive in the fashion industry, became so disillusioned with the war that she found herself “talking back to the TV at President Bush.” She now spends much of her time volunteering for the liberal group MoveOn.org .
“We’re very concerned about preserving the character of our waterfront.”
“This is one of the tougher losses.
Lenders also offer ARM’s with initial fixed-rate periods of one, five, seven and even 10 years.
Beloved spouse of the late Michael Escott.
He replaces Dennis Franchione, who resigned Friday.
An efficient small automobile marketed with all the passion one musters to sell a refrigerator simply did not excite most Americans.
Flores is also part of the catching connection between the Nationals and the Mets.
“The American people will have a choice, a sharp distinction between us and Hillary Clinton,” Joe Trippi, a senior Edwards campaign adviser, said in a conference call with reporters.
It was driven by the president’s approval to expand the Army by 74,000, including the Reserves, to meet the needs in Iraq and Afghanistan and to prepare for future threats.
His father monitored events from across the street.
He has been in the forefront of counterterrorism efforts in Pakistan.
Are they going to say it?
Birds had constructed a condominium nest in a third-floor wall.
What if taking such a radical step made it harder for Deborah to find someone special and become a mother herself?
“There were rooms filled with drugs,” she said, and the locations were used for some processing as well as for packing and shipping.
“They’re good,” Mr. Stark said of the onion rings.
Ms. Lane, 39, grew up on Vancouver Island, in British Columbia, and studied welding, planning to use the technique to make art (and, if that proved impossible, simply to make a living).
Some of the 10 drivers’ excuses seemed genuine.
“That is, an antipeace, fundamentalist, xenophobic faction, which wants to hold back any reconciliation.
The initiatives extend beyond the Nationwide Web site.
For fishing guides, contact Gregg McKee at Wildfly Charters (787-435-4833; www.wildflycharters.com ) or Franco González at Caribbean Fly Fishing Company (787-741-1337; www.caribbeanflyfishingco.com ).
Now that service jobs have replaced many of the old factory positions for a population of about 200,000 in the city and suburbs, art has become a tradition to build on.
“There would be no need for anyone to conceal his detail’s travel expenses,” said Mr. Kerik, who was indicted earlier this month on unrelated federal tax fraud and corruption charges.
“This is the first time that medical-related research of world importance has been done entirely in Japan,” said Dr. Hitoshi Niwa of the Riken Center for Developmental Biology in Kobe.
She had a zest for life and was passionate about her work in the travel industry.
“It might help; it might make it safer,” said Mr. Sandy’s mother, Denise, of Bellport, N.Y. Today, at 4:30 p.m., she and her husband, Zeke, will hold a vigil at Plumb Beach in honor of their son.
Some of the first African-Americans working in national corporations — who didn’t carry a broom, that is — they became role models and minor celebrities.
During the group’s show on Monday night at the Good Shepherd-Faith Presbyterian Church, near Lincoln Center, each musician changed instruments for almost every song.
Photo: Lee Humphrey (Photo by Brian Snyder/Reuters)
I don’t want to have to live with that.” No one much disputes that the strategy amounts to something of a retreat for law enforcement in New Jersey.
But they live and look ahead.” Criticism has faded somewhat since the complex began a soft opening in October and invited guests had their first glimpses of the elaborate interior.
You can hop from Miami to Mexico City, from Mexico City to Shanghai, from Shanghai to Spain, from Spain to London.
It was a raucous market in Hobbes’s time, with stalls for Roman Catholics, Anglicans, Lutherans, Calvinists, Anabaptists, Quakers, Ranters, Muggletonians, Fifth Monarchy Men and countless others, each with his own path to salvation and blueprint for Christian society.
The police declined to say why the kidney had been taken or where it had been kept.
She’s done a great job building the company.” Andy Birol, founder of Birol Growth Consulting in Solon, Ohio, interviewed more than 5,000 business owners, and estimates that 50 percent of businesses inherited unexpectedly fail or are sold in a year or two.
Rich Halberg, a spokesman for Allstate, said he was puzzled by that statement.
(Sisario) DASHBOARD CONFESSIONAL (Monday and Tuesday) Reaching out a tattooed arm to every anxious teenage soul, Chris Carrabba, the 32-year-old singer-songwriter who performs as Dashboard Confessional, has become the elder statesman of the emo scene with a repertory of yearning, histrionic melodies and just-hang-in-there themes.
“It does surprise me to see that the killing of seven women and children by grenades and rifles, for the purposes of clearing structures, is being treated the way this investigating officer has treated it,” said Eugene R. Fidell, an expert in military law in Washington.
But Tranghese said that the presidents of Big East universities asked for all teams to play one another at least once and that 16 games did not leave enough room for crossover matchups.
General Baduel described his outreach to Jews as part of his “ecumenical” beliefs, but some people here have a different view.
He is as fixated on the possibility of imminent terrorism as Mr. Allen is on the prospect of his own eventual death.
Later, Tyler announced that he was going to be a little nervous before reading from his journal.
Proponents of lifestyle medicine are quick to distinguish it from alternative medicine.
“With this project, I want to have my hand in everything.
He also became the first Kansas City player other than Johnson or Priest Holmes to rush for a touchdown since 2004, a streak of 45 games.
The prix fixe dining room menu includes black bass with carrots, curry and ginger, and veal piccata.
In 1994 he was promoted to chief financial officer and head of operations, technology and finance.
RIB-EYE ROASTS I cooked five roasts, two grass-fed and three grain-finished.
Each is represented, if only glancingly, in the show.
So far we can’t seem to get out of our own way regarding greenhouse gases and global warming .
Most of the roughly $400,000 budget for these helpful showcases, raised primarily from foundations, goes toward paying the hard-working players.
Obscured in the tumult, however, was another reality.
For now, though, they are trying to enjoy what may be only a temporary respite from violence.
They use that room for storage, and it’s filled with boxes.
The medicine needed by a child with hemophilia can cost upward of $150,000 a year without complications, and as much as $1 million or more if complications arise.
I think of myself as a professional manager.
The ball that will descend Monday atop 1 Times Square is a new, $1.1 million high-tech creation, with a skeleton of aluminum and a skin composed of 672 Waterford crystal panels and additional pyramid-shaped mirrors to best reflect the light of 9,576 diodes generating 625,033 lumens.
They would make good acting-class exercises.
On a recent Monday afternoon, an elderly Cambodian man tended to his vegetable garden while another man sat in a car listening to a Russian radio station.
He told me, “I’d like to say to the Democrats that we are as far today from the New Deal as the New Deal was from the Civil War.” He wants more people to pay attention to the big issues that affect not just union workers but all working families: How do you bring health care to all?
There we have some idea of what to look for.” The report calls for NASA and the National Science Foundation both to support research into weird life.
In 1962 he left Los Angeles for Europe, where he met his Danish wife, Neter, 44 years ago and still madly in love.
But while Mr. Cumpsty’s Richard grows gloomier and grumpier as the tides turn against him, he does not transmit a current of real malevolence.
Justia is spending about $10,000 a month to send people to copy documents at the Supreme Court so the company can place it online for free access, he said.
It’s “Guess Who’s Coming to Dinner at Gunpoint.” The real genetic marker of these films, beyond schmaltz and wooden dialogue, is predictability, of course, and if you don’t know whether the Shemwells will be rescued, or whether Peyton Macgruder will fall for the handsome, burned-out sportswriter, or whether Trudie will win her abductee’s heart, then you just haven’t been paying attention.
“Mami played a major role in bringing her church culturally closer to the present wave of Puerto Ricans who are an increasingly rarer breed in our Spanish Harlem,” Marina Ortiz of East Harlem Preservation, a local advocacy group that favors reopening the church, said in a statement.
The top 144 players in the points standings after yesterday’s Wyndham Championship are eligible to advance to a four-tournament playoff, beginning at the Barclays.
This pattern of global sourcing also points to big changes in the economics of Mexican crime.
The bridegroom is a son of Jean Ames DeNunzio and Ralph D. DeNunzio of Riverside, Conn. His father, a former chairman of the board of governors of the New York Stock Exchange and a former chairman and chief executive of Kidder, Peabody & Company, is the president of Harbor Point Associates, an investment and consulting firm in New York.
“After the weekend, if we sell out of something we’ll figure it out on Sunday night, so we can reorder the next morning,” she said.
The renowned “Second Story Sunlight” (1960) does.
To the Editor: Re ''Oil Price 'Gouging': A Phantom Menace?''
She discerns feng shui influences in the colors that her students wear and the charms that many carry on book bags and handbags.
He said the government had buckled under pressure to hunt down terrorists after Sept. 11, 2001, and unjustly pursued Mr. Padilla, an American who converted to Islam.
Investigators declined to say what was stolen or what was left behind at the office, which is on Lewis Street.
“She asked for an apartment with a basement,” her mother, Darcey Steinke, recalled recently.
“If same-ing isn’t working, why don’t you different instead,” Howlin’ Pelle Almqvist taunts in “Try It Again.” Now the Hives allow songs to stretch past three minutes (but still under four), and occasionally to slow down.
The European Union has since pledged to reduce emissions by at least an additional 20 percent by 2020.
CONTACT (646) 505-6989 or www.adamsbay.org .
Postponing pregnancy is no solution.
The militants escaped, reports from Gaza said.
Nokia, which owns nearly 40 percent of the world market for cellphones, is snapping up Web technology companies and has made an eye-popping $8.1 billion bid for Navteq, a digital mapping service.
A matinee at 2 on Sunday, July 15, has been added to accommodate exchanges for last night’s ticket holders.
Excess coating stays behind in the first deep-fryer, allowing for cleaner cooking in the second.
His clothing was stolen while he was bathing, leaving him with nothing.
2 Pennsylvania Plaza, 14th floor.
“One was Lucien, and one was Richard, and I asked myself: ‘Would I serve this to Lucien?
WAINSCOTT WHEN Harry Joe Brown Jr. first talked to the architect Richard Meier in the late 1990’s about creating an East End subdivision of one-of-a-kind modernist homes designed by leading architects, including Mr. Meier and Philip Johnson, the concept was homes that were small and affordable — around $300,000.
At the 59E59 Theaters, 59 East 59th Street, between Madison and Park Avenues, (212) 279-4200.
The heir, Julius H. Schoeps, a grandson of one of Paul von Mendelssohn-Bartholdy’s sisters, has claimed that two of the Picassos — “Le Moulin de la Galette,” done in 1900, and “Boy Leading a Horse,” from 1906 — were sold under duress during the Nazi regime, and thus, belong to him.
But Mr. Matthews acknowledges that her public bearing can at times “cause people to wonder how open she would be to my needs and feelings.” “I think there has been a natural steeling process that has gone on,” he said.
As “vivid crystalline notes exploded in the air with hurtful volume,” his performance becomes “a tortuous spectacle” capped by a vision of her dead parents (who had sung arias to each other in Munich).
It opens with a fellow in a fedora dancing against a gritty urban backdrop.
Mr. Turner, who wrote or collaborated on 7 of the album’s 12 songs, works through mild double entendres in the honky-tonking “Firecracker” — deadpanning a spoken “bang!” in his low register near the end.
And while the investigation into the pet food poisonings so far discounts murderous intent, it’s obvious from Internet chat room discussions that many people don’t accept the innocent explanation.
The first act introduces Justin and Delores Labelle and their young son, Jason.
Pagliarini, racing for the Spanish team Saunier Duval-Prodir, finished the 133-mile stage in 5 hours 7 minutes 52 seconds.
Scene: From the outside, it looks like just another groovy watering hole, but the tapas served at the high tables can't be beat.
The values that ChoicePoint placed on Mr. Smith's post-employment payments ranged from $8.8 million to $38.6 million.
A similar question presented itself in downtown Brooklyn , where a row of 14 new town houses went on sale in 2005 in a project called “14 Town Houses.” The new houses, which have striking modern elements, are on State Street facing traditional row houses in the Boerum Hill Historic District.
The recent nuclear agreement with the United States also complicates the situation of American companies.
Nine states, for example, prohibit insurers from considering the health status of workers when setting rates for small groups.
During the 10 years of the Pizza Hut sponsorship, “we did not receive any complaints,” said Regina Klaers, a spokeswoman for the Seminole County Public Schools in Sanford, Fla. Ms. Pagan is the only parent to complain so far about the McDonald’s sponsorship, Ms. Klaers said, adding that district administrators and members of the school board discussed her concerns this week.
His brother died in 1966.
It began as a school, which still exists, and grew to international stature as an innovative and accomplished performance group.
Janet Maslin's review is on Page 35.
It was the first real increase for white households, after adjusting for inflation, since 1999, census officials said.
First, in recent weeks, some Clinton advisers and donors had depressed expectations for her third-quarter results, predicting that she would raise about $20 million while suggesting Mr. Obama would raise closer to $30 million.
In Britain, Mr. Nawaz was a familiar figure on the Islamic circuit, persuading university students in London to join up when he was at Newham College and later at the School of Oriental and African Studies.
Months of spadework by at least 20 studio executives, relief workers, diplomats and even a former C.I.A.
“They are, after all, 17 years old,” she says.
“This is, of course, the safest approach.” Tao Yong, a freelance Chinese journalist who broke ground with original reporting from Africa recently, said editors brought strong preconceived notions to each subject that are often insurmountable.
After hearing Bonnard describe Marthe as nothing more than a model, Chaty tells him he is “the most tender man I have ever seen.” She needs to get out more.
“On one hand,” she writes, “work on the flower farms was low paying, exhausting and hazardous.
One would have thought that few people understand this truth as well as the woman occasionally known as Hairband Hillary, who, after all, assiduously recast her image from that of demure and wifely second-banana to power-suited policy wonk, dressed to go forth and lead the free world.
Maybe the “Dangerous” boys’ version is more adventuresome: Page 98: “Making a Paper Hat.” Page 180: “Wrapping a Package in Brown Paper and String.” Guess not.
Ethiopian and American officials, who had worked together to overthrow the Islamists, breathed a mutual sigh of relief.
Still, Missouri had ample chances in the second half.
Thoroughbred fillies have not done nearly as well in that sport’s major races.
About the only thing not too nice about the day was that the 16-man field was missing a player.
Not at all surprisingly, the defiantly agrarian, slave-based American South supported an abundance of such high schools until the late 20th century.
A former runner for Bill Bowerman at Oregon, Knight has indelibly tattooed the swoosh on American institutions like Tiger Woods, Michael Jordan and Lance Armstrong.
I don’t feel any regret, remorse or anything like that.
His intensely flavorful, light-bodied 2006 Mudd Vineyard sauvignon blanc ($20), made with fruit from vines planted in 1975 in Southold, is also beguiling.
The Nippon Ham Fighters, managed by Trey Hillman, are going back to the Japan Series.
Then he waved a hand blithely up and down the trophy-packed bookcase.
In her second solo outing Ms. Berkeley falters somewhat.
Alex could pull together a few simple concepts.
The S3’s screen is tiny by today’s standards: 2 inches.
In another a young boy runs through a similar setting, amid a cloud of twisted marks that represent blowing trash and debris.
They have real choices, even when faced with so much emotional trauma and fear for the future.
“It’s a magic act — here today, gone tomorrow,” said a senior intelligence official.
Delaware declared in 2005 that the project would violate its Coastal Zone Act and refused to issue a permit.
The catch: once you get home, your passport is no longer valid until you pay the loan.
She immediately got in touch with a history of science professor whose name she found on the Web.
It’s his duty to be down there.” The politics of Sept. 11 are complicated.
Many of these records have not been digitized or even microfilmed.
and 76th Rd, Forest Hills, NY.
In other words, there is something suspiciously psychopath-inducing in some people’s genes.
who is also music director of the Zurich Opera, will succeed Seiji Ozawa.
It was the third day of the weeklong camp, late for icebreakers.
NASA managers had hoped to squeeze five shuttle flights into 2007, but a postponement in launching the Atlantis made that impossible and created launching delays for the rest of the year.
A retired Executive Vice President of Smith Barney, he was with the firm in many capacities from 1966 until 1999.
Michael Beseda, vice president for enrollment at St. Mary’s College of California, said he knew someone whose college sent him a $5 bill, asking him simply to send it back so it would count as a donation.
Design Happening — dig that groovy 1960s name — will overlap the second annual National Design Week, which is to take place from Sunday through Oct. 20.
A small free market party under the name of “Liberal Alternative” was planning demonstrations in favor of the reform.
The event honored two men who embody the idea that scholarship and historical understanding are necessary in forming Mideast policy.
That is not so as it turns out.
Adams was born on October 11, 1954 and moved many times as a child, graduating from E.O.
Let's not memorialize those years.
Mr. Bayraktar said Miami has made great progress in developing a reputation as a destination for yacht charters.
He discovered these in Paris's Clignancourt market.
Photo (Photo by Ángel Franco/The New York Times)
Visiting chefs include Thomas Keller, Alain Passard and Charlie Trotter, below; wineries include Silver Oak Cellars, Veuve Clicquot Ponsardin and Pisoni Estate.
Pro Publica plans to establish a newsroom in New York City and have 24 journalists, one of the biggest investigative staffs in any medium, along with about a dozen other employees.
Past initiatives to lobby Washington over the weakness of the dollar failed to win German support, but comments on Monday by the German finance minister suggested that stance might be changing.
“We always do it nice and rough.” That song won a Grammy Award for best R&B performance by a group.
And the longer this conflict has gone on — nearly 60 years now, with the Israeli occupation 40 years old — everything becomes more bitter, more entrenched.
I thought they were a mistake.” He said he decided to take on the issue of the inequality because “I’m a New Yorker and this sort of egalitarianism is built in to many of us.” The first film, which will be shown at warongreed.org beginning today, tries to explain what Mr. Greenwald describes as the excesses and perils of private equity in a lighthearted way.
Mr. Trippi said the campaign expects to end the third quarter with about $9 million in cash on hand, having raised $7 million in the quarter and $30 million so far this year; public financing would provide a lump payment of as much as $21 million at the beginning of the year, matching the first $250 from each Edwards contributor.
It has also led to the designation of nine rock formations as heritage sites, including the Bear’s Nose, which is to sit smack inside a proposed hotel in what is known as the Cyber City neighborhood.
It also seems that absinthe had a peculiar relationship to the birth of modernism, as if it distilled some aspect of the cultural revolution that began in the mid-19th century and came into its prime just as the drink was banned.
Mr. Jackson says it’s about respect for Quechan culture, and a new willingness on the part of Indians to stand up to the local establishment after centuries of not having a say.
An Apache gunship was behind us.
The program included works by Lois V. Vierk and Jeffrey Brooks, two composers whose association with Bang on a Can extend back to its formative days.
The military said it was searching for an insurgent leader believed to be associated with the elite Iranian Quds Force, which American intelligence sources believe is working in Iraq to foment violent activity by some Shiite militias.
The company’s chief executive, Michael A. Depatie, has said he wants to double the company’s hotels by 2012, and increase its hotels in the New York market to 20 by 2017.
To meet Al Davis’s demands for more seating for his football team, crews put up a wedge of individual seats that knocked out the bleachers — the wooden planks on which fans used to bake themselves in the summer sun.
It’s Reno Mahe, who was the Eagles’ semi-regular punt returner the past three seasons.
Fifth place went to “Hitman,” the gory video game adaptation from Fox, which grossed $5.8 million.
These prospective business deals and others drove up a broad range of stocks.
The United States and European countries on the Security Council circulated a new resolution calling for independence for Kosovo , the breakaway province of Serbia, and delaying carrying out the plan for four months, but Russia , whose objections to a previous version led to the revision, rejected it.
For my taste, a little goes a long way.
The radiant beauty of the musicians’ tone became appropriately grittier for Bartok’s String Quartet No.
He was our great patron and builder whose work on our behalf and that of Israeli youth will never be forgotten.
The Soviets claimed that both moles had been unearthed by close surveillance.
To keep up with the growing strains put on the Internet by both legitimate users and online attackers, a Silicon Valley company is undertaking a $100 million expansion of a crucial part of the system that speeds Web users to their destinations.
According to polls, a majority of the population is unhappy with American foreign policy under the Bush administration, in particular with the war in Iraq.
A magnificent woman with a big heart and a zest for life who touched all who knew her.
But our ministry of culture is reacting, by being more open to influences from abroad.” In France, said Alexandra Bansch, a German who danced with Béjart Ballet Lausanne, “What’s incredibly important is the perfection of the body.” Having danced in Hamburg for choreographers including John Neumeier and Kevin Hagen, she said, she observed that “many Americans did not exactly have perfect bodies,” but American choreographers might hire them anyway because “they had incredible energy, charisma, strong motivation.” Ms. Desnoës continues to bubble over with projects.
In “Indigena,” a frenetic 10-minute work, she captures that cultural clash: astringent atonality meets Caribbean dancing in a meeting not just festive, but also mind-rattling and uneasy.
The kitchen and great room have access to a deck.
“I felt down because I thought I was getting nowhere.” Then, early last month, while still in her part-time nanny job, she enrolled in EarnMore.
But this time, he doesn’t appear to believe it himself.
The disease is ultimately fatal.
“A lot of you already know this,” he said of his wife’s work on education issues in Arkansas, “because I talked about it when I was running.” Even without the allusions to the old days, his speech seemed strangely reminiscent of that first campaign, and not necessarily in a good way.
Now a 32-year-old real estate broker with 5- and 6-year-old daughters, Mr. Kazakov knew when he began searching for a home last year that he need not look beyond the area where he had first become acquainted with the United States.
If this was water music, it was alive with glints of sunlight and recorder off the waves, the undercurrent of a jolly bassoon, the fresh breeze of two wonderful woody oboes.
Schedule: (212) 817-1861; preludenyc.org .
While standing on the dock, Swift breathed slowly and deeply as Rosenfeld told her there was no reason to panic.
Their mother has rebelled against her mother’s privileged country-club life on Long Island, while their Harvard-educated father, who hails from a family of New England eccentrics, seems to regard petty trouble-making as a philosophical stance toward the world.
On Nov. 16, the jury returned to the courtroom and addressed the Galveston County district judge, Frank Carmona.
The consensus estimate of analysts has earnings increasing 13 percent from the year-earlier quarter, to about $2.15 billion, or $1.47 a share, on a 5 percent rise in revenue, to nearly $23.1 billion.
No matter who designs it, the current espresso machine is blobby, bulbous and laughably overcomplicated.
SUNS 127, KINGS 111 Shawn Marion and Steve Nash led a 47-point first quarter, and host Phoenix beat Sacramento for its seventh consecutive victory.
Their eyeballs — green on recent nights — flash on and off, unearthly Halloween masks high above the din of Herald Square.
And he displays sincere interest in Chris’s roiling emotions, which are grasped only by his best friend and roommate, the blind ex-criminal Lewis (Jeff Daniels).
We extend our heartfelt condolences to Barbra Locker and her family.
As The Boston Globe noted two years into the six-year (and counting) battle, the Danes brought in wind power as more of a public trust, with a farm just off Copenhagen’s harbor, the Danish government promoting it, subsidizing it, splitting ownership between the municipal utility and 8,500 individuals.
Amgen had already stopped hiring and put off some factory construction this year.
Spring's candy-colored accessories are more tart than sweet.
On far too many occasions, the president has sacrificed the interests of poor children to what he deems higher budgetary or ideological priorities.
Vaudeville becomes a gaudily confined parallel world, pushing Mr. Amelan and the costume designer, Liz Prince, to more and more happy excesses.
But lawyers and title insurers say the law may have some unintended consequences.
“I thought they would have to let it be known that it was a lemon.” A few states to the west, Julia and Manuel Moreno found themselves on the other end of a transaction involving a used lemon.
The singing was uniformly winning.
“Freedom to express dissent against our leaders has traditionally been a core American value,” she wrote by e-mail.
The procedure, sometimes called amniotomy, involves rupturing the amniotic membranes to speed contractions.
When he walked into the locker room Saturday morning, having not heard his phone ring but scheduled for treatment in the training room, he worried about whether he still belonged.
Perhaps you once bought a yearlong gym membership or had a three-month supply of healthful meals delivered to your doorstep.
If you didn’t do anything wrong, why would you mind me coming here today?” Arbitrators called for a break to determine whether LeMond’s testimony could be allowed.
''He's not standing here right now,'' Mrs. Clinton said.
His next and last story, “Errand,” about Chekhov’s death, was rich and different in yet another way, and it made Ray’s own death just a year or so later seem all the crueler.
Elizabeth Edwards has been the trailblazer, criticizing Mrs. Clinton regularly, to the point of saying that Mr. Edwards would be better than Mrs. Clinton on issues that matter to women.
In some cases, the technology is offered buildingwide.
That’s when Greenspan gave every appearance of endorsing the president’s grossly irresponsible tax-cut proposal.
Fires don’t usually spread in the high desert — there’s not enough ground cover.
The spokesman, Tony Fratto, said, “The privilege assertions remain intact.” Legal experts said that while the executive privilege is a murky legal area, Mr. Rove had a valid claim that it remained in effect after he left the White House.
Professor Roach said his desire to find a place for performance studies, and particularly dance, at Yale crystallized when he met Ms. Coates, then an undergraduate in her early 30s and an established dancer.
Overall sales of new software licenses, a closely watched measure in the corporate software business, grew 17 percent to $2.48 billion.
But then you have the glue that really holds everything together.
Ms. Sutton introduced “Sometimes I’m Happy” as a “kind of optimistic” song that “tells the truth about love,” and delivered a tart, dry-eyed reading that emphasized the co-dependent aspect of having a “disposition” “depends on you.” And “Happy Days Are Here Again” became a frantic, self-hyping burst of euphoria.
Philadelphia had an 11-3 lead against St. Louis on Monday night, but the Cardinals scored five runs against Clay Condrey, one against José Mesa and two against Antonio Alfonseca for an 11-11 tie.
“Everybody wants to earn as much as he can.”
The ski trails cross piles of tailings and wind past old trestles and mine shafts.
Eight months after the first reports of horrifying government neglect, Mr. Bush has called for swift action on blue-ribbon recommendations to reform an antiquated system dating to World War II.
What better toy for such times than one that evolves — or degenerates — along with you, creating a portrait as fleeting as memory itself?
It’s peppy, clap-along, brittle pop, unpolished but immediately likable.
The works, she contended, belonged to her father-in-law, the art dealer Jacques Goudstikker, who bought them from the Soviets in 1931.
Mr. Xu played the second movement’s lyrical passages soulfully, with dark, pensive tones from the orchestra amplifying the mood.
1, the city’s newly crowned best subway line, so honored about two weeks ago when the Straphangers Campaign , a rider advocacy group, named the No.
A second document, a copy of a handwritten note under Mr. Nazarbayev’s letterhead, disputed the mission’s conclusion angrily.
That was not so incongruous an offer as it sounds now.
So you can bang your head up against a stone wall all you want.” Mr. Giuliani asserted that per capita taxes and spending under Mr. Romney had increased while per capita taxes and spending under him as mayor had fallen.
He barely mentions Columbia, training ground for the elite, where he transferred in his junior year, majoring in political science and international relations and writing his thesis on Soviet nuclear disarmament.
It was remade into an inn in the 1930s when it was named for the crest of the Scottish clan, Ferguson (the surname of a friend of the owner).
A United States Olympic official said yesterday that Jones’s medals were likely to be returned to the I.O.C.’s offices in Lausanne within the next week.
“A game like this, we get one or two goals on the power play and we win,” Lundqvist said.
Ms. Albright, for instance, recently joined former President Bill Clinton to help raise $1 million in a week for Mrs. Clinton, while Ms. Ferraro, a contributor on Fox News, recently told people there that she or another Clinton surrogate should appear whenever someone known to hold strong views against Mrs. Clinton is invited on air to talk politics.
And on Monday, at the World Forum on the Future of Democracy at Colonial Williamsburg here, Gates delivered a speech that could define the center ground of American foreign policy.
His father, also retired, was the executive vice president of Hargro Fabrics, a family-owned textile business in New York.
“We're a science museum, and we stick to that.” Mr. and Mrs. Samuel, meanwhile, felt little sense of conflict as they toured the Hall of Human Origins in New York.
“Reference” and “privilege” are used relentlessly as verbs, as in “referencing late capitalism” or “privileging the male gaze.” Artists “imbricate” ideological subtexts into their images.
People deserve the total experience that opera has advertised itself as providing, a union of all the arts.” In the view of Renée Fleming, one of the world’s leading sopranos, who appears in “La Traviata” and “Otello” at the Met this season, it may indeed be the people in the seats who are largely driving the rise in standards.
Services Monday, August 13, 12pm, Gutterman's Memorial Chapel, Woodbury, NY, burial follows at Calverton National Cemetery.
The war in Iraq has produced two Medal of Honor recipients, most recently in January when Marine Cpl.
She also contends that Rios should not have been awarded redress.
It epitomized the architect’s own delight in crossing temporal and cultural boundaries.
But painting, fortunately, took precedence over the Game among his personal priorities, and it is good to see his work again, with its utter disregard for what’s current art world currency.
Many times bridal parties venturing into the park have stumbled upon the tango worshipers “and just joined in,” Mr. Castro said.
Veterans from this state on average receive relatively low payments, $8,268 per year, according to 2005 V.A.
Flights to and from the United States are packed, malls full of U.S. brands.
It’s an annual reminder that our ability to enjoy something as simple as a game of basketball comes with a cost, and we should never take for granted our freedoms or forget the heroes who make it all possible.” Yesterday, about 45 soldiers rode by bus from the hospital to San Antonio International Airport; American Airlines donated their flights to Dallas.
Mobs of Web users have been known to identify, locate and harass people they read about, usually for what are seen as moral lapses, like sexual infidelity.
The wind took a lie-in, waiting until early afternoon to make its appearance, and Ochoa was one of the early starters who took full advantage of the relatively benign conditions.
So we wandered the site of the former Jewish quarter, spotting only a few instances of Jewish stars and Hebrew writing chiseled into buildings, then feeling a little more hopeful when we reached the restored synagogue on Pylimo Street, one of the few Jewish institutions to survive the war.
According to a Fire Department spokesman, firefighters discovered excessive debris and exposed walls and joists in unoccupied apartments there on Tuesday, conditions that could cause a fire to race through the site.
But it fell to Ms. Essman, as it does so often, to draw Mr. David into a spiral of narcissism and one-upmanship.
And though Jean Paul Gaultier had a pirate theme in his show on Tuesday night, the swimming layers and cocked hats produced the opposite of defiance and courage.
Before the ceremony, guests mingled in the museum’s 1916 Italianate villa.
Perhaps it’s surprising that there aren’t more disasters.
The cool factor of these two pieces has made them early-summer retail sleepers, so get them while they last.
For developers in New York, parking is the highest and best use for below-grade space and fetches about the same price per square foot as actual living space, which costs much more to develop.
“This is the real deal out here.” Mr. Soter and his wife, Michelle, come from the Portland area originally.
But the closest I have recently seen to such a world-running body would have to be a certain large investment bank, whose alums are routinely Treasury secretaries, high advisers to presidents, and occasionally a governor or United States senator.
But I knew it was just an illusion.
Many in the cable industry also regard Mr. Dressler as a mentor.
6 Arizona State on Saturday, the Ducks unveiled a nationwide television spot on ESPN that promoted the senior quarterback Dennis Dixon for the Heisman Trophy.
The sale of bonds will pay for the cleanup and site preparation, and the bonds will be paid off by diverting $377 million from an estimated $1.4 billion in new taxes that the area will generate in the next 30 years.
But its allusion to warfare may also be a clue — subtle as a shotgun blast to the face — as to why revenge movies are making a comeback this season, as politics bleeds over into another film genre.
... Jeff Kent said he would return to the Los Angeles Dodgers for a fourth season.
Travel is by motor coach and rates start at $2,145 for a shared room.
After the first several days, respiratory gear became more readily available to firefighters and other workers, but city records indicate that compliance with rules for respirator use was spotty through the entire nine months of the cleanup.
Abortion and same-sex marriage landed at the bottom of that list; fighting poverty outpolled abortion as a personal priority by a 3-to-2 margin.
Arthur Sulzberger Jr., the publisher of The Times, is dismissed no less peremptorily: ''I worried that Sulzberger, consciously or unconsciously, saw strident, uncompromising defiance of the courts as a way to redeem his and his paper's reputations, regaining the glory days of the Pentagon Papers with Abrams.
But perhaps even more interesting is how technology can allow stories to emerge where a game’s makers wrote none.
It would have worked out perfectly, but I then made a mistake coming into the pit lane and that was it.” With Hamilton out of the race, Raikkonen continued in the lead, followed by Alonso.
And Chief Justice Roberts may well join them in a future case.
You’ve got to compare teams, but the tie breaker is the quarterback.” But Wolf uses another accounting.
“If you ran three, maybe four marathons a year, you might only run five years instead of 10,” he said.
Cubes of lip balm ($14) and the subtly fragrant Hibiscus Monoi body oil ($68).
“The cool stripes aren’t only fashionable, they keep small animals and deer and stuff away from your car — they don’t like the smell,” he said.
He is also chief scientific officer at the AlphaSimplex Group, a hedge fund management firm in Cambridge, Mass.
Republicans were stung by the defection of Senator Chuck Hagel of Nebraska, who has not supported a timetable for withdrawal before although he is his party’s most outspoken critic of the war in Congress.
Economy can make the difference between being fast and being slow, between winning and losing in swimming to skiing, cycling to speed skating, running to rowing.
(Photo by Jim Rider/South Bend Tribune, via Associated Press)
“Don’t think I care any less than Rudy Giuliani or Mitt Romney about making sure that my daughters don’t get blown up,” Mr. Obama said, his voice rising.
“They’ve been so full, these boys,” he said, “they’ve had a full buffet here for weeks.”
People Morgan Stanley named Andy Shinn and Aaron Sack as executive directors at its private equity business.
That probably has more to do with it than anything.” Plenty of conditions have conspired to make the N.F.L.
One of the ministers was believed to be the pilot, he said.
Concerts held each year behind the restaurant used to showcase many performers, including Mr. Jones, who had a lengthy stint on the television series “Hee-Haw,” and Jimmie Davis, the two-time governor of Louisiana who popularized the standard “You Are My Sunshine.” Those concerts ended in 2004.
But what else was there to do but examine the facts?
“I’m always looking for accessible focal points for people to approach big problems,” Mr. Collier said.
OUTDOOR SPACE: There is a patio on the main level and a deck off of the master bedroom on the upper level; both have ocean views.
The Third Circuit Court of Appeals has not ruled in the CBS case.
Sept. 16 through Jan. 7 at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles, (213) 626-6222; moca.org .
PRODUCER Joe Slade White and Company.
One in Perth Amboy behind Staten Island , because the water would leak around the back into the harbor from the ocean.
“The idea is to be more exclusive, to be very different from your traditional kind of advertising,” said Sandrine Huijgen, marketing director for consumer electronics at Philips.
“The first thing they need to do is reach out to the host nation, but I don’t think they are going to do that before the United States has concluded its investigation,” the official said.
Yield : 4 to 5 servings.
General Musharraf heads this army, and is very reluctant to let go.
“We haven’t played this song in maybe 30 years,” he mused before starting into “Ballad of a Well-Known Gun,” the first of many gospel-inflected romps.
AMENITIES A swimming pool and a restaurant, among others.
Israelis anywhere in the world should also be alert to the danger of being kidnapped by operatives from Hezbollah, the Lebanese militant group, the National Security Council said on its Web site.
“I’m a myth,” he insisted.
The figures were adjusted to reflect 24 selling days this year and 25 last year.
(Photograph by Jeremy Sparig for The New York Times)
Here, there are dozens of Japanese monkeys as well as guides who can explain how they socialize.
The white-collar employees at Venezolana de Guayana, which manages many aspects of life in the city, say they do what they can to improve the situation.
Flo recently commissioned a survey that showed that 80 percent of business travelers would pay $99 a year just for a “consistently expeditious security-checkpoint process, without any other benefits” like a shoe scanner.
“And if you already have this aerial photography, then why not show it?”
Both ventures would collect fees from the buyers of electricity for providing the cable connections for transmitting it to consumers in the city.
Their power and allure derive in no small measure from their sentimentality, the nostalgic subject matter coupled with a rawness of execution.
At those temperatures, Dr. Lucenti said, people are stuttering and mumbling, unable to answer simple questions.
The report said he bought three kits of human growth hormone from Kirk Radomski, at $3,200 each, and also pointed a Seattle teammate, Ryan Franklin, in Radomski’s direction.
Until Torre, African-American players with deep organizational roots or others with post-playing aspirations watched a platoon of white colleagues play an ongoing game of musical managerial chairs.
The country is already the world’s largest user of coal, the dirtiest type of energy.
Ian Johnson scored from a yard out in the fourth overtime and Taylor Tharp lofted a short pass to Jeremy Avery on the 2-point conversion to help Boise State beat Nevada on Sunday night, 69-67.
To the thundering tune of AC/DC’s “You Shook Me All Night Long,” Mr. Lusk began gyrating atop the bull, drawing whistles and catcalls from some of the young women standing ringside.
First-timers sat at the periphery of the circle, avoiding eye contact with others.
The audience of about 1,800 people at last Thursday’s opening performance included three priests and a canon from All Saints Episcopal Church in neighboring Pasadena.
... Billy Graham called me a Pastor to the Nation.” Obviously, this attention to public relations often related to genuine principles and firm policy objectives — anti-Communism, reduced government, balanced budgets, support for deployment of the MX missile system, commitment to the right-wing contras in Nicaragua, dislike for Muammar el-Qaddafi of Libya and many more.
Instead, it treats the locals of its drought-ravaged third-world country as if they were Westerners — so successfully, in fact, that one wonders, early in the book, whether this nameless country is not some alternative-reality third-world Britain.
Every one of the house-made treats was memorable.
It is all laid out in the MomsRising documentary, which was shown in Washington on Sept. 28 to a crowd that included Senator Ted Kennedy and presidential candidates Hillary Rodham Clinton (her office helped organize the screening), Barack Obama and Christopher J. Dodd.
It was U.S.C.’s eighth consecutive victory over Arizona State.
These things don’t always cause problems.” Shay’s longtime coach, Joe Vigil, said that his runners went through extensive performance tests twice a year measuring things like oxygen usage and heart rate during intense exercise, and that Shay always had excellent results.
Blair Effron, a former banker at UBS who started his own boutique firm, Centerview Partners, spent many nights holed up at Mr. Murdoch’s headquarters, as did Stanley S. Shuman of Allen & Co., the media investment bank.
Public indifference, in turn, may bolster the ideologically convenient notion that Hollywood is out of touch with the American people, and also the economically convenient idea that people go to the movies to escape the problems of the world rather than to confront them.
Set on a hillside in the tiny town of Bathsheba, the two-story, colonial-style hotel has oceanview verandahs and attractive rooms with wicker chairs, four-poster beds and wood-slat walls.
There are another one and a half bathrooms, a great room with a fireplace, a backyard patio and a two-car garage.
At Real Art Ways and at the Aldrich, Mr. Doyle built elevated wooden ramps snaking around the inside of the spaces.
All are balanced on a knife’s edge of profitability.
Sometimes, when I’m in an especially melancholic mood, I think that the answer is no.
But after inspection by a team of microbiologists, the government has approved a new treatment of the blemishes with a fungicide and ordered that the cave be sealed off for as long as four months so that its delicate environment can be stabilized.
Mr. Tommaso bent down and wrestled No.
Investigators have looked deeply into the Orioles, among other organizations.
“This is nothing we wanted,” he said at the news conference.
“They grinded out the whole game and came at us with everything they had.
Staten Island Botanical Garden, (718) 273-8200; www.sibg.org .
I was concerned that I would present this person within the envelope of an art form.” But soon he relaxed into it, lulled by the clicking of the camera and the woman’s comfort with her body.
Adored sister of Adele Vexler.
and a successful president,” said Mr. Richardson, who served in President Clinton’s cabinet, as Mrs. Clinton smiled.
“If we simply purchased Gardasil for every eligible girl each year, it would cost 25 percent of every dollar I collect,” said Dr. Herschel R. Lessin, medical director of Children’s Medical Group, a practice with more than 20 doctors based in Poughkeepsie, N.Y.
Republicans marched in mindless lockstep with the president.
He heard sea gulls, from outside.
The Yankees had lost three of their previous four games, but they restored their two-game lead over the Mariners in the American League wild-card race.
 But Anderson sits in his Dublin cell, silent.
But there are no signs of the Joba mania that has swept Manhattan.
Mr. Moss bobs back and forth in a customized awkwardness designed to keep opponents off balance.
Recently, though, Vodafone, one of the world’s largest cellular operators, agreed to offer Ovi.
John P. Connolly, below, the national president of the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists, will step down in March to become the national executive director of Actors' Equity Association, the two unions announced yesterday.
Twelve of the top 20 were government officials; five were former government officials.
Of all of us, Clementine was the one whose fingers danced across the laptop like Mozart played the clavier.
“It’s a real challenge to play here if the fans are supporting the other guy.
The valley was spared the worst of the racial tumult during apartheid, and I couldn’t help noticing that it seemed to have segued as gracefully into majority rule as anywhere I visited in South Africa.
“They stopped me from growing opium, so I don’t have money to send my children to school,” said one villager, Jeryeh Singya, 34, who has seven children.
The nearly year-round sunshine here in southern New Mexico, about 300 miles south of Santa Fe, doesn’t hurt, either.
A crowd of curious neighbors strained to see what was going on.
Mr. Ramadan maintained that from 1998 to 2002, when he made the donations to the charity, Association de Secours Palestinien, he did not know that it supported terrorism — specifically the Palestinian group Hamas.
A North Korean diplomat from the country’s United Nations mission visited orchestra officials a month later.
Jets officials declined to be interviewed about the halftime tradition at their home games.
That’s threatening, suggesting a failure of will that might prove contagious — or worse, capsize box-office investment.
A four-foot doorway allows a viewer to see into the car’s interior but restricts the ability to see the entire car without peering around a corner or past plants.
But that is so easy to say in this interview and so difficult to handle out there.” The biggest disappointment can occur when a driver loses the lead of a sure victory, as Massa did five laps from the end of the race in Germany when Alonso passed him.
Loving and devoted mother to Eric and Wendy.
Poland ’s ambassador to Iraq was wounded and two people were killed — an Iraqi civilian and a member of the ambassador’s security detail — in what appeared to be a coordinated roadside bomb attack on Wednesday morning in downtown Baghdad, Polish and Iraqi officials said.
Desserts were minimal, and not made on the premises.
JAGUARS DUMP LEFTWICH The Jacksonville Jaguars are parting ways with quarterback Byron Leftwich after four frustrating, injury-filled seasons.
All week, lawyers and stenographers, clerks and officers argued: Was his accent real?
“I think he for the most part was executing and put the ball where we thought it would go,” said Coach Bobby Petrino, who was also making his Falcons debut.
Bill Zagarino, Zagarino Realty (516) 785-0013; www.zagarinorealty.com Open house Sunday, 1 to 3 p.m. TAXES: $15,997 a year PROS: The house borders Sunken Meadow State Park and is a half mile from the park's sandy Long Island Sound beach.
Mitchell’s report, about 400 pages, devotes roughly 2,500 words to Clemens, who has 354 career victories and seven Cy Young Awards.
After South Africa was chosen as the host of the 2010 Cup, work on constructing or renovating 10 stadiums began so slowly that there were strong fears they might not be finished in time.
Photos ( Photographs by Kate Glicksberg for The New York Times)
Sprint Nextel ended a three-month review for its creative account by selecting Goodby, Silverstein & Partners in San Francisco, part of the Omnicom Group, for the assignment.
In many ways, the ranch-house redux is a model home: the key pieces of furniture are there to suggest a specific familial presence, but the clutter of personal ephemera has been swept under the rug.
IT'S tough to slap an itinerary on Key West .
Hal died peacefully July 28, 2007.
The charges include 91 counts of assault and 27 of cruelty and maltreatment.
What’s there will be plenty: more than enough elevated conversation for anyone to absorb fully, though a few hardy souls may try.
There was one black juror.
Dungy addressed the turnover early, scribbling the names of important former Colts on a blackboard before training camp.
Mr. Bush created the template by doing everything possible to keep the sacrifice of American armed forces in Iraq off-camera, forbidding photos of coffins and skipping military funerals.
The best memoirs reveal something surprising about the inner lives of athletes, the kind of thoughtfulness and angst that exists out of the range of the network cameras or the sports pages.
“Mom would even let you hold the Dunster House senior party in the Map Room!” Ms. Clinton might say.
Under the new rules, if the Social Security Administration finds that an applicant’s information does not match its database, employers could be required to fire the worker or risk being fined up to $10,000 for knowingly hiring an illegal immigrant.
A week later I joined up with a crew of talented standup paddlers in San Diego, who were in town for the annual Action Sports Retailer show.
Castillo said last month that he would probably begin a rehabilitation program in the off-season to strengthen his knees, but that he would not need surgery.
There has been less attention paid to the concentration of these loans in neighborhoods that are largely black, Hispanic, or both.
The modern era is entered with a jolt as one moves directly from a bucolic family portrait by the British artist Paul Sandby, from the late 1780s, to Edward Coley Burne-Jones’s stark gouache on blue paper, “Phineus and His Courtiers Turned to Stone,” done nearly a century later.
He recalled 2003, another year of high temperatures.
After its Nov. 6 hearing, a panel of the board voted 2 to 1 to free Dr. Friedgood, a wealthy Long Island surgeon who was convicted of the 1975 murder of his ailing wife, Sophie.
(The market is still small compared with time-share sales, which were approximately $10 billion last year, up from $8.6 billion in 2005, according to the American Resort Development Association.)
The team’s equipment manager, Joey Qatato, was struck in his arms and was treated at a hospital.
Teasing it out of a computer might well have him rolling over under his tulip tree.
You hop into your rental car and drive straight to Buca di Beppo on North Front Street, where supersize pasta dishes are served family style.
in Portland, Ore., and finds that someone has made a deposit to his bank account.
Blueberry Blvd., LLC GILBERT--Harvard, of Boca Raton, FL, formerly of Massapequa, NY passed peacefully on October 18 at age 79.
A Democrat who makes a believable case that these problems can be dealt with effectively — and who asks the public to roll up its sleeves and join in such an effort — can win.
ON its way to becoming the nation’s largest mortgage lender, the Countrywide Financial Corporation encouraged its sales force to court customers over the telephone with a seductive pitch that seldom varied.
At the IFC Center, 323 Avenue of the Americas, at Third Street, Greenwich Village.
What was your first passport stamp?
I loved it.” Whether it’s in a group setting or just among friends, an honest discussion gets rolling only when someone, courageously, goes first.
Everything changed when I met Steve.” On May 19, her father, John Jay Mortimer, in a morning coat, stood by the door at St. Thomas Episcopal Church on Fifth Avenue, as guests entered like a bicoastal credit roll: Amanda Burden, Wes Anderson, Louise Grunwald, Charlie Rose, Jeffrey Wright and Ashley and Ogden Phipps II.
Carpets throughout are the color of tobacco, with a burgundy red pattern.
For them, back then, it was a doctor or some other known job.” Ms. Cariappa, now 28, went through a gamut of jobs, all of them fruits of the new economy: first at an advertising agency, then a call center, a bank, and finally she decided she would try her hand at designing clothes.
In 1995, Leyritz hit a two-run game-winning home run in the 15th inning of Game 2 of the Yankees’ division series against Seattle.
It changes the way everyone acts.” Pat A.
He graduated cum laude from Harvard with a bachelor’s degree in classics and later attended Cambridge University in England, from which he received bachelor’s and master’s degrees, both in social and political science.
He said some of Quality Payroll’s clients were required to pay the taxes with interest because the payments were not made on time.
Peter II was 11 years old when he became king in 1934 after the assassination of his father, Alexander I.
Beloved husband of Dorothy, loving father of Steven, Janet and Carolyne, proud grandfather of Elli, Diane and Stephanie, brother of Irving.
WHEN it comes to making a bed, there are two kinds of people: those who like comforters and those who prefer blankets.
The standard line on Hollywood is that though the studios still exist, the system no longer does, having long been dismantled.
A car guy’s background is invaluable in one sense, Mr. Petersen said.
PHILADELPHIA, JUNE 29 Mets fans barge down the turnpike and strut during a day-night doubleheader victory, just as José Reyes and friends exhibit elaborate choreography to celebrate every silly thing.
At some airports, Vino Volo even has a cold takeout case stocked with half and full bottles of pinot grigios and chardonnays.
Deborah Wadsworth, Chairman Elizabeth Coleman, President Bennington College
In the book’s appendix was an account of events in Beaufort Inlet off the coast of North Carolina in June 1718, when Blackbeard’s ship, the Queen Anne’s Revenge, was lost.
Market volatility may also foster more deals.
You have to find just the right spot — the far back of the room, slightly to the right — to make the reflections of light disappear from the canvas.
The police can detain the wrong five cars.
But then I said: “Of course I don’t know these things, Mr. B.
His teacher, Mary Lepore, explained that when Mrs. Dolan says the prayers over the loudspeaker, the children must stand up, but when they say their snack prayer, they must sit down.
They are also tests for Mr. Varone’s fine dancers, seasoned performers who move, too, like pushing, pooling water.
In the first half of the year, the computer industry contributed $2.2 million to all candidates in the primary, up from $1.2 million in the first six months of each of the last two presidential primary races.
He’d asked me to help him tend bar pending the arrival of his 25-year-old son, the Kid, who was going to be my doubles partner.
“She had all these questions and wanted to make sure we each could cover the rent if one of us were to leave,” Ms. Blumenthal said.
State and federal officials could not confirm that on Monday.
Last summer, a friend confessed that her boyfriend’s postcoital routine often included an abrupt shift from the bed to the computer so he could check on his fantasy baseball team.
With a cry of “It’s Christmastime!
Striped bass is one of the few examples of the latter.
You always were, and will be the life of our party.
Almost every weekend since, I have found time to play my magical time machine, which is now electronically rigged to avoid having to pay for my favorite songs.
Nureyev referred to his childhood as his “potato period,” when that vegetable was the main sustenance and “six people and a dog” lived in one room, freezing throughout the long, bitter winters.
Be prepared, too, for a less obvious loss: serendipity.
I do not remember turning to him and asking him, please, to take my pack.
There were smoke detectors on the first and second floors, fire officials said, but only the one on the first floor worked.
Earlier this week, Mr. Iguarán visited Washington — Colombia’s largest financial backer — to ask for more money to help such investigations.
Nobody’s done any different moves.
CREDIT CARDS All major cards.
July 8, 1925August 10, 2006.
Some leading medical centers also use expensive robotic guidance systems from companies like Hansen Medical and Stereotaxis.
None of my squash ever made it past the flower stage.
Reading one will prompt an interest in the other.
I was starting to see why a mere 84 Facebook applications accounted for 87 percent of the use, as the technology consultants at O’Reilly Research reported.
Olsen’s list of indiscretions is long, especially for someone who has spent less than two full seasons in the big leagues.
“And when he realized that he didn’t have the level of blindness that he expected, he moved to terminate the trust.” Mr. Obama has made ethics a signature issue, and his quest for the presidency has benefited from the perception that he is unlike politicians who blend public and private interests.
“Our Pentagon reporters were working at full capacity on stories relating to the ‘surge’ in Iraq and the allegations of Iranian meddling there,” he wrote.
But most existing government programs have powerful constituencies, and programs that lack such strong defenders are not always the most suitable candidates for cuts.
It may have been painful, but it’s probably just a stumble by a bull market that still has room to run.
‘As president of 9/11, I will usher in a bold new 9/11 for all.’ If elected, Giuliani would inherit the duties of current 9/11 President George W. Bush, including making grim facial expressions, seeing the world’s conflicts in terms of good and evil, and carrying a bullhorn at all state functions.” Like all good satire, the story made me both laugh and cry, because it reflected something so true — how much, since 9/11, we’ve become “The United States of Fighting Terrorism.” Times columnists are not allowed to endorse candidates, but there’s no rule against saying who will not get my vote: I will not vote for any candidate running on 9/11.
Thousands upon thousands of women have been brought here from Asia and elsewhere and funneled into the sex trade, joining those who are already here and in the business but unable to keep up with the ferocious demand.
She also encourages readers of her e-mail newsletter and her Web site to donate to the food bank.
In an extremely rare move, the State Ethics Commission issued a subpoena this week to a reporter involved in the ethics scandal surrounding Gov.
Instead of taking the (relatively) easy way up — that Van Hoevenberg Trail, which runs about 15 miles round trip and is a fairly steadily paced ascent — we improvised a bit, so we could see Lake Tear of the Clouds while we were in the neighborhood of the mountain’s peak.
NATO officials say they make every effort to avoid civilian casualties, and they accuse the Taliban of basing their fighters in houses and using civilians as human shields.
The other 30 percent is cabernet sauvignon, which gives this wine more structure.
David Flashner thought he had it wired: buy two iPhones last Friday when they first went on sale, keep one and sell the other at a profit so big it would pay for most of the first one.
He looks distant and distracted.
Other annual film events include the Documentary Film Festival in March; the Crashfest, devoted to short films by emerging young filmmakers, in April; and the Videodance Festival in May.
It is a sharp break from a tradition stretching back to the industry’s infancy, when car builders became chiefs of the companies that bore their names.
“Radical fundamentalists are waging a world war,” he said, calling the United States invasion a necessary response to Islamic terrorism.
The Nikon D3 will sell for $5,000, and the Canon Mark III will cost $8,000; both cameras ship in November.
I expect this bleak, black crowd-pleaser (yep) will barge its way onto Broadway sooner rather than later.
To Ron Kainer, the first at-bat represented a significant step.
Among adults 18 to 49, ABC led for the night, with CBS and NBC second and third.
CBS broadcast repeats of its regular Monday- and Tuesday-night lineups, leading on Monday in total viewers but trailing well behind on Tuesday.
“We find it troubling.” Mr. Quick said in an interview that he would decide in January whether the withheld evidence was important enough to have affected the verdict.
One of the many intriguing aspects of Marsh’s tale is that the “erratic, independent course” she pursued on that East Indian excursion came to an end in July 1776, just as Britain’s American colonies declared their own independence.
After a long career at Columbia University, she retired as Alumni Director of College of Physicians and Surgeons.
The early stage trial, which had 127 participants, was mainly devised to test the safety of the treatment.
“My wife says it takes me 60 seconds to clear my throat.” Speaking of his wife, Michelle Obama delivered a similar warning when she campaigned earlier this week in New Hampshire.
Late last year, the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative, a global nonprofit company that hopes to speed the development of an H.I.V.
Why, they ask, has religion thrived so much more in America than in the rest of the industrialized democracies (where, by now, only tiny minorities still go to church)?
David Nalbandian, the runner-up at Wimbledon in 2002, closed out the day’s schedule by sweeping Xavier Malisse off the court, 6-4, 6-4, 6-2, in 1:50.
“I think the urge to have a home goes hand in hand with the desire for partnership and friendship,” Ms. Beach said.
With five games left in the regular season, a period that will determine if the Mets can laugh about a ragged September or weep through October, they are trying to find the old, electrifying Reyes.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
We’re definitely not taking a loss on this.” Nevertheless, he says that “it was a challenge to raise capital.” “We had to get financial partners to really understand Cortex and the people who are there and believe in what the area is going to be.” The new building, which is scheduled to be finished in 2008, will be occupied by the Solae Company, a soy-based food additives company.
The agency described the rules as an effort to fix problems that led to the Sago Mine explosion on Jan. 2, 2006, and another lethal one last May in Kentucky.
Aside from stellar paintings, what recommends this show is a wealth of priceless collectibles and rare, uncommon items.
This is a military, diplomatic, intelligence and cyberspace challenge.
Such a multiple for Giuliani Capital Advisors would generate a price of about $76 million, based on the 2005 revenue figure.
Milton did not say anything to him to get him to do that.” Bradley, who had flipped his bat in disgust after a called third strike to end the fifth inning, said that Winters told the home-plate umpire, Brian Runge, that he believed Bradley had flipped his bat at Runge.
The duo’s previous album, “Hillbilly Deluxe,” mixed rowdy bar songs (like “Play Something Country,” a No.
Video cameras film the scene, the tabletop rotating to create the impression of movement, with the footage computer-processed and then played back live in a projection on an adjacent wall.
But who will the buyers be?
In Germany, Mr. Nasir said he was one of those innocent people, and his lawyer, Manfred Gnjidic, said he was going to contest the German investigation of his client.
When Tannhäuser disgraces himself by singing a scandalously explicit ode to love at the song contest, he is exiled and urged to seek repentance through a pilgrimage to Rome.
The 2006 numbers are not yet available.
We will miss him deeply.
The desire of consumers for better access to a doctor has also given rise to “concierge medicine,” in which they pay thousands of dollars annually to get convenient, no-wait appointments.
The couple had a month to challenge the charges.
New England, which plays host to Cleveland this week, and Dallas, which plays Buffalo (1-3), could each be 5-0 when they collide at Texas Stadium on Oct. 14.
Rosanjin ** 141 Duane Street, between West Broadway and Church Streets; (212) 346-0664.
There was no music or food.
How could I do that even to .
RUSSERT: Critics say that if you attack Iran, there will be riots in every Muslim capital, the Iranians will flood Iraq with more explosives and money for the Shiite militias.
Father Fay remains a priest but has been stripped of all authority to perform public duties.
Avenida is no taco-enchilada-chimichanga parlor (nor are its prices!).
Of those who reported having had sex during a three-month period in 2005, 63 percent — about 9 million — said they used condoms.
Sales in the United States of Ambien and Lunesta alone last year exceeded $3 billion.
Using a slotted spoon, transfer to the prepared baking sheet.
“A few years ago, you would have had load factors in the high 60s and low 70s, but when they got up to over 90 percent this summer, which means that most airplanes are taking off full, that became a deal changer.
Seven of the top 10 areas in the country for underage binge drinking are in the West.
Gordon has four victories, so he will start with 5,040.
But beyond that, there are a host of other problems created by years of conflict: 70 percent of Iraqis lack regular access to clean water, and 80 percent lack toilets that do not contaminate water sources, according to the report.
The crash started around 6:45 a.m. on a rainy stretch of the Indiana Toll Road.
“We get e-mails literally every day from people across the country saying, ‘Hey, we note your product is made in China — is it still safe for my dog or cat?’ ” said Gerry Brostek, chief executive of Penn-Plax Plastics, which manufactures toys under brands like Rruff Stuff and Purr-Pet.
But when the mood is playful, she can also enfold you in a musical bear hug.
But he did not want one of the gracious 19th-century brownstones, which give the neighborhood its solid middle-class character.
But the Hamilton team has erred, too.
Let’s dispense with the asterisk.
ON a sultry August afternoon in the Forest Hill district of Newark, Julie Hodge trimmed the lower branches of a pine tree growing across the property line of her brick colonial house, hoping to convince her neighbors that the whole tree didn’t need to come down.
“There is a good question about why they even pay residuals in the first place,” said S. Abraham Ravid, a visiting professor of economics at Cornell, who recently studied how studios price screenplays differently, based on writers’ box-office track records.
They deal with carbon dioxide emissions, which are closely correlated with fuel economy, as well as other heat-trapping gases, including those in automobile air-conditioning units, which are not tied to fuel economy.
There are connectors for external microphones and a line in for musical instruments.
For six of those days she said she “lay on a cold, hard floor, all alone, just shaking and detoxing.” “On that sixth day, I got up and took a shower,” she said, “and that was that.” Two years after they were introduced, their relationship turned a romantic corner, and the telephone soul mates decided to exchange photographs.
Play with online calculators to see the impact of saving money.
At least one-third of Iraq is under Iranian influence.
Even with 7 a.m. starts, these were uncommonly brutal tests of endurance and character.
The audience — fellow students, friends and relatives — raised and shook their hands in silent but thundering applause.
Some aides expressed doubt that the Senate could pass the renewable power mandate or the tax bill, both of which Mr. Bush has threatened to veto.
“I don’t like sleeveless,” she whispered about one blouse.
It might also help to avoid designing under the headings of “The 1940s” and “Great Women.” Whether she knows it or not, Ms. Giannini is a very good designer.
Jones intends to plead no contest to one charge of conspiracy to commit disorderly conduct, a gross misdemeanor, in return for a promise to suspend a sentence of one year in county jail, according to a written plea agreement obtained by The Associated Press.
The statement, issued through the official Saudi Press Agency, came two days after Gen. Mansour al-Turki, a ministry spokesman, said security forces had foiled a terrorist plot “aimed at harming security and damaging the hajj.” The press agency did not say whether the arrests were linked to the announcement on Friday of the foiled plot, but it noted that 27 of the 28 men arrested were Saudi citizens, and that they were part of a “deviant group,” a common official euphemism for Al Qaeda.
In one effort last week, during the debate on financing the Department of Homeland Security, Senator Edward M. Kennedy, Democrat of Massachusetts, sought a vote on an amendment that would combine the agricultural bill and the illegal immigrant student measure, but he did not succeed.
In late August, Countrywide was shut out of the market for short-term debt by an expanding credit crisis.
Her father, who is retired, was a C.P.A.
CONFERENCE rooms usually have digital projectors that presenters can use to show off PowerPoint slides and other visuals stored on their laptops.
The answer is that a 10 percent loss within a 5,000-member brigade is far more devastating than losing two members of a 20-man terrorist cell.
He fell out with the Vikings’ coaching staff, lost his enthusiasm and was traded in 2005 to the silver-and-black hole of Oakland.
“In the last three quarters, the airlines have done real well,” he said.
Huyghue had said Jones would not be wrestling.
Sheila Prince lives in a three-bedroom English Tudor in Springfield Gardens that she bought in 1965 when she came there seeking a safe neighborhood for her son.
If he were to resign as army chief, however, they would merely abstain and not invalidate the vote.
Beloved husband of Elaine Steinhauser for 51 years.
Each truck will be inspected for alterations that the authorities say have allowed the two companies to divert and resell $75 million worth of oil stolen over the last 17 years.
This is entirely technically feasible, and is necessary if communities located within fire-prone landscapes are to become sustainable.
They closed at $34.69, a decline of $5.51 that wiped out their gains in the year to date.
About 70 percent of the beverages people drink come in packages.
The sound came through with bloom, detail and richness.
Dr. ElBaradei said he believed that the Iranian leadership had decided to operate Natanz at less than full capacity.
Lately, glossy brochures and posters touting the property’s amenities have been scattered about too.
A lawyer for Mr. Jobs would say only that the court had not yet decided whether it would take the case.
“I was like, ‘Are you kidding?’ ” Ivanovic, a Serb, said, laughing.
HE has been accused of being a Kremlin plant, part of a plot to discredit Western corporate culture and values and, not coincidentally, Russia’s political opposition.
Officials at the White House and the Central Intelligence Agency were directed over the weekend to preserve any documents related to the destruction of the tapes.
But the workers claimed they were humanitarians acting within the confines of international law, trying to save children from imminent harm.
They won international tournaments and domestic friendlies.
“It is a great balance for me because I have a really stressful and fast-paced job,” he said.
THE DEAL Never a cover.
Obviously, in our jingoistic fantasy, we’d like to grab a megaphone from a cheerleader and shout, “We’re No.
Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont and chairman of the Senate committee, suggested Monday that Mr. Rove was resigning under Congressional pressure.
There are a few standouts, though, the most venerable being Riverbay Seafood Bar and Grill in Williston Park.
Although it’s evident from the overture (when the sorcerer Rothbart is shown to have his own alter ego) that the production will sometimes force theatrical effects upon the music, the text for the pas de trois and the Queen Mother’s mime demonstrate a lively regard for the traditions of this ballet.
All three men were the principal executives at Presidio Advisory Services, an investment firm that created and sold aggressive tax shelters.
“People will say: When my boyfriend and I are having sex, the dog is ready to attack my boyfriend.” Aggressive dogs in particular can isolate owners.
So on a recent frigid night, when he ambled down a Park Slope street and surreptitiously passed off a plastic container from a gumball machine to a reporter, nobody noticed.
The Hindustan Times, one of India’s largest newspapers, reported this year that Mr. Singh had been placed under surveillance after he was found to be photocopying documents unrelated to his work and that he was suspected of fleeing to the United States with his wife, Parminder Kaur, in May 2004.
As it turns out, Donald Trump has been booked for Jan. 2, which led Mr. Trump to call media outlets on Wednesday to announce that he would be among Mr. Letterman’s guests if the show returns on that day.
WINE LIST Extremely expensive, focused on steak-suitable reds and not very imaginative.
“It’s not just bio-based versus petroleum-based,” said Judith Dunbar, director for environmental issues at the plastics division of the American Chemistry Council, which represents hundreds of plastics manufacturers.
He advises against smoking and using anabolic steroids and hot tubs, all of which can damage sperm.
Hours: Tuesdays through Sundays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Montclair Art Museum, 3 South Mountain Avenue.
Bulletin: Phoenix and Tucson have been evacuated because of summer heat and monsoonal moisture.
“Even though it costs you a little money, it may be worth it to hire an architect,” Mr. Merriam said.
“We didn’t find that,” he said.
The games begin with the hiring of Kristoffer (Jens Albinus), a sour, unemployed actor, by the company’s director, Ravn (Peter Gantzler).
That left out many people, though.
In the Senior Bowl, U.S.A.-2 — Rose Meltzer, Grant Baze, Roger Bates, Alan Sontag, Bart Bramley and Lew Stansby — is fifth.
Instead seedy characters spit out a lot of obscenities, and some use oddly mannered speech, giving “John From Cincinnati” a flavor of “Deadwood,” only in a contemporary beach setting — “Driftwood.” And then there are those magical happenings in the style of Gabriel García Márquez.
“If you can’t get that block with cobblestones on Greene Street, I’ll bet I can find it in Red Hook,” he said.
$8; $4 for students and 65+; free for under 12 and members at all times and for 65+ on Fridays.
The group signed an agreement that is expected to resolve a situation where some nonbank holders of asset-backed commercial paper were unable to roll over their debt and get their banks to provide emergency financing.
Like so many in the first wave of C.I.A.
Alas, the Padre Pedro may be hard to find now, because Casa Cadaval has changed importers since this vintage.
Prosecutors yesterday released their summary of conversations, phone calls and text messages between the detectives and Ms. Lowery, some initiated by her, from Oct. 31 to Nov. 9.
She said it was difficult to refocus on tennis once she passed the stars who wished her well on the way to the court.
One major hotel operator said trade shows accounted for no more than 6 or 8 percent of annual revenues at West Side hotels, and so there is less interest in a very expensive expansion partly financed through a hotel tax.
“I was just happy to get started again.” Police data confirm that crime is less rampant and that the area no longer fully deserves its notorious reputation.
(Chinen) TIERNEY SUTTON (Wednesday and Thursday) Throughout her recent album ''On the Other Side'' (Telarc), Ms. Sutton applies her pristine vocal style to songs about happiness or unhappiness in love.
“Do we want this to become Disneyland or do we want some controls?” Mr. Barnes, like many Antarctic experts, was surprised to learn that the Explorer, which was purchased by G.A.P.
It will cut interest rates on federal loans in half over the next four years and increase the maximum federal Pell grant for middle- and low-income students to $5,400, from $4,310, over the next five years.
Mr. Allen has pleaded guilty to bribery and other corruption charges involving state lawmakers, including the senator’s son, Ben Stevens, the former president of the Alaska Senate.
The band Kiss stars in a new series published by Platinum Studio Comics, in which the group discovers warrior spirits within them that are meant to protect the earth.
Software, a software maker, agreed to buy webMethods of the United States for $546 million in cash to add networking software to its product line and more than double its customer numbers in North America.
“I have no desire to do anything else, so I hope I can fly again,” he said.
In recent months, he has contended that he is a champion of multiparty democracy, though he has also said that the system needs time to develop.
They found plentiful shopping, economic and ethnic diversity, and easy access to Prospect Park and Brighton Beach.
As an adult, she served as a docent at many museums, including the Metropolitan Museum in New York City, The Denver Art Museum and The Florence Griswold Museum in Old Lyme, CT. She was married to Harrison Wells Cole, in 1953 and is survived by her daughter, Beverly Cole Costello, son-in law, Ned Bolton Costello and her grandchildren Blair Bolton Costello and Owen Cole Costello.
If you’ve visited any of the stately homes of England, you’ll have seen them lurking high on the walls of the ancestral gallery, banished to the dim reaches far above the Canalettos the ninth earl brought back from his grand tour and Gainsborough’s notorious rendering of Countess Camilla en déshabillé .
Everyone knows New Jersey has big problems — from a $58 billion unfunded pension obligation to its decaying bridges and other infrastructure.
Another black quarterback, Vince Young of the Tennessee Titans, expressed disagreement with McNabb yesterday.
But admirers of the more enjoyably vulgar forms of humor who happen to stray into Avery Fisher Hall — fans of Restoration comedy, or “The 40-Year-Old Virgin,” say — may find themselves surprised into wakefulness, even outright delight, by the antic ribaldry on view.
His game against Denver was accident-free.
But his latest rant, in the syndicated column he writes for Tribune Media Services, drew fire last week for crossing the line from crotchety to racist.
For the American military, quick and initial military victories in Iraq and Afghanistan “have given way to long, complex and grinding campaigns against violent, adaptive insurgencies,” he said.
Federal law requires truck owners to reimburse states for miles traveled in that state.
Mr. Miggins was a graduate of Power Memorial Academy, New York, NY in 1940, Iona College in New Rochelle, NY in 1968, and University of Miami School of Law in 1968.
In 1969 the Federal Trade Commission banned TV shows based on selling a sponsor’s product, and that was that.
Our heartfelt condolences go out to his beloved wife of 54 years, Linda Bland and his entire family.
One such hindrance is the case of Nicola Sacco and Bartolomeo Vanzetti.
More than two dozen types of cookies are stacked nearby, as well as a handful of spiced cakes, including a moist Friese gemberkoek, or ginger cake ($3.50, approximately 17.5 ounces).
Appetizers were disappointing compared with those at the bar, but some of the entrees were exciting, especially those involving the local snapper, grouper and pompano.
“We worked on it for about a year to see if it could be done safely,” she said.
Hairong was just a student.
There is a pizza parlor/post office and Accardi’s hardware store, which has been on the street since 1915.
EPO was also the key doping agent seized during the police raids that threw the Tour into another drug crisis in 1998.
The pilot threw down a tether to a pickup truck on the ground to reel the balloon down and free it, but the tether broke and the balloon flew back up, causing its gondola to tip and the woman to fall to the ground, said a state police spokesman, Andrew Tingwall.
I did what my father told me to do.”
Mr. Ritchie has no doubt that “Jenny will be running her own theater in a couple of years,” he said.
Detective Michael Seward of the Police Department's Brooklyn warrants squad was arrested in Manhattan shortly after 9 a.m., according to the police.
Fourteen American soldiers died Wednesday when their helicopter crashed in northern Iraq , the military said.
The basis for this argument is the standard measure of the market: the price-to-earnings ratio .
The blaze, which has scorched more than 64 square miles of forest, has ebbed and flowed around the town since it was sparked by lightning on Friday.
Despite the government’s claims of a successful offensive over last weekend, for the most part the Pakistani Army is totally on the defensive and doing almost nothing to bring the fight to the militants.
But individual honors could and should be returned and given to the players who came in second in the voting for those awards.
Deutsche Telekom, whose exclusive rights for the Apple iPhone in Germany are contested by the Vodafone Group, said yesterday that it would change some terms and let the handset operate on rival networks.
“There was an aversion to risk, and people started taking their money out of the high-yield market.
Or ask the African-American artist Kara Walker, whose exquisite, implacable, loose-cannon retrospective at the Whitney Museum of American Art is about race first and last.
Miss Phipps' passionate belief in the important role of animals in our lives led to her tireless work for 38 years as an active member of our Board, serving for the last eight as Chairman.
Bobby Jindal , a conservative Republican congressman from the New Orleans suburbs and the son of immigrants from India, was elected Louisiana ’s governor Saturday, inheriting a state that was suffering well before Hurricane Katrina left lingering scars two years ago.
“When I leave the gym, I’m a very fragile old man.” Working out does nothing for his osteoarthritis, nothing for his balance, nothing for his slowness in walking — a result of a fall several years ago.
The administration showed its cards on Wednesday when it asked Congress for an additional $42.3 billion in “emergency” funding for Iraq and Afghanistan.
“He knows he doesn’t have much.” Asked whether Rains had been too bombastic in his remarks about government “persecution” of Bonds, Enos said no.
Whomever Mr. Putin endorses is most likely to become president, but he has not indicated a preference.
The ministry said it would be up to local officials to decide who qualified for the surgery and what priority it would be given compared with other operations within the health system.
The organization was founded in 1998 by Jenifer Estess, her family and friends, when she received a diagnosis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Wall Street ended its calmest week in a month with a big advance yesterday, rising on solid economic readings.
Pfizer’s clinical trials show that the drug causes lung function to drop in some patients.
“The warm weather should help because it gives you more time to plant,” he said.
It also means believing that we should bomb and bully foreigners, not negotiate with them.
But he himself always knew that Evelyn was the superior one.
The program, supported by both public and private money, is modeled on similar efforts in other cities and is to run for five years and serve 450 youths.
I can’t give them what they’ve already seen.
Excited at the growth of her business — handbags made from skateboards — Ms. Hickey found herself split between three locations, spending way too much on rent.
Over the years, I've been on a half-dozen night drives, mostly at upmarket private game reserves that began the trend and where overnight accommodation (drives included) can run to the equivalent of $500 a person a night.
The National Football League took a tape and video camera from a Patriots employee on the sideline during Sunday’s game at the Meadowlands, and it is investigating whether the Patriots broke league rules prohibiting taping an opponent’s signals on the sideline.
RESERVATIONS Call at least two weeks ahead for prime dinner times.
“To me, that has nothing to do with big budgets.” “Life is good tapped into an emotional ethos that struck a chord with where the culture was at a certain point in time.
Calibrating the pros and cons of change is an Aspen obsession, and Topic A this season is the new cabins on the Silver Queen gondola.
It was a few days before she’d hear from Middlebury, but she expected news that day from Dartmouth.
In his most explicit statement to date on an article in Turkey’s penal code that has seen writers, journalists, academics and intellectuals prosecuted for insulting “Turkishness,” the European Union ’s enlargement commissioner, Olli Rehn, left, said it was “simply not acceptable in a European democracy” and that it “must be repealed or amended without delay” if Turkey hoped for European Union membership.
Tuesdays to Saturdays at 8 p.m., Saturday matinees at 2 p.m., additional matinee on Wednesday, Nov. 7 at 2 p.m. $20 to $58.
I ended up running with Tara Martin, 29, who turned out to be Jen’s neighbor and the cycling buddy who had ridden those 70 miles with her, and with Amy Speckart, 36,, who also knew Jen.
WHAT: 4-bedroom house HOW MUCH: $289,000 Right in town near wineries, this 3,500-square-foot home started as a stone cottage in the 1840s.
“The market for free-skiing is characterized by a somewhat rebellious personality,” he said.
The inflation rate in the 13-nation euro area rose to a two-year high of 2.6 percent, from 2.1 percent in September, the European Union’s statistics office in Luxembourg said.
The expensive gambit to revitalize its newscast with Katie Couric has not budged the needle on ratings.
“I think we have an opportunity today to change the course on this very important issue.” Several state legislatures have tried to overturn their death penalties since 1976, when the United States Supreme Court set the framework for the current system of capital punishment.
Supporters of Mr. Uribe have similarly proposed legal changes that would allow him to run for a third term.
Without evidence of harm to humans, the agencies said they were not issuing recalls of any of the processed chicken products.
Samantha Morton signed on to play Deborah.
Blake turned on a 1-2 pitch from Zach Miner (3-4) and drove it for his second game-ending home run in four days, a shot that lowered the Indians’ magic number to seven.
It is easy for each of them to declare that they would be the anti-Bush.
Her writing is swift and agile; it dances like a tough kid in a good suit — well pressed but never boring, and never calling attention to the strength that lies behind it.
Conceived by the choreographer Juan Borona, directed by Cris Buchner and with music and lyrics by Bettina Sheppard, the dance and musical-theater hybrid is meant, it seems, to evoke a Freudian dreamscape.
These include “Harry Potter and the Half-Blooded Relative Prince,” a creation whose name in Chinese closely resembles the title of the genuine sixth book by Ms. Rowling, as well as pure inventions that include “Harry Potter and the Hiking Dragon,” “Harry Potter and the Chinese Empire,” “Harry Potter and the Young Heroes,” “Harry Potter and Leopard-Walk-Up-to-Dragon,” and “Harry Potter and the Big Funnel.” Some borrow little more than the names of Ms. Rowling’s characters, lifting plots from other well-known authors, like J. R. R. Tolkien, or placing the famously British protagonist in plots lifted from well-known kung-fu epics and introducing new characters from Chinese literary classics like “Journey to the West.” Here, the global Harry Potter publishing phenomenon has mutated into something altogether Chinese: a combination of remarkable imagination and startling industriousness, all placed in the service of counterfeiting, literary fraud and copyright violation.
They have updated the online encyclopedia Wikipedia.
"I saw an article somewhere where it said I had made 19 of them," he said.
A passer-by would hardly notice the Fishkill Encampment and Supply Depot.
A large swath of the southeast portion of the park has been cleared of grass and trees, and digging is under way.
Pick a spot in our state and you will either be on federal land or a short walk from it.
Meanwhile, gauntlets have effectively been thrown down to rival elite colleges by the presidents of Stanford and Yale in recent alumni-magazine articles.
The Commute The Long Island Rail Road has a Floral Park stop, in Nassau County.
“The most important thing we can talk about at this point in time is our record,” said Manager Joe Torre, noting the Yankees are a season-high 19 games over .500.
She was 85 years old.
“A year ago, it was a factory here and a factory there,” said Magda Aboulfadl, a project manager at the Garment Industry Development Corporation, an advocacy group.
I am even comfortable sitting in an airplane seat.
It was their 10th consecutive loss at the Palace of Auburn Hills.
Then he explained: inside one of the eggs was a Bailey Banks & Biddle ring with no less than half a dozen round diamonds.
Because of it, we lack medicine, clothes, food.
Most of the cute, small tchotchkes in my house that fit on the turntable of the NextEngine scanner I tested are copyrighted.
Since then, the number of biosecurity labs that handle the most contagious and dangerous agents — like Ebola, smallpox and hemorrhagic fevers — has grown, to 15 from five, including one in the planning stages, Keith Rhodes, a Government Accountability Office investigator, testified.
Information on other survivors could not immediately be confirmed.
But it is the infusion of new blood, some of it running pretty green, that is particularly notable.
By continuing to beat its tail, the whale forces more water in, causing its mouth to expand like a parachute.
For example, this phone can open and edit (but not create) Microsoft Office documents.
Son of Arthur and Nancy, stepson of Judy, and brother of Kenneth, Mark and James.
It had appreciated 70 percent in that time.
She will lie in repose at Frank E. Campbell Home, Madison Avenue at 81st Street, New York from 2pm4pm and 7pm-9pm on Thursday and Friday April 19th and 20th.
This year I’d have to say the answer is TurboTax.
And dinner, with dishes like “7-Hour Confit Shoulder of Lamb with Onions and Balsamic Vinegar for two” (£28.50 pounds ), seems to attract the same people who might have once paid much more for a dinner at Mr. Aikens's more established restaurant.
Donations can be made in Arthur's memory to the Deborah Heart and Lung Center, 200 Trenton Mills, NJ 08015.
“I called my rep and he said, ‘We’re too big.
It is that sum that Gazprom says Belarus has not paid.
The apartment fills the 39th floor of what is known as “the tower” building, on the Broadway side of the site, with the big sky-high views.
Dr. Brown, the Emory anthropologist, related how in the 1950s, white South African public health officials tried to warn people in a Zulu community about the dangers of obesity .
GLENDALE has long struggled for postal recognition.
“He was a wonderful person.
Posting a note on an Internet forum is simple.
For example, only Yahoo Mail accounts offer "push" e-mail like a BlackBerry, in which new messages appear in real time.
“The federal government is there to protect the community from disasters,” said Ron Ehli, 50, a volunteer fire chief in Hamilton, Mont., an increasingly popular getaway in the Bitterroot Valley south of Missoula.
The newspaper also could have waited until the proceedings were complete, he said.
Her leadership and involvement on behalf of the Jewish community will continue to benefit generations of Jews.
Look at them before races she said.
After gaining experience at European hotels including the Excelsior in Cologne and Claridge’s, Mr. Ortlieb was general manager of both Mondrian in West Hollywood and then the Beverly Hills Hotel.
One measure of how good it is: on two visits, with the exception of a spoonful or two of sweet risotto pudding, we ate every morsel that came from the kitchen.
I suppose it also is good if you never travel abroad, never want to buy a product produced abroad and have no national self-respect.
In Dora, the squadron was last attacked on Sept. 9, when a soldier was killed by a grenade.
And in 2005, it seemed as if the entire country was listening to Mariah Carey ’s “We Belong Together,” which dominated the charts from May to September.
Proponents of the private plans, offered by companies like UnitedHealth and Humana, say they provide more benefits than traditional Medicare.
Montreal Exchange shareholders would get half a common share in the TSX Group and 13.95 Canadian dollars in cash (worth about the same in American dollars) for a total value of 42.56 Canadian dollars a share based on Friday’s closing price.
Because every university wants a Skorton, it is quixotic to imagine he could have been hired on the cheap.
Al Qaeda’s hold on the town had been weakened, and the sheik was one reason why.
began its examination several weeks ago, people with knowledge of it said, and is looking into potential civil violations of federal securities laws.
Devoted brother of Frederick Munzer.
Ramón Oropeza, a civil engineer, said questions about Mr. Hank’s past persuaded him to vote for the National Action Party.
Mr. Odintz had entered her in the seven-furlong Iroquois Handicap, the biggest sprint race of the year for New York-bred fillies and mares.
It seemed as if they deliberately started the fight to attack the security forces.”
Joe Louis became such a contradictory hero, simultaneously representing African-Americans and a nation that did not treat them as equal citizens, when he fought his rematch with the German champion Max Schmeling.
But there may yet be hope for the preservationists’ cause.
QI live in a New York City co-op, and cigarette smoke is having an impact on the quality of my life.
On Thursday it begins a rare three-night engagement at the Cake Shop.
I knew she would never offer because she was so squeamish about blood and pain.
Several developers of technology used in mobile phones are engaged in all-out hostilities over royalties and license fees on patents.
“Friendship networks,” he said, “tend to be larger in younger groups, but they have weaker ties with those they talk with.
had no idea that I was an amputee.” In an interview, Mr. Ramos recalled how he informed his doctor at the V.A.
If they are going to stay, Mr. Geffen and Mr. Spielberg will have to begin negotiations to renew their contracts in the coming months.
And teenagers are using the Internet to talk about what they’re reading.
STATUS To maintain a clubby appeal, most items are in limited supply and all sales are final, so be sure you get the right size.
Even after General Musharraf’s re-election on Saturday, parliamentary elections and wrangling between the president and an incoming civilian government could allow the situation in the tribal areas to drift even further, they warn.
Her extended family included many cousins and everyone in the world who loved peace, justice, and a long talk, many of whom she met and charmed.
“What Idaho families need is a senator who can be an unapologetic, vocal and visible leader on pro-family issues,” Mr. Fischer said.
He graduated from the University of Virginia, where he also received a medical degree.
It's really a shame that CompUSA managed to fritter away its ubiquity and name-brand advantages.
Bonnie climbed down the ladder and got her backpack, then returned to the bones, which she took one by one — they disengaged from one another the moment she touched them — and tenderly laid them inside the bag.
Local expert panels are convened to review cases if they come up, but many surgeons simply refrain from being tested.
Some people danced; others sampled the burcak, a fizzy sweet wine that is traditionally made in mid-September.
After 12 days, they sighted the French ship Argus on the horizon, only to watch it disappear.
Instead, Mr. Garber, a native of Queens and a former executive with NFL International, has helped to transform the soccer landscape with a growth plan that has included public-private partnerships; the construction of seven soccer stadiums (with several more being built); diversification of ownership; expansion (14 teams for 2008, 16 for 2009 and 18 for 2010); the creation of a powerful marketing company, Soccer United Marketing; and a modest infusion of international star players.
do so through separate devices, though some can be linked to a cellphone.
Mr. Garnet’s words aren’t party words.
Funds for various programs were sometimes intermingled, against government rules.
In March, Sun created a unit to sell the processor after customers approached it about licensing Niagara, he said.
“You should be changed into your clothes,” she says.
“We were in academic emergency for three years, that’s a fact, so we were low-hanging fruit,” Mr. Peterson said.
We pray you have found peace.
One has even checked back to see if any of the other couples had decided to break up.
It is a question that continues to engage innovators and scholars.
That's dumb and I'm smart!
He told of how his father, Jerry, largely silent in the final stages of Alzheimer’s, was told by a caretaker in Peoria, Ill., that his son was the new Yankees manager, and how he cried out, “Oh, yeah.” He called his time on Torre’s team “the four greatest years of my career as a baseball player.” But unlike Torre, he didn’t try to rub a soothing lotion over the prickliness he will no doubt have to deal with on a number of Yankees fronts.
I can foresee a time, in a future not too distant, when today’s military techniques will be every bit as much the stuff of family entertainment as the Lipizzaner.
In its civil suit, the S.E.C.
Bean’s Holiday,” the second film adventure of the hapless slapstick character Mr. Atkinson portrayed in a 1990s-era British sketch show and a 2002 animated series, brought in $10.1 million in its first weekend in the United States.
Dr. Ronald L. Krall, chief medical officer for Glaxo, said his company sharply disputed the methodology of Dr. Nissen’s study, and a top F.D.A.
But in 1980, Dr. Falk, then at the University of Puerto Rico, returned from her own trip to Johannesburg and announced a radically different conclusion: the Taung child’s brain and those of a half-dozen other South African australopithecines were like those of apes, not later humans.
Philip Morris USA, meanwhile, would focus on expanding into other tobacco products — like the recent introduction of Marlboro smokeless tobacco — and making its own acquisitions, probably other tobacco companies.
The girl was found at a Wal-Mart in the Florida Panhandle, the sheriff said.
It took a generation, but the students have started to stick around.
who was murdered in 2002.
The report conjured images of 8-month-olds strapped into bouncy chairs, forced to watch an endless loop of video flashcards while listening to the tinkling of classical piano.
(Most theater owners refuse to show such movies, worried that television will cannibalize ticket sales.)
Once New Yorkers collectively informed Mr. D’Amato that it was time to find a new line of work, he graduated to a higher-stakes game, playing with Howard Stern, among others.
Analysts still expect the deal to go through, but probably with some changes to assuage investors’ and bankers’ concerns.
That put Mr. Marchese in line to receive as much as a quarter of that sum, or $2.8 million, as his reward for blowing the whistle.
Most coverage of the story described it as a bizarre exception in the history of law enforcement.
“This House Is a Circus” has lots of interesting parts — a disco- derived rhythm guitar line, a churning chorus, a series of unexpected breaks — but it’s not much fun.
The process repeats itself at succeeding sandbars as the tidal bore moves upriver, and it continues until the sandbars run out after about eight miles.
These three nations helped Myanmar block plans by Singapore to have the United Nations special envoy to Myanmar, Ibrahim Gambari, deliver a briefing on Wednesday to a meeting that includes leaders from Asean, China, Japan, South Korea and India.
Aboff of Huntington Country Club became the fourth amateur to win the event.
“I’ve always said that this would take seven years, minimum,” Mr. Klein said, and for the first time he expressed a desire to stay on, even after Mr. Bloomberg, in the hope of finishing the job.
It is terse, direct and, as probably befits the son of a professional soldier, disciplined.
The drug, known generically as aprotinin, has had F.D.A.
While Mr. Williams hopes to escape the violence of his West Philadelphia neighborhood, it is too late for Richard Johnson.
The agency then asked a number of eye centers in the United States to determine if they had noted an increase in cases; the findings were inconclusive.
Funeral services will be held on Tuesday, August 21st at 11am at Stanetsky Memorial Chapel, 1868 Beacon St., Brookline, MA.
He refused to pay that much, so he had two options.
Through photosynthesis, living trees store carbon, but when they die they begin to decompose, and the action of those decomposing organisms releases carbon.
He is also a musical director in the theater department at the Usdan Center for the Creative and Performing Arts, a summer camp in Huntington, N.Y.
In between, 5,600 people embrace, avoid and endure one another in a compact place that began more than a century ago as a remote railroad town.
By the ’80s, the Erecta shelf, known as Metro shelving, was It, the proud mark of the urban frontiersman who was not looking back.
Her nephew’s wife, visiting with her husband from Germany, seemed less pleased.
“The campaign began in late August,” Mr. Morris said.
Although she does not read Russian, she realized that she had found something valuable.
But he spoke with his chin often buried in his chest, his voice largely monotone, and he cleared his throat or coughed repeatedly, prompting some to wonder if he might be ill. “He didn’t look good,” said Ronald Sell, 63, a musician from New York City.
While I have complained in the past the Mr. Rodriguez's food is sometimes so sweet you don't need dessert, here it works fantastically; all of us were thrilled by the first bite.
Maybe I was a little drunk, but I said yes.
“The goal is to fill white spaces on our network map without replicating existing services,” said Mr. Blunt of oneworld, which recently signed on Japan Airlines, one of the world’s biggest.
The prints are full of scratches, bad splices and busted sprocket holes, and the images are not always in focus.
If “Waitress” were more strenuously uplifting, it might be labeled a feel-good movie, but it isn’t that.
But the German corporate establishment has a long memory.
Budget-minded visitors should instead check out La Maison guesthouse (971-50-340-5066).
And this drunkalogue has other things to recommend it; to my knowledge, no other addict-alcoholics can claim to have filched George Harrison’s wife or escaped — barely — dying in a helicopter crash with Stevie Ray Vaughan.
The expansive duplex has terraces on both levels, three bedrooms and three-and-half baths.
MIDDLE COLLEGIATE CHURCH (Reformed Church in America), 50 East Seventh Street, East Village.
SHANAHAN--Edward P., on November 4.
“Cluster meetings don’t even talk about attracting financing,” complains Deme Clainos, founder and chief executive of StudyDog.com , which has a program that teaches pre-kindergarten to second-grade children to read.
I remember being fixed on his eyes and his gentle expression in the rearview mirror as he basked in the car’s stately ride.
These commonly find an increase in intentions to stay abstinent, but do not necessarily mean that a year later, high on emotion, teenagers will follow the script.
After they sold their Upper East Side town house in 2004, Ms. Thompson said that all 20 apartments she visited required major gut renovations.
Mr. Obey said the conditions that Democrats had linked to the spending measure were “modest and reasonable.” The bill approved by the House requires that redeployment of troops from Iraq begin within 30 days, with a goal of completing redeployment by December 2008.
In the lawsuit, Lulu’s founder, Bob Young, accused the media giants of unfair competition and cyberpiracy.
He ended up helping persuade the rest of the Schulz clan to cooperate with Mr. Michaelis, granted full access to his father’s papers and put aside his own novel writing to help him.
“Sarko’s visit might put people at rest after what happened two days ago, but to me, it won’t change anything,” she said, referring to the president by his nickname.
Those records became part of Mr. Soares’s two-year investigation into the illegal online prescription drug trade, which after a raid this week resulted in the arrests of four people in Florida, all affiliated with Signature Pharmacy in Orlando, and at least three of them executives of the company.
He has made what he considers as one symbolic concession to the past.
Tully, an Episcopal priest, performed the ceremony at St. Bartholomew’s Church.
I perceived that my children’s chicken-finger meals outside the home were informing their eating habits inside the home, where they were getting more finicky.
Soon, a room that used to be for the yearbook club became an on-site repair shop for the 80 to 100 machines that broke each month, with a “Laptop Help Desk” sign taped to the door.
Mary Nichols, the head of the California Air Resources Board, which had geared up to enforce the proposed emissions rules on 2009-model cars, said the reasoning was flawed.
“With Columbus, we become co-owners of the International Space Station.” Europe has been involved in human space flight for decades, flying astronauts and equipment aboard the Russian Mir space station, on numerous space shuttle missions and on missions to the current space station, Mr. Nordlund said.
SUSAN GUERRERO Photo (Photo by Lars Klove for The New York Times)
But he wants to make us believe that it will, so he can continue getting what he wants from us.
“The process was gravely flawed back in 2004,” said Joseph M. McMillan, a Seattle lawyer who represents a detainee, “and I think it would be even more flawed now.” Repeating some of the earlier proceedings could also undercut the government’s position in a pivotal appeal now before the Supreme Court.
No matter what happens to the N.Y.S.E., that building, with all of the history that it contains, is still going to be viewed as the center of the financial world.” But in private, city and state officials are fretting about how “to position ourselves to remain the center of global finance if the anchor of the New York Stock Exchange isn’t there for us or doesn’t have the same meaning as it has had for the last century,” said Kathryn S. Wylde, president of the Partnership for New York City.
Perhaps emboldened by the “Live Earth” benefit concerts and Al Gore’s Nobel Peace Prize, this is the family member who is the first to point out, over the bountiful Christmas dinner, that the 2.6 billion holiday cards sold each year in the United States could fill a landfill the size of a football field 10 stories high, or that those conventional lights on the Christmas tree contribute up to nine times as much greenhouse-gas emissions as the leaner-burning L.E.D.
Mitchell’s report will total roughly 300 pages, and also have substantial attachments, according to the person who read it.
I plunged my arm into one of the vats, swirling the mash, which was warm and soupy, like thin porridge.
“There’s a limit to what conclusions you can draw from the way they conducted the study.” The findings on fertility in the Nurses’ Health Study come from more than 18,000 women who were trying to get pregnant over an eight-year period.
An Indian film star, Hritik Roshan, set off a deadly riot in Katmandu, Nepal, in 2000 when he was quoted as saying he “hated” the Nepalis.
This, Mr. Stack said, was a manifestation of the philosophy of objectivism in “Atlas”: people guided by reason and self-interest.
How did I ever miss all that brown, brown, brown ?
A newspaper photographer snapped countless photographs of the Burresses along the way, drawing the attention of other tourists away from London’s monuments.
He said the ruling was a signal to homeowners’ associations across the state that although they are empowered to regulate certain forms of expression, that authority must be exercised with caution.
Instead, the tube clogged up within weeks, was impossible to clean and rendered the whole operation useless.
Among the four defensive starters who will not play against the Wildcats is cornerback Patrick Robinson, who led Florida State with six interceptions.
Levine questioned Verducci’s objectivity because he collaborated on Torre’s 1997 autobiography, “Chasing the Dream.” “They had a financial relationship,” Levine said.
“They’re too good to use a bunch of them,” he said.
He said in an interview on Thursday that he imagines a keyboard in his head, and reaches for the note there.
They called for a return to democracy.
A collision of conflicting impulses and wildly incongruous discourses, “The Third Sex” does not know what it is — “gay Baedeker,” cautionary tale, scientific treatise, pornographic handbook, literary essay, opportunity to slander the Italians and the Germans — and that is what makes it so delightful.
“This is the 21st-century version of the snow chain that you used to have in school in the old days, where one parent would call another to notify that school would be closed,” Mr. Gaska said.
Tressel was the head coach at Youngstown for 15 years, winning four Division I-AA championships, before taking over at Ohio State in 2001.
“We’ve gone from virtually nothing to having structured investments and investors in place,” said Robert T. Fraley, chief technology officer of Monsanto and a member of the coalition.
But, Steve Wallace said, “I have no expectations of going to Cup anytime soon.” His performance in the Busch Series, so far, probably has something to do with his expectations.
Excessive attention to it can blind parents to the diverse and equally rich expertise that later-born children usually develop.
The winter snows have taken a toll on the shingles, and you’re going to climb up on the roof in flip-flops, a hammer in one hand and a beer in another?
7 subway line because the cost of the first phase of the project was higher than expected.
“After coming back to the hotel around 10, people want to sit around and talk about a great speech they might have heard, and maybe have a drink,” Ms. Valand explained.
Another venture introduced in July, Booktour.com , lets authors post information about their books and tour dates (real and virtual).
“I care very deeply about where our country is headed, but I also believe the right way to pick a candidate is to have people in Iowa and New Hampshire really get a chance to know the candidates,” Mr. Romney said here on Friday at the first of five “Ask Mitt Anything” forums that day in Iowa.
“It’s a very nice orchestra.
To the Editor: Re your July 18 news article “Abstinence Education Faces an Uncertain Future”: New York receives more abstinence-only funds than any other state except Texas and Florida.
Those who worked on the project described the effort as a huge undertaking.
It doesn’t matter, because Ms. Harvey is a brilliant singer and songwriter and performer, one who usually finds a way to seem supremely self-assured and slightly rattled at the same time.
Side by side, the original and the copy made him dizzy.
“Even useless things can be useful,” he said.
Nearly 5,000 registered nurses at 15 hospitals in Northern California went on a two-day strike to protest what union officials said were inadequate contract offerings and concerns over staffing deficiencies at sites in the Sutter Health chain.
“She tends to marginalize, not fire,” said David R. Gergen, a former adviser to Mr. Clinton.
But the architects had no control over the design of the exhibitions, and what little architecture there is here is completely overwhelmed by a nauseating mix of interactive installations, reproductions of stage sets and tchotchkes from old Dutch television shows.
The Champions Tour rookie Mark O’Meara shot an eight-under-par 63 to take the first-round lead in the AT&T Championship in San Antonio.
Although her track coach offered to help her pursue an athletic scholarship to the University of Texas, Gilbert refused the baton.
Notably sparse, however, is overt religious or political imagery of a kind that still defines contemporary Latin American art for many people.
He graduated from the Little Red School House and the High School of Music and Art.
His response was to reach out to those who were the biggest offenders, because he felt bad for them.
But it gained momentum in 1980 with the founding of the Green Party , the first environmental party to gain national prominence in Europe.
A Romanian woman caught on closed-circuit security cameras after she killed a Rome subway passenger by stabbing her in the eye with an umbrella was sentenced to 16 years in prison.
Arenas, a three-time All-Star, is averaging 22.4 points.
THE CROWD Locals, mostly, with the occasional in-the-know people, mostly from New Haven.
The reason for chenin blanc’s versatility, as with riesling’s, is the grape’s remarkable acidity.
“Every single day of my life money has been an issue, but don’t be surprised if it’s my lack of money that leads me to the mayor’s office.” To save money, Mr. De Jesus said he had designed his own campaign Web site, www.dejesus07.com .
Yesterday, after a breezy one-day meeting in Abu Dhabi, OPEC cemented the impression that it wanted to keep oil prices at levels that would have been unthinkable a few years ago, leaving its output goal unchanged.
But advisers to Mrs. Clinton, of New York, said that she was convinced that she could use the bully pulpit to push for higher standards.
Not enough, Mr. Egan argued.
He wants no more than to fatten up in his retirement, sitting with the newspaper and a glass of Cabernet in one of the two Italian joints he owns (serving “pasta-this, pasta-that”) in Westwood, N.J., and Sparkill, N.Y.
Never mind misspelled names; misspelled everything is rampant in journalism today.
“It’s absolutely discriminatory against boroughs outside of Manhattan.
This reading got as far as the first set of page proofs.
The chorus stayed in the background, stirring unobtrusively.
Still, the data from even those trials contained signals that Zetia might be dangerous in some patients when it is taken alongside statins, as it usually is.
Go Musharraf Go Musharraf Go!
Hair: Kevin Mancuso for Rita Hazan.
Now there is a line to get in.” At night, Fortitude Valley heats up.
He served in the Navy and completed two tours in Vietnam.
Who were all these staffers, or as Disney calls them, “cast members”?
“What brought us here is change,” Mr. Romney said.
Buyers are finding that they can negotiate even better deals when they do a little homework.
Tim Hasselbeck, a backup the past two years, is seeing little action during practices and will probably lose his job when the Giants cut the position to three.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Nina Jillian Rosenblatt Outpatient Suite, Winthrop University Hospital Cancer Center for Kids, 200 Old Country Rd., Mineola, NY 516-663-9704.
And even when performed with this mishmash of cadences, “Brighton Beach Memoirs” is one of his best plays, a deeply felt depiction of a family in which anxiety is a way of life rather than the impetus for laughs.
Loving husband of Selma for 60 years, father of Bobby and Neal, father-in-law of Margie and grandfather of Sarah and Michael.
People routinely say that life is good, better even under this president — then rattle off a litany of complaints.
If we put it in 10 sites, we’ll have good luck with seven or eight sites.” There are other backyard options, including electric fences, which often are not attractive to families with children.
There are moments, however, when Mr. Martinez’s work runs the risk of sliding too far into excess — or regional caricature — until, like one of those delicious tropical drinks, it sneaks up on you, and before you know it, you’ve had too much.
SUSPISH This is not a store for the desperately fabulous San Francisco that wears leather chaps, live goldfish and spats on a Tuesday morning.
She took a pass from the captain Kristine Lilly on the right side of the penalty area and beat goalkeeper Jon Myong-hui with a 13-yard shot.
Later this year, RedOctane and Neversoft, a video game studio owned by Activision, plan to release Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock, and Harmonix will start Rock Band, a Guitar Hero-like game that will also allow players to become drummers, bassists and vocalists.
“And when artists are excited about other artists, that’s the key imprimatur.
Pablo Escobar That Was Then: The Colombian drug lord built a multibillion-dollar cocaine business.
For Antônia Dalva de Souza, a new movie depicting the violent war between Rio’s drug gangs and an elite police military squad hit too close to home.
WFUV says it has been awarded a $500,000 grant from the New York State Music Fund to support the development of a second full-time radio station for listeners in their 20s and 30s, which will emphasize independently and locally produced music.
The template for animal documentaries these days is well established: Go to the ends of the Earth to follow cute, photogenic mammals as they organize their days and lives around the primal functions of eating, mating and nurturing their young.
The story is sad, but there is something almost exuberant in Mr. Penn’s embrace of it — and in Emile Hirsch’s brilliant performance as McCandless.
CUBA works hard to jam American TV signals and keep out decadent Hollywood films.
Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah, asked: “What is going on here?
But 30 ... Ref7 was a critical error.
The financial terms were not disclosed.
Yet they also relate sensitively to their context, celebrating the natural landscape that flows directly underneath the building.
When she met strangers, she would tell them about him.
“You know how people say, ‘You were walking on clouds’?” Victor said.
The church will occupy and own the first two floors, totaling 16,000 square feet, and the land they sit on; there will be meeting halls, 10 classrooms and a bookstore, Ms. Wright said.
UConn (9-3, 5-2) was in the hunt to win the conference title and capture the league’s Bowl Championship Series berth until Saturday’s 66-21 loss at West Virginia.
Her sister taught at a missionary school in the Philippines, where she lived with her family, while Deborah was single and in the second year of her medical residency program at Northwestern University, with ready access to quality health care.
He will call an ambulance if he ever has symptoms again.
He’s like the kind side of Nick, or the normal version of Howard K. Stern, Anna Nicole Smith’s consort on “The Anna Nicole Show.” Around Dean, Tori showboats, running even to vaudeville.
Then there was Nixon himself.
170 Central Park West, at 77th Street, (212) 873-3400, nyhistory.org .
They want to be proud of their past.
And down the hall, the national secretary for the Socialist Party USA was organizing an antiracist punk rock concert.
The New England Patriots, whom the Giants play next Saturday night, may be striving for perfection.
He was playing for the chips.
Mr. Wu also won a year’s contract with American Ballet Theater.
We will sorely miss our close friend, lovable traveling companion, unique golfing partner and, most of all, we will miss his incomparable dry wit.
Despite the Islamic material included we learn little about Islam or about the Islamic meaning of objects or, even in a general way, about Islamic views of the West.
Her 82-year-old mother had had a stroke.
The six kidnappers, all members of a street gang, believed the restaurateur had a stash of drugs or cash, which they wanted.
Listing would set in motion a series of automatic sanctions that would make it easier for the United States to block financial accounts and other assets controlled by the guard.
It was during this period that Clemens and McNamee were together on the Blue Jays, then the Yankees.
A bathroom has step-by-step photos on hand washing posted on the wall because autistic children tend to respond to visual cues.
She earned her undergraduate degree from California State University, Los Angeles.
J. will start the game, for however long,” Reid said Tuesday during a news conference, then added that the playing time would “give him a chance to work with the starters.” The attention-getting news of Philadelphia’s preseason came last week, when the team cut the veteran middle linebacker Jeremiah Trotter.
BALL STATE APOLOGIZES Ball State apologized to its former coach Ronny Thompson after an outside review found that “unprofessional behavior” by an employee tainted the university’s report to the N.C.A.A.
About 50 percent of people in Sweden and Iceland carry one copy of a variant LOXL1 gene, the researchers said, and 25 percent carry two copies, one from each parent.
Shoes have become extreme statements in their own, dominating handbags.
Severely depressed, he wonders whether his life is worth living.
McMorris’s strategies and words come straight out of his preacher’s past.
She arrived with all sorts of clothes and props, “as if she were playing a farmer’s wife in a butter commercial,” he said.
She assesses her problem, and weighs her response to it, with disconcerting sang-froid.
“We do not know if any ransom was paid.”
“The cartridges and casings we found were all associated with coalition forces and contractors,” the official said.
It’s a geography lesson, but it’s also a kind of hymn,” said Nina Baym, an author and a retired professor of English at the University of Illinois who flies frequently to California.
Many pedestrians are Mexican citizens who come to shop or to visit family and friends.
“Nobody was looking at me 20 years ago,” he said recently.
A Columbus match to either man’s Y chromosome would tie him to that paternal line’s Italian or Catalonian home.
Or have embarrassing e-mails been withheld from Congressional scrutiny?
Cameron called Brown a prime example of a Miles recruit at Michigan.
Given the deprivations suffered by so many, it is truly remarkable — and encouraging — to see Africans express such a strong sense of optimism in the future.
“A variety of consumer protections are under consideration,” a spokesman for the department, Bill Mosley, said, adding that these include “requiring airlines to report chronically delayed flights before passengers buy airline tickets.” Some travel specialists agree that more realistic schedules would go a long way toward solving the delay problem, even though airlines would presumably be loath to give up the revenue that a tighter schedule, with more flights, offers them.
“It’s a civilized way to have people meet,” Mr. Deyans said.
In another farce, “The Valet,” Daniel Auteuil plays a married billionaire whose affair with a supermodel is exposed by paparazzi.
In her book “21st-Century Modernism,” Marjorie Perloff, a professor emerita at Stanford and longtime champion of the avant-garde, claims the “dominant” mode in poetry these days is “expressivist,” whereas experimental writing involves “constructivism ... the specific understanding that language, far from being a vehicle or conduit for thoughts or feelings outside and prior to it, is itself the site of meaning-making.” She fleshes out this concept with quotations from several contemporary avant-garde poets, who argue among other things that “there are no thoughts except through language” and “as soon as I start listening to the words they reveal their own vectors and affinities, pull the poem into their own field of force, often in unforeseen directions.” Indeed, experimental poetry “finds its own name as it goes” and “may be worked over once it is in being, but may not be worried into being,” because ultimately “the whole thing is performance and prowess and feats of association.” After all, where a given poem is concerned, “what do I want to communicate but what a hell of a good time I had writing it?” Such poems necessarily disdain lyric sincerity in favor of what one writer calls “the pleasure of ulteriority” and are usually — no surprise — aggressively bookish (“So many of them have literary criticism in them — in them”).
“She’d stood with her feet on her father’s shoulders to pull the ax out of his neck and she covered him with the tablecloth.
Mr. Deitch of Deitch Projects chalks it up partly to a crisis in arts philanthropy at a time when artists’ productions are growing ever bigger.
Cost: $100 for the first month of virtual help or $125 for in-person instruction.
He also questioned why no members of the provincial government were present at the attack.
In an outdoor parking lot, Geoff Fults was dressed from the neck down in a homemade latex bodysuit that gave him the scaly look of the extraterrestrial from the “Alien” movies; he’d removed the head so he could smoke a cigarette.
But the Yankees are 25-10 during that stretch thanks to a powerful offense.
Uptown in the Time Warner Center, Porter House New York — see, even the names start to blur — unveiled so-called porterhouse cuts of meat other than beef, and of monkfish to boot.
According to the Downtown Brooklyn Partnership, 1,973 rooms will be added to the market by 2010.
“They were unprovable.” But Mr. McConnell did find deficiencies.
Fear of malpractice certainly adds cost to care, as tests and treatments are ordered that may be of little or no value to the patient.
Begin at the American Legion Post 135, south of Forsyth Park (1108 Bull Street, 912-233-9277; www.americanlegionpost135.com ), a surprisingly shimmery, mirrored space where the clientele is a mix of age and vocation, and where the British bartender might hold forth on Savannah's Anglophile side.
There are about 200 American diplomats in Iraq who serve on a one-year basis.
Would a black man stir up racial tensions that would boomerang and set African-Americans back?
Ten days are not going to produce professional-level unanimity regardless of talent.
Service at 11 am, Monday, March 12, at the Holy Trinity Church, 319 East 74 Street.
On the other hand, he said, there is widespread ignorance of science and technology.
PATRICK McGEEHAN HOUSING MARKET BLUES The subprime mortgage meltdown has brought out the industry’s frustrated film directors and songwriters, as several trenchant music videos posted on YouTube show.
“Upon taking office, we determined the policies and procedures that governed the use of vehicles were either nonexistent, loosely enforced or absolutely outdated,” he said.
Rome, too, struggled to adapt to Chinese culture.
Of course, back in 2001 he specifically assured Congress that cutting taxes would not threaten Social Security.
Just off the west bank of the Rio Negro, its 269 rooms, some with air-conditioning, and trees growing through them, are up at the level where monkeys live.
Photos: Clockwise from top: Philip Treacy for Donna Karan Collection chapeau (at Donna Karan stores); Marni handbag ($1,146 at select Marni stores); Sportmax neckpiece ($240, in white only, at MaxMara stores); Tod ballet flats ($425 at Tod's stores); Sari Gueron dress ($1,495 at Bergdorf Goodman); and Jennifer Behr's headband ($140, go to www.jenniferbehr.com).
She said I might have to decide between the antibiotic and hospice care.
Rodrigo de Rato, who served as the economic minister of Spain under President José María Aznar, resigned from the I.M.F.
With the fashion flock descending on Trancoso by the G-4 load, carousing has been honed to a high art.
Bats buzzed and hissed overhead.
Meanwhile, a federal judge denied Mr. Black’s request to travel to Canada while awaiting his sentencing, after receiving a letter yesterday from a Canadian official saying that American prosecutors may have difficulty retrieving him if the request is granted.
“They’re trying to make a statement that they are, in fact, looking for a resolution.
Or stir in a mild chili paste — one made with ancho chilies would be ideal — at the end of cooking.
“Dow Jones demands the highest journalism standards at our own publications and services, as reflected by our strict code of conduct.
One possibility is that Boras was too aggressive in advising Rodriguez to opt out, assuring him that there were teams prepared to offer contracts of $350 million or more.
I’ve watched her against a good lawyer.
Edward Greco has lung cancer and is living in a New Orleans nursing home.
A group of music publishing companies said yesterday it would join a copyright infringement lawsuit against Google ’s video-sharing site YouTube.
Takeshi Nakajima, an associate professor at the Hokkaido University Public Policy School whose book “Judge Pal” was published last month, said that Japanese critics of the trials selectively chose passages from his dissent.
Many of them are former extremists.
Oklahoma WHY THEY CAN WIN IT ALL The Sooners are the class of a watered-down Big 12.
organizations at the local, not national, level, they should be a reminder that “to the African-American who knows his history, the noose is a symbol that is both intimidating and infuriating.” He added: “We are not against Halloween.
About the size of a standard keyboard, the device plugs into your computer’s U.S.B.
A private Graveside Service will be held at Mt.
headlamps worn by hikers and cave explorers, at $19.95.
night on the town, Concept 108 (7-985-761-4136; www.concept108.ru ) can provide luxury transportation, book tables at top Moscow restaurants and assure entry to the above places and other elite and strictly regulated nightclubs.
Angelo Onofri, a spokesman for the Mercer County prosecutor, Joseph L. Bocchini Jr., declined to say why Mr. Bocchini had filed the motion to dismiss the charges against the officials.
THE border towns of Columbus, N.M., and Palomas, Mexico , lie just three miles apart, but that short distance — what you might drive to the supermarket, say — encapsulates a world of difference.
Still, Democrats said they would question Mr. Mukasey about whether he supported the administration’s antiterrorism policies, especially its use of harsh interrogation techniques for terrorist suspects and its domestic eavesdropping program.
“Lower Manhattan 2010: It’s Happening Now,” an exhibition of videos, photographs and streaming video from a Web cam at the World Trade Center Memorial construction site, will be at the library through Sept. 22.
prepared the ad and paid a second firm, Discovery Stocks, $37,500 to place it.
But in some of these other areas you’re not going to put the stores there as in the past.” On Sept. 30 of last year, Wendy’s International fully divested itself of its interest in the chain.
“It is a very attractive way to expand sales and profit margins,” said Mr. Dillon, the pet market consultant.
Alleycats are like marathons for the anti-marathon set, for those who prefer showing off their tattoos instead of their spandex.
After his triumphant performance of the “Prize Song” in the final scene, you wanted to join the townspeople onstage and cheer him.
It should be no surprise that Châteauneuf-du-Papes are brawny wines, historically high in alcohol.
The choreographer Mark Morris received the 2007 Samuel H. Scripps American Dance Festival Award in ceremonies Saturday at the Page Auditorium at Duke University in Durham, N.C.
In the public imagination, she was, apparently, a woman emptied of all bodily reality, living in what was said to be a white marriage — pure abstraction, pure projection, made flesh.
While saving money is a pleasant byproduct — one woman who has been part of the group from the beginning estimates she has saved “$4,000 during her period of abstinence” — members of the Compact are mainly trying to reduce the amount of trash they generate.
Video games are poised to enter a similar golden age.
The economic pressure broke the impasse, 13 days before the government insurance program was to have expired.
“But this is a movie about cartoon bees.” Mr. Seinfeld’s colleagues agreed with his assessment that it was unfair to categorize “Bee Movie” as a comeback project.
The San Francisco Giants gave their first public tribute to Barry Bonds before he played his first game with them.
But Harrington shined on his third and final series, leading the Falcons 82 yards in eight plays for a touchdown.
Pei, and various descendants of Hemingway and Tolstoy.
At least one victim, Alejandro Rios, 18, remained hospitalized Thursday.
Sheriff’s deputies escorted Mr. Tankleff to the adjacent jail for discharge.
As she stood on a wooden construction platform inside the 120-year-old temple, glass workers were busy reinstalling the 15-foot-wide rose window over the entrance, on Eldridge Street a few steps south of Canal Street.
Among major cities, Boston has been a notable holdout in such programs, fire officials around the nation said.
In addition to the Glazers, Randy Lerner of the Cleveland Browns has bought into Aston Villa, and Stan Kroenke of the St. Louis Rams also owns 12 per cent of Arsenal, the North London team that last season moved into a new home, Emirates Stadium.
The manufacturer’s suggested retail price, for those trying to keep up with the Joneses — or the Rollses and Royces, in this case — is now more than eight times Americans’ annual median household income.
That, too, is a step in the right direction; most boards shut out investors on the topic of director nominees.
“They’re playing some good baseball.
To the Editor: Russell L. Schweickart’s warning about objects striking the Earth was a thoughtful call to action (“The Sky Is Falling.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
On Sunday, in the latest of these, Thailand will vote on a new Constitution that would pave the way for an election later this year.
In hyper-outdoorsy, health-conscious Nelson, set picturesquely between furred peaks and Kootenay Lake and where it seems that every one of the 10,000 residents skis, mountain- bikes and is passionate about health and good food, “Whitewater Cooks” has become the equivalent of the Junior League cookbook.
“I’m going to have heart surgery, and I need her to stay here for support and to watch my kids,” she said.
There is the typical gangster body: “Jack Cerone ... 5’6 1/2", 195 lbs.
Within a few months, two cost-estimating groups, one operated by the Pentagon, the other by the office that coordinates work among intelligence agencies, determined that the Boeing plan would bust the budget caps.
in yards from scrimmage for four consecutive years.
“When you really sit back and think about it, it’s extraordinary what Clinton is doing as an ex-president” said Mr. Pfiffner.
Upstairs someone was primping a bear head; the dressing rooms were lined with boxes and boxes of bobby pins and false eyelashes.
That doctrine has been interpreted to mean different things at different times by different people, including President Bush and his aides, who made it up on the fly in the days after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
Usually they iron out their differences in private.
“Now there are matches every weekend.” With its roots in military training, Thai boxing, or muay Thai, is a rough sport that can make Western boxing look courteous.
And even if you believe Mrs. Clinton’s contention that her positions could never be influenced by lobbyists’ money — a remark that drew boos and hisses from the Chicago crowd — there’s reason to worry about the big contributions she receives from the insurance and drug industries.
Usually refers to online degree programs at bricks-and-mortar institutions.
Mr. Robertson will repeat the Ninth on Oct. 4.
“I was hysterical last night,” she said, “but my son said, ‘You’re going to be O.K.’ ” Ms. Brenner was crying quietly on the shoulder of a counselor and staying close to her designated seatmate, Richard Bracken, a retired pilot who had flown for American Airlines for 30 years.
“We should move from the negative politics of slandering each other to the positive politics of embracing each other.” Mr. Lee, who turns 66 on Wednesday, has been hounded by questions about his ethics.
“This is a bipartisan phenomenon absolutely,” Ms. Glover said.
Today, thanks to its resuscitation by Ford — which handed Aston over to a British-based consortium after 13 years of ownership — the company is selling 7,000 cars annually around the world, exponentially more than at any time in its 93-year history.
Only in 1911 was a statue of Bryant unveiled, followed in 1912 by a monument to Josephine Shaw Lowell, a social worker.
The typographic approach was intended to make taxis “feel part of a broader New York public transportation system,” Smart Design said in a statement.
But it is rare that someone makes an affecting connection with anyone else, which means the production is riddled with holes where feelings should be.
MINNETONKA, Minn., Sept. 17 (AP) — Representative Jim Ramstad said Monday that he would not seek a 10th term, saying he is “burned out” after splitting his time between Minnesota and Washington for nearly 20 years.
He would be relegated to a perpetual notoriety, a purgatorial treadmill.
CORAM BOY Adapted by Helen Edmundson, based on the novel by Jamila Gavin; directed by Melly Still; music by Adrian Sutton; musical director and principal conductor, Constantine Kitsopoulos; set and costumes by Ti Green and Ms.
It just seemed wrong to me in a way.
“It’s a great investment,” Mr. Dingell said in an interview.
As a bitter wind rolls in from the lake, my father heads for the garden, carrying a large burlap sack of bulbs.
They were nomadic Manchurian tribesmen organized into a confederation only in the 17th century.
What to Do Glenbrook Center, a busy plaza on Hope Street, offers a supermarket, liquor store, nail salon and sushi restaurant.
Two of the three homeowners’ associations — which together account for about 20 percent of the housing stock — require additional dues, about $400 a year, according to Barbara Gagliardi, a sales associate with Prudential Connecticut Realty.
Venezuela’s millions of poor take them as a sign of Chávez’s commitment to them and to the government’s slogan of “zero misery.” When I visited another Ribas class in an even more remote corner of La Vega, I asked the students what they valued most about the mission.
Tuesday through Jan. 6 at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, (617) 267-9300; mfa.org .
Jered Weaver (10-6) won for the fourth time in five decisions, Garret Anderson had four hits and the Los Angeles Angels defeated the Mariners , 8-2, yesterday in Seattle to complete a three-game sweep and open a five-game lead in the American League West.
His collective family sends thanks for all outpourings of love and respect for this special man, who died last Tuesday, at 87, after a long, courageous struggle with cancer.
And each of them has the ability to react coolly and rationally to peril.
He can barely remember her: if he were to have described her back in the day, he would have said she was “insignificant, even though at the time, he thinks, it would not have occurred to anyone to describe her at all.” Marie-Thérèse is a lively chatterbox of a woman.
Pounding enough pesto for four by hand is all well and good, but to make enough to last me until spring was a test of endurance upon which it was all too easy to cheat.
RAICH TAKES MEN’S SLALOM Benjamin Raich of Austria, the 2006 overall champion, won for the first time this season, capturing the World Cup slalom in Bad Kleinkirchheim, Austria.
"It's like a good golf swing — most of the time you're lined right, you'll hit it in the right spot."
If you have to ask, you don’t belong.
Sandel worries that this urge to improve can get us into trouble.
Kids whose families can’t afford all this junk are made to feel worse and worse, and some parents end up shelling out money that would be better spent elsewhere.” The Firefly, introduced in 2005, costs $49.99, plus $15 an hour of talk time (paid in advance); it comes with a backpack clip.
I found the presentation of male genitalia, packaged and posed and seemingly aroused, totally terrifying.
It may seem baffling, even bizarre, that ordinary shyness could assume the dimension of a mental disease.
When it opened, there she was, my future Gymboree assailant, flanked by a cadre of perfumed compatriots.
The Senate bill would expand the number of work visas for skilled professionals, but high-tech companies say the proposed increase is not nearly enough.
Who was I to argue?
Long ago, they seemed to give up on the hope that Manning would become a facsimile of his brother Peyton, the Colts’ quarterback.
This house in Pleasantville was one of the three ''Usonian'' homes designed by Frank Lloyd Wright as part of a community intended to reflect a modernist lifestyle and a connection to the natural world.
“You have to have interstate traffic and metropolitan proximity to be as successful as Quil Ceda,” he said.
Senator Larry E. Craig to Announce Resignation.
The logic is simple: Destinations attract people, and, as Whyte put it, “what attracts people most, it would appear, is other people.” That would explain the crowds clustered around the fountain, even when it’s dry.
The Slipper Genie cleans the floor as you walk, with removable and washable chenille soles; $11.99 from (888) 394-8328 or stacknrack.com.
Tobias Putrih dreams of such things, as revealed in a survey of his terse, difficult early career now on view at the Neuberger Museum of Art in Purchase.
There was puttying and window washing.
A healthy dose of perspective and maybe some tongue in cheek would do wonders for Samuels’s embedded-in-Hollywood tone.
“We’re going to see subpar growth in employment through the first half of the year, and we could see net declines if things get bad enough,” he said.
The two are inventively combined in the PBS animated series “Cyberchase” and in this exhibition at the New York Hall of Science, which is based on the television show and presents puzzles and games that turn fractions, algebra, geometry and other mathematical subjects into fun.
“If you told any of them, ‘Guess what?
Psychologists who study lucid dreaming do not know why some people need more help triggering full lucidity than others, though they agree that adept lucid dreamers are excellent at remembering dreams.
There is the groom, Bertrand, a young man wearing glasses and the look of a banker, in gray tails.
The Taliban killed two men and released two women from among the original 23 Korean hostages.
If the risks of exercise were low, but real, case reports and small studies would not find them.
Many of the fees go to its loan closing services subsidiary, LandSafe Inc.
“I recall a noise from him that I had never heard before,” said Mr. West, who begins training for the luge season in September with thrice-weekly cardio, core and arm-strengthening workouts.
As he read through the chart, he became increasingly alarmed.
Frustrated by the pace of progress, city officials said last week that they had taken back control of the pier from a private developer and had plans to transform it into the gateway to New York Harbor.
A professor at the University of Sheffield in England and the author of an acclaimed two-volume biography of Hitler , Kershaw focuses on 10 important decisions by Axis and Allied policy makers in the early years of the war.
They made an offer for $700,000 on one apartment in the meatpacking district and are waiting to hear back from the seller.
“Appomattox” was originally commissioned by the Houston Grand Opera, a company with which Mr. Glass has had a long association.
For this service, they pay a fee.
INDIANS 5, ROYALS 4 Casey Blake homered on David Riske’s first pitch in the ninth inning to help Cleveland rally past host Kansas City.
“This is bringing back all the old horror stories of Barry-era shenanigans and an impression of ineptitude and incompetence, words that haven’t been associated with this city for a long time,” said Mark Plotkin, a commentator for WTOP, a news and political talk radio station, alluding to the years when the city was under the control of Mayor Marion S. Barry Jr., whom the police caught on video using drugs and who was later convicted.
American Embassy officials had said Monday that the Blackwater guards had been responding to a car bomb, but Mr. Dabbagh said the bomb was so far away that it could not possibly have been a reason for the convoy to begin shooting.
“All the stores that are on 1stdibs are known, established and credible, so you have confidence in the quality,” said Laura Carrigan, an interior designer with Scott Sanders L.L.C.
From infancy to adulthood, there are marked changes in how much sleep people need each day, the amount of time spent in each stage of sleep and how easily they fall asleep and stay asleep, a factor scientists call sleep efficiency.
Landis was stripped of his Tour title, becoming the first champion in the history of the race to lose the title because of a doping offense.
Abbott Laboratories said yesterday that its third-quarter earnings, excluding special charges, rose on higher sales of its drugs, medical devices and nutritional products.
And Disney’s Miramax specialty unit acquired rights to distribute the movie in the United States, starting with a handful of theaters on Dec. 19, as the awards season begins to peak.
Or when, like Mr. Thun-Hohenstein, you seem to appear, Waldo-like, at every event in town, towering over the crowds at 6 foot 6, while keeping your institution on the cultural map with 90 to 100 public programs and four or five museum-quality exhibitions a year.
The couple are staying in their one-bedroom rental for now.
Peter Negri, a former village trustee and founder of the Committee to Save St. Paul’s, said that until his group was formed, the village was considering a consultant’s recommendation that the building be sold and converted to upscale condominiums.
“Rents heated up so much that people said, ‘At this level, we’re better off buying,’ ” Mr. Frigan said.
While I was waiting, I searched for wrinkle-free sheets elsewhere online.
STREICHER--Ernest, Dr., passed in peace on July 31, 2007.
It was a bitter pill when, in late 1895, just as fund-raising activities were at a peak, the society rejected the Heine Memorial, describing it as “dry, weak and conventional,” according to The Times.
Mr. Levant watches wistfully as they lean into one another, their hands reaching into the air, as if grabbing for money.
The two mattresses that her disabled mother and three siblings shared lay among the ruins of her clothes and broken furniture.
Aero California was suspended last April for failing to meet safety standards.
Hurdle got his first managerial job at 30, and in his first year, in 1988, he led the Mets’ Class A team to a league championship, cementing his status as a rising star in the organization.
He was executive chef at the Mill River Inn in Oyster Bay from 1995 to 2006.
Ticketmaster, a seller of tickets for concerts and sporting events, said revenue grew 13 percent as worldwide ticket sales rose 11 percent and revenue climbed 2 percent a ticket.
Their main champions were an expert on penmanship, a dropout from homeopathic school and a Canadian surgeon who was billed on his travels as “the greatest scientist in all the world.” William Jennings Bryan, noted prosecutor in the Scopes trial, was not overly concerned with the age of the earth; he equated six-day creationism with the flat-earth theory.
But each produces a better than agreeable sound, and the chemistry between them is sufficient to bring this woeful story to life.
Oh right, “Music and Lyrics.” A movie with Hugh Grant and Drew Barrymore.
“But the truth is, this day should have happened 20 years ago.” Mary Dorman, who has lived with her husband, Bud, in a modest brick house in eastern Yonkers since before the lawsuit was filed, was at first one of the most active and vociferous opponents of the construction of public housing on her side of town.
Mr. Clinton often travels overseas for his charitable foundation, and people close to both men say that Mr. Bush loves picking up the latest chatter on global affairs from his friend, and vice versa.
“This has always been on the back of our minds,” said John Malanowski, president of the Lorain Lighthouse Foundation, a group working on the restoration of that city’s historic lighthouse.
Udo Kier is dependably sleazy in the thankless role of an unrepentant pedophile, while the great Virginie Ledoyen is wasted as a human-rights worker whose only task is to remind us of the facts and figures of the under-age sex trade.
Her choice of materials, too, is intended as homage to modern Jordan’s Bedouin heritage, Ms. Hourani said.
Virginia Knauer Burden, a daughter of Valerie Burden and I. Townsend Burden III of Washington, was married yesterday to Jeffrey Paul Hart, a son of Judith A. Hart and Paul B. Hart of Chesterfield, N.J.
For this season, Ms. Cronson suggested Mr. Veggetti, an Italian choreographer whose work she had presented last year.
But now he is 33.
The two-time world champion Stéphane Lambiel won the Grand Prix final men’s figure skating title Saturday, adjusting his program after two faulty jumps to edge Daisuke Takahashi of Japan in Turin, Italy.
Whereas most of us wobble off the overnight flight to Europe with a pained expression and furry tongue, Coughlin seems to reverse the process.
The body reacts by forming nodules called granulomas, which can eventually reduce lung capacity.
“Please don’t reproach me for how empty my life has become,” she sings, unaccompanied, in “Broken Harp.” She describes having an abortion in “When Under Ether,” then muses, in the title song, about having “blood on my hands.” She mourns her grandmother in “To Talk to You,” sings about a murdered woman in “The Piano” and prepares for suicide in “Before Departure.” For Ms. Harvey, quietude offers no repose.
Mr. Messina’s father was a fan of the New York Giants baseball team, and, just as many Giants fans did when the team left for San Francisco, his father became a fan of the fledgling Mets to continue rooting against the Yankees.
CHART: Rates on most adjustable mortgages are set 2 or 3 percentage points above this index.
He said it was in the best interest of the United States to stay in Iraq.
“I teased him,” she recalled.
“That’ll scare audiences away.” Still, he adds, “I find it very sad.” Mr. Redford, 71, has an unwieldy set of expectations to manage with “Lions for Lambs,” despite its modest budget of some $35 million.
Trunk show The world's top players also ride elephant back.
All the networks and Hollywood studios have been hit by the scriptwriters’ strike, but only CBS News would be affected if the news writers went ahead with a strike.
Some people see “Blue Man Group” just to figure out what it’s all about.
To artificially age the denim, it experimented with dozens of chemicals, settling on a potassium spray that leaves a yellow-colored worn look.
For the youthful Picasso the Harlequin was a kind of alter ego, reflecting the alienation of an aspiring artist and foreigner living alone in Paris.
It would make more sense in reverse, these people say, because the principles of physics underlie chemistry, which is crucial for an understanding of biology.
“We’ve got to go out and perform because ultimately, this England team hasn’t delivered,” England captain Phil Vickery said in a phone interview last week.
He was elected to the Senate in 1962, when he was 39.
Ash Creek also offers more than a dozen sandwiches and burgers ($8 to $10.95).
Against the Giants, a potential touchdown in the fourth quarter was nullified when McNabb threw an illegal forward pass.
Mr. Guthartz is now the executive president of New York Ferrets Rights Advocacy/ The Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Ferrets.
The casual observer would believe that the real Henricksons, Bill ( Bill Paxton ) and Barb ( Jeanne Tripplehorn ), live on the far left, with Nicki ( Chloë Sevigny ) in the middle, and Margene (Ginnifer Goodwin) to the right.
The painters who spread the ''contagion'' of Neo-Impressionism get a show at the Guggenheim.
As Brigitte Lefevre, the director of the Paris Opera Ballet, said when she commissioned a work from Mr. Bel: “I do not think that dance is so important in your work, but I do think that your work is important for dance.”
“One, you sue,” Mr. Thompson said.
Laura Pels Theater, 111 West 46th Street, (212) 719-1300.
MEMPHIS 104, AUSTIN PEAY 82 The freshman Derrick Rose had 19 points and 12 assists, and No.
I feel like I’m always working against something.” It was also hard to find much encouragement in Houston’s debut, short as it was.
Burke Lynch, who runs a local kayaking company that takes tourists into the Basin, said the oyster farm would be like “defacing a priceless work of fine art.” Tristan Jackson, a teacher on Vinalhaven who lives on the island year-round, said: “I think oyster farming is great.
Many professionals in town are connected to these institutions, each about seven miles away.
For instance, he is also awaiting a final report from a commission he appointed on how many and which financially ailing hospitals should be saved.
Heather put away her tiles.
Washington University (25-5) will play DePauw University (30-3) for the national championship today.
On the other, the ads also must make sure the target audience — primarily men and women ages 35 to 50 — does not dismiss Alli out of hand as another unworkable get-thin-quick diet scheme.
It’s the dark matter of inner space.
He’s “running a protection racket.” Gov.
The ménage of Clive and Vanessa Bell encompassed the presence of a live-in lover, the bisexual painter Duncan Grant; Grant fathered Vanessa’s child Angelica, whom Clive was happy to pretend was his.
Rent regulations were established in 1943 as a way of ensuring affordable housing for returning war veterans.
In a statement, First Marblehead confirmed that it had received a subpoena related to its role in the student lending industry.
A schedule of the meetings is available at the authority’s Web site, www.mta.info .
Neither Mr. Hansard, who fronts a band called the Frames, nor Ms. Irglova is an established professional actor, though both are gifted composers and performers.
With fellow Brooklyn Tech graduate Max Verebay they started Kaltman Press in 1932 to print labels by the letterpress process.
For us it was about our friendship.
Finally she wrote that she simply wanted to remain connected.
And to get that uranium enriched to weapons grade, all it has to do is keep running it through its centrifuges.
But his crystalline technique, which worked to luxurious and lovely effect on ''The Summer Knows,'' felt a bit too florid on ''Brian's Song.''
Still feel your love, still hear your laughter.
They defeated the Rangers, 2-0, on Oct. 6 and, 3-1, a week later.
It also has no strategic reserves, and demand is growing faster than in any other economy except China’s.
Antipsychotics like Seroquel or Risperdal, which are commonly prescribed for bipolar disorder, can cause weight gain and changes in blood sugar — risk factors for diabetes .
While the cooking hits few creative heights, it is careful, consistent and even stylish.
While golf and shooting have marked differences, Bassham and his clients see an overlap in which one athlete shoots at a flagstick on a green and the other fires at a tiny 10 ring on a distant target.
Many Republicans say the White House should have been more aggressive early on in getting behind a counterproposal.
“You could try two,” I said, still polite, because I don’t know how to use his grinder or his steamer or the buttons on his espresso machine.
“I woke up one morning and it was like the city had disappeared,” said George Mayorga, who recently purchased a studio on the 54th floor of 474 North Lake Shore Drive, a new condominium building near the Loop.
Pap had said there were “other people like us” in Alaska, so after he dies of an infected wound, that is where Moon heads.
And over the summer, apartments across the park at the limestone-clad 15 Central Park West will begin closing, adding further juice to the market.
Ms. Blakey, who led the National Transportation Safety Board before joining the F.A.A., was appointed by President Bush to a five-year term.
Some of opera’s greatest figures performed.
These steps will result in less illness, which in turn will require less health care.
“How can you divide up something in an evolutionary stage?
He said many flavor manufacturers had already embraced better ventilation, employee health testing, and new safety and educational programs.
Turning off North Arizona Boulevard near a Blockbuster Video store and KFC/Taco Bell, I saw the Great House, four stories high, loom into view.
I wished for bigger bites of romaine in the Caesar, though the Parmesan crisp helped compensate.
Since I’m so relaxed, I often engage in conversations with seatmates.
Early American male defenders had suffered the further mortification of hearing female captives (Mary Rowlandson among them) disparage their protective efforts gone awry or, worse, recount how they managed to defend themselves.
(I tended to make a grand, nearly cinematic deal of flicking the bubbles away, as though to say, “Now, Mom, aren’t you glad I was a junkie?”) My mother was not the most serene person, but when things got uncomfortable, or frightening, she grew steadier.
Pdvsa attracted the cream of Venezuela’s professional class.
He was named Mr. Basketball in Illinois after averaging 25.2 points, 9.1 rebounds, 8.8 assists and 3.4 steals his senior year at Simeon Career Academy, which claimed its second consecutive state title.
“I need one roll-off-roof design for working with multiple telescopes at once,” he said, “and a separate dome observatory for imaging purposes with a larger scope.
At Calvin Klein, 654 Madison Avenue.
— designing the handsome Pontiacs of 1937-38.
There is a whole language of pickling I don’t speak.” Lately, they’ve been focusing on potatoes.
Critics, however, have been mixed but encouraging in their responses to the company, one of Vietnam’s first contemporary dance troupes.
The new planet, 45 times the mass of Earth, is thought to lie in a habitable zone that is warm enough for liquid water.
Flying with children, the critics say, has become a scary experience.
Which one's an express?” asked Patricia Wundersee, a military pay technician at Fort Riley, Kan. “When should you not get on the subway?” asked Doug Ivey, in from Tennessee.
“It’s a good way to show what these young women’s lives are like,” Ms. Shugart said, mentioning the challenges of stepping from anonymity into the limelight.
J. D. BIERSDORFER Questions about computer-based technology may be sent to QandA @nytimes.com.
“What’s produced here is all about ‘You don’t love me’ or ‘I don’t love you.’ It’s lousy, and without layers.” At that, her friend Yu Yun spoke up.
Rodriguez, the runner at second, shifted a few steps off the base and turned to watch the ball’s flight toward left center.
This didn’t go over so smoothly.
Last year, she was dismissed from the student teaching program at a nearby high school and denied her teaching credential after the school staff came across her photograph on her MySpace profile.
When he first returned to competition in 2005, he said he looked to Haas as an inspiration.
big matchup In China, tonight’s game between the Bucks and the Rockets is expected to draw TV ratings that would put even a Super Bowl to shame.
All those hours of movies and not a single car chase, shootout or kung fu fight.” But it is possible that Ms. Rowling may be mistaken about her own character.
“The first two I can definitely say I was trying to do too much,” Sabathia said.
Facebook, the online social network, has stolen some of MySpace ’s momentum with users and the news media.
After 22 years in America, she had come to see the teenager’s music as a reminder of the vibrancy of Indian cities like Vadodara, where she grew up, and Karnal, where singing from a local Sikh temple used to wake her at 3 in the morning.
Scheduled to be introduced on Sept. 10 in the company’s stores in New York, Atlanta, Chicago and Los Angeles, these West Coast girls are the first new characters in the series in five years and the first to be situated in an era so close to the present.
In fact, a lot of people associated with this family seem to be dead, and as the two men trade remembrances there are hints of sinister explanations.
“Back to You” could not be more conventional, yet it still manages to be witty in a fresh way.
Mr. Lin initially aligned himself with the revolutionary impulses of the day, but simultaneously probed China’s deep past.
hockey in the United States.
She graduated cum laude from Duke and received a master’s degree in nutrition and dietetics from New York University.
In the approved agreement, Rodriguez will share in revenue the Yankees generate by marketing his home run milestones.
Part of the problem of fashioning a forceful policy, critics like Mr. Markey say, was that the American approach to Pakistan was never sewn together as a whole.
When one poll asked Republicans and Democrats if they would vote for a “qualified” black of their own party, barely 5 percent said no — hardly surprising, as doing so would be a frank acknowledgment of prejudice.
Sanyo expects the Xacti E1 to be available through online retailers by mid-June for about $500.
“It’s been a constant for more than 40 years,” said Mrs. Sear, the mother of four and grandmother of five.
''You know you're going to stay dry.''
only partly approved his transcripts, spent hours with Pat Dixon, the Red Storm’s strength and conditioning coach.
And the gloomy reports are dashing hopes that large year-end bonus checks for investment bankers and traders would continue to fuel the local economy.
Federal officials are increasingly turning to genetic testing to verify the biological bonds between new citizens and the overseas relatives they hope to bring here, particularly those from war-torn or developing countries where identity documents can be scarce or doctored.
At the pediatric clinic managed by the state-supported University of Florida dental school, for example, low-income children must wait six months for surgery.
“Championship play is in front of us.
“They tend to do just one thing,” Mr. Dennis said.
But I’ll be happy to conduct a straw poll to let fans tell him what to do.
418 North Bishop Ave.; (214) 942-7400; entrees $9 to $37.
It turned the older Mr. Xu into a local celebrity.
“I would argue that the faculty in the applied physics department has been very accommodating of this little tangential path I’ve gone down.” That does not keep him from taking some ribbing from his peers.
Instead of forcing users to write with a stylus on a computer’s slippery display, Livescribe put the computer inside a plump ballpoint pen that is used on paper imprinted with nearly invisible miniature dots.
There is also a good dose of “Star Wars” thrown in.
Every hit was hit hard.
The winner, Silvia Battisti, was 18.)
In a rare act of violence in the world’s smallest independent state, a 25-year-old Vatican gendarme was found dead of a gunshot wound in a barracks bathroom, apparently a suicide, the Vatican said.
“But we wanted to make sure that each state got the information through a legal process that allowed them to use it to prosecute and lock up these sexual predators.
Complex magazine had one for its fifth, and even more shamelessly, p.i.n.k.
Jennie was a lifelong believer in natural, holistic living.
Her father is an ophthalmic surgeon in private practice in Syracuse.
HeidelbergCement, the biggest concrete maker in Germany, said it might bid for Hanson, the world's largest supplier of crushed rock, setting off a 20 percent gain in Hanson's stock price.
“What it shows is that there is basically room for a partnership between writers and the studios in a new medium.
In March, Episcopal bishops rejected the parallel structure, saying it would compromise church autonomy.
In 2005, the N.C.A.A.’s Committee on Infractions ruled that Georgia Tech had to vacate football victories for the 1998 and 2004 seasons after an investigation.
The site, which was acquired last year by Platinum Studios, allows creators under contract to share in deals for things like downloadable content, comics-related ring tones or toys.
This month, Apple opened its third Manhattan store, in a three-story, 10,500-square-foot renovated building in the meatpacking district on West 14th Street.
The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index climbed 20.59 points, or 1.4 percent, to close at 1,453.65.
Vonn overcame her error and finished the Karel Schranz course in 1 minute 32 seconds for her second victory of the season.
A few shots later, when he fisted a backhand lob volley over Stepanek’s head, Djokovic dropped to his knees, overcome with his 6-7 (4), 7-6 (5), 5-7, 7-5, 7-6 (2) second-round victory.
She loved crosswords, the Beatles and good food.
According to the indictment, Mr. Weiss owned from 13.5 percent to 39.5 percent of Milberg Weiss or its predecessor firms from 1983 to 2005, and earned some $209.9 million in partner profits.
The lawsuit has been repeatedly rejected by Beijing courts.
“I think it will improve things around here if people have to stand up when they oppose legislation.
According to one theory, ratafia has the same Latin roots as ratify; ratafias were traditionally drunk to seal the signing of a treaty.
“It was incredibly difficult being single in Chappaqua, where I was living at the time,” Ms. Miller said.
The pumpkin-colored walls, jazz pulsing in the background and diners enjoying a crisp glass of wine with lunch give the place the feel of a Parisian cafe — especially when the waiter provides a piece of house-made dark chocolate with pecans and dried cherries after the meal.
The Mets are clearly looking for big seasons from Pérez and Maine, who each won 15 games last season.
Almost immediately, activist groups announced plans to conduct antiwar events in the states of key Republican senators.
Dearest mother and my best friend, you are forever in my heart.
Late in the third quarter, with defenders swarming around him again, McNabb dropped back to pass and dropped the ball.
WHERE TO STAY Inn of the Anasazi (113 Washington Avenue; reservations, 800-688-8100; www.innoftheanasazi.com).
Campbell had threatened to abandon its corporate headquarters in Camden, where 1,200 employees work, if it did not get approval to demolish the building.
The new movie, made for less than $2 million, will stream for free but will have 15- or 30-second commercials before and after it plays.
1 overall pick since 1986.
So of course Janet’s inherited Shieling does turn out to be the cottage where Tom is already living, where his mother brought him, near the end of their gypsy wanderings.
I felt as if I were there, happily listening in.
Census figures from 2000 showed that 11,000 people of Somali ancestry lived in Minnesota.
— $83.” “Fly anywhere and save!
She graduated from the University of Wisconsin and received a master’s degree in development economics from the London School of Economics and Political Science.
He was a man of piercing intellect and curiosity, brilliant thought and focused discipline but his greatest gift was his immense capacity for giving of himself to others.
The aim in using it is lasting relief from chest pains and shortness of breath , the symptoms of clogged coronary arteries known as angina .
Closing arguments in the prostitution trial ended last week, the same week that federal prosecutors got to the heart of the Long Island case against Varsha Sabhnani and her husband, Mahender Sabhnani — hours of testimony from a 51-year-old woman who said she had been repeatedly and viciously attacked by Mrs. Sabhnani.
“In some respects, this may be a correction,” Mr. Nicolini, of Milwaukee, said of the real estate decline.
The reconstruction, by Katarina Livljanic, Dialogos’s resident musicologist, inevitably has as much (or more) to do with her sensibilities as with how the piece might have sounded at the time.
And each of their developers appears to be treating Rexcorp as a sort of superhero coming to the rescue.
Family will be receiving Sunday and Monday, 2-5pm and 7-9pm, from the Frank E. Campbell ''The Funeral Chapel'', Madison Avenue at 81st St., New York City, NY.
It explained the existence of what were thought to be psychic phenomena: ghostly apparitions, communications from the dead at séances and seeming cases of reincarnation.
Laboratory officials said hackers might have infiltrated a database of names, Social Security numbers and birth dates of every laboratory visitor from 1990 to 2004.
At least once a year on Labor Day, let’s rise to salute the labor movement’s many important contributions to the quality of life in the United States, instead of sinking to sling flip insults that, in the end, belittle us all.
He graduated from Rutgers University before earning his doctorate in zoology from the University of Wisconsin in 1931.
Exceptional grandfather of Jodi and David, Jonathan and Cathy, Jimmy and Jill, Jemma and Jason, loving to great-grandchildren Jaclyn, Jacob, Jessica, Jennifer, Maggie and Aaron.
Miguel Moutinho, the leader of Portugal’s largest animal welfare group, who has gone so far as to step between a matador and a bull in the middle of a fight, calls the killing ban a “pathetic” example of Portuguese passive-aggressiveness.
Asked how long it has felt since hitting his 499th homer, Rodriguez did not hesitate.
MARATHON 2007, SERIES A Presented by the Ensemble Studio Theater , William Carden, producing artistic director; Renee Blinkwolt, producer.
“We really built a home,” Mrs. O’Brien said, “and it was frustrating to have to leave it for half of the year.” (During their absences, they rented it out through vacation home rental agencies like Quality Villas, HomesAway, Doorways and CV Travel.)
This in turn generates another tension, one that has particular currency today: to what extent must biography, to be worthy of its name, be based on knowable fact, and to what extent does a full picture of a human personality depend on speculation, symbolism and fictionalization?
While this requirement could be used to protect American jobs from foreign competition, if handled equitably, it could provide an elegant solution to the leakage problem.
Similarly, when recounting Cunard’s involvement with an English pro-Resistance group during World War II, Gordon quotes without comment Cunard’s avowed preference for working “six night shifts in a row,” past the point “when ears and eyes give out” and “the spine turns to rubber.” “ ‘Sleep?
A week later, Mr. Gomez’s site had more than 2,000 members and seven of his friends were working the hallways on Capitol Hill.
It’s a trick often used in meatloaf-making.
So Mr. Joshi is beginning to introduce a strategy that could be as important as his previous strategic shifts.
The state’s total foreign-born population increased by 585,000 from 1995 to 2000, but by 262,000 since 2000.
But why should they be permitted to operate beyond judicial scrutiny if, as we unceasingly tell ourselves, we are a nation of laws not men?
The reasons are numerous, not the least of them that he has created such memorable characters as Anna Madrigal, the doyenne of the fictional Barbary Lane who is perhaps the first Buddha-wise, pot-smoking, transgender heroine in American literature.
Roma defeated Inter Milan, 1-0, to win only its second Supercup, Italy’s traditional season opener.Daniele De Rossi converted a penalty in the 78th minute after Francesco Totti was fouled by Inter defender Nicolas Burdisso.The Serie A season kicks off Saturday.
The band members wore mostly black clothes instead of their old candy-colored wardrobes.
She wrote books that ranked among Publishers Weekly’s top 10 religion best sellers, and her gospel album “A Piece of My Passion” went gold.
Assuming that average cover costs for a performance are $4,000, the total could be close to $1 million a season, if not more.
Anyone can criticize or blame.
She graduated from Kean College and received a law degree from Ohio Northern University.
The Vikings scored on the next play.
“In Colombia , one way or another way, every family has a story,” said Ms. Palomino, 53.
The offerings tend to have the same offbeat sensibility as other Fringe productions, but nothing that would make young audiences (or their parents) blush.
She called it “the Riverdale heartbreaker.” Weary and discouraged, they decided to abandon the hunt for the time being.
“IN this town, if you lift a rock you find a writer,” said Ellen Doré Watson, director of the Smith College Poetry Center (413-585-4891; www.smith.edu/poetrycenter ) in Northampton.
His father is the president of Demsey Steel, a steel processing and finishing company in Cleveland.
“We believe that space offers a lot of flexibility,” Lieut.
An estimated 10,000 people will receive 60-pound boxes containing food, personal-care items and toys, some distributed by members of the Kings and the Nets, who play Tuesday night at the Izod Center in East Rutherford, N.J. “I realize now, more than ever before, how we can’t take people who need us for granted,” said Artest, who grew up in Queensbridge, a rough neighborhood about a 15-minute drive from the cathedral.
What a brilliant pair you made.
Russia pre-emptively sent its own “observers” to elections in Belarus to contradict the organization’s misgivings.
(In any case “My Way” is for multiple couples in “Nine Sinatra Songs.”) And the final male solo, “One for My Baby (and One More for the Road),” is the enthralling sole property of “Suite.” This classic Harold Arlen-Johnny Mercer song was introduced to the world (in the movie “The Sky’s the Limit”) by Fred Astaire, first singing and then dancing; his dancing was never more startlingly abrasive.
The incentive to stick to the drama, of course, remains what it was for Odets and Williams: the chance to pursue a personal vision, not write to order or fit your words to someone else’s formula.
Plans for a new ballpark, record attendance and an increase in sponsorship lifted the Yankees’ value 17 percent from the magazine’s estimate for last year, said Kurt Badenhausen, an associate editor at Forbes.
When Morris called on him to release the rest of his newsletters, he would not.
His father, a cardiologist, is the director of clinical cardiology at New York Hospital Queens, in Flushing.
His parole officer, Mark Nanamori, ordered him to attend A.A. meetings.
In Chennai and Bangalore, two of India’s high-tech capitals, bars — which usually crawl with young people — are supposed to close by 11 and 11:30 p.m., but often do not.
Chinese toothpaste containing “trace amounts” of diethylene glycol has also been recalled from healthcare institutions by McKesson, a major pharmaceutical distributor and health services company, said a spokesman, James Larkin.
When he turned 80 in 2005, Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi flew to his birthday celebration and gave a speech.
“Commissioner Madonna welcomes any inquiry into the Waterfront Commission because he has the highest confidence in the procedures of the agency.” The government official, who also insisted on anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the investigation, said the authorities were also looking into accusations that the commission “inappropriately” spent agency money.
“Big East football, you’d better be locked in every game.” The measure of a conference is always related to its depth.
First stop: Head Start in Framingham.
“A Miele will break less often.
Today, the treaty will face yet another critical moment in its long and troubled life when the Foreign Relations Committee votes on whether to send it to the floor.
Although the State Department has been criticized for appearing to protect Blackwater when the Iraqi government wants to evict the company, Mr. Kennedy said the department had not moved too slowly.
record book for free-throw futility before winning at home.
The early pages of “Matrimony,” Joshua Henkin’s second novel, call to mind an academic trick employed by Carter Heinz, one of the main characters: “He had started to write what he called beyond-the-scope-of-this-paper papers, in which he would begin by listing all of the things he wasn’t going to write about.” “Matrimony” appears, by turns, to be a campus novel (it begins at Graymont College, a fictional liberal arts school in Massachusetts); a buddy novel (the middle-class Carter forms a friendship with Julian Wainwright, a wealthy New York heir); a writing workshop novel (Carter and Julian meet in one); a meditation on literary influence (the workshop teacher is a cantankerous institution reminiscent of Gordon Lish); and a novel about people writing novels (Carter and Julian both want to, of course).
No Jewish community in the world (other than two small Syrian congregations in Mexico and Argentina) has ever had such an extreme rule.
The video quality isn’t great — it’s especially grainy in low light, and in the standard quality mode, faint blotchiness is visible.
Assuming control over the nation, the committee said in a statement that “a mortal danger had come to loom large” because Mr. Gorbachev’s efforts at reform had turned down a “blind alley.” The committee tried to impose strict controls over independent media and public meetings, but Boris N. Yeltsin, who at the time was president of the Russian federated republic, quickly mustered public support for Mr. Gorbachev.
That is why in 25 years, the marathon has become an afterthought to Navarra only once — on Sept. 11, 2001.
102) represented salesmanship at its most sublime.
So Katz and Jones, with 44 combined years of measuring experience, brushed against overgrown bushes as they rounded curves, and yelled at a stray runner: “Get off the line!
BUYERS of consumer electronics are haunted by one question: Should I buy now or wait for new features, better performance and lower prices?
“There is no evidence to suggest that someone produced this picture ... to pass it off as a work by van Gogh.” When it was thought to be a van Gogh, the painting had been valued at about $21 million.
In the late 1700s, Lewis Morris Jr., a landowner from New York, put it in his will that his son Gouverneur Morris should receive “the best education that is to be had in Europe or America, but my express will and directions are that he never be sent for that purpose to the colony of Connecticut lest he should imbibe in his youth that low craft and cunning so incident to the people of that country.” Although to a New Yorker the colony may have seemed like a foreign place, and Yale not much of a school, by any standard the judgment was harsh.
I remember hearing Howard Stern say he went four days a week, and the people on his show really cracked on him for that.” That is precisely the problem facing the New York Psychoanalytic Society.
With the Red Wings enjoying a two-man advantage, Holmstrom put a shot through Kiprusoff’s pads from the slot for his 13th goal.
Mr. Murray killed two people early Sunday at a missionary training center near Denver and had just killed two teenage sisters in the parking lot at New Life, about 12 hours later, before facing Ms. Assam.
He graduated from Lycoming College in Williamsport, Pa., and received a master’s in forensic medicine from the Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine.
Other states, including Vermont, have rejected such proposals, and national advocates for assisted suicide said they would be watching California’s bill next week with particular concern.
Senator Barack Obama said Wednesday that the United States should shift its military focus away from the Iraq war to a broader fight against Islamic extremism, vowing to dispatch American forces to eradicate terrorist camps in Pakistan if that nation failed to take such action.
But the running community is more than the casual acquaintances you might strike up at races, as I discovered when I joined the Raritan Valley Road Runners and e-mailed its president, Gene Gugliotta, asking if he knew someone who could be a partner for me on long runs.
Germany ’s second most powerful politician, Vice Chancellor Franz Müntefering, announced Tuesday that he would resign from office.
That effort received a major boost on Wednesday when Mr. Corzine and State Senator Raymond Lesniak of Union County announced that they would attempt to raise $30 million in private funds to make up for the withdrawn state loan.
With its old-timey feel and focus on tradition, the Barn turned out to be a good prelude to the bluegrass festival the next day in Rosine, a little town 80 miles west of Bardstown that has a cemetery, a general store and not much else.
Although no one blamed any single group for the bombing, Mr. Hassani has in recent months been vocal in his criticisms of the Mahdi Army militia, which is loyal to Moktada al-Sadr, the Supreme Islamic Iraqi Council’s political rival.
The consultants gave me historical data for all females 15 and older, as well as all those 18 and older.
The bars sometimes denote a prison, sometimes a church confessional; often the sense of constraint that fetters the lead characters, a priest and a nun; and always the eye to detail that makes this production, directed by Scott Alan Evans, so compelling.
Dr. Miller had opened an experimental approach toward one of the hardest remaining problems in biology.
Only 11 games into a new season, the 2-9 Knicks have lost eight consecutive games, fans are booing lustily and chanting “Fire Isiah.” Thomas said he was not taking the hostile reaction personally because fans, like the team, want to win.
Haynes, who has a degree in animal science, has two puppies and several reptiles.
The Stamford police were seeking to extradite the woman, Sheila Davalloo, above, to stand trial in the killing of Anna Lisa Raymundo, 32, on Nov. 8, 2002.
“Oh, man, that is fantastic news!” Ms. Melroy exclaimed over the radio link.
“I’ve heard other parents say, ‘He’s swinging way better than my 6- or 8-year-old,’” said Brian Jones, the Rockies’ video coordinator, who grew up with Holliday in Stillwater, Okla. “He just picks up on everything.” Some children watch “The Wiggles” or “Sesame Street.” Jackson’s favorite television show — at Tom Holliday’s house, at least — is a highlight tape of the College World Series.
Mr. Clemons suggested that that has caused a subtle tectonic shift in how nations view it and, conversely, the United States.
Despite its imposing name, a hydrocolloid is a simple thing.
Though there is an obvious strength in numbers, they were also drawn together by shared personal and professional goals.
And then the farm lobby did what it has always done: bought off its critics with “programs.” For that reason “Americans who eat” can expect some nutritious crumbs from the farm bill, just enough to ensure that reform-minded legislators will hold their noses and support it.
A panel of scientists convened by the country’s leading scientific advisory group says the hunt for extraterrestrial life should be greatly expanded to include what they call “weird life”: organisms that lack DNA or other molecules found in life as we know it.
(You don’t need to add gelatin to meat stocks, which already contain it.)
South Dakota began providing Gardasil free to the same age group in late January with $1.7 million approved by the Legislature and $7.5 million in federal money, Health Secretary Doneen Hollingsworth said.
Although the F.D.A.’s staff had been critical of the drug in an analysis released on Monday, many Wall Street analysts had nevertheless thought the committee, made up mainly of cancer doctors, would vote in favor of approval.
We all have seen these people.
It’s like a postapocalyptic political rally or a rock ’n’ roll light show after all the people have gone.
“In Latin America, the corruption of security forces is huge,” said Tobias Friedl, Latin America manager for iJET Intelligent Risk Systems, which helps multinational organizations assess travel risks to staff and assets, avert trouble and respond when problems arise.
Larry will be missed by his nephew Sean and cousins.
Since his retirement, he had been traveling spending most of his time in Akaroa, New Zealand.
Loving companion of Orlando Rodriguez.
Apple’s iPhone is still several months away from being available, but its flexible interface is already shaking up the cellphone industry, including Palm, which makes the hybrid phone-organizers known as smart phones.
Mr. Aladesuyi uses a similar EarthSearch system to disengage the engine of his own Mercedes E500 sedan, making it “virtually impossible” to steal, he said.
Italy was, in the broader scheme of things, a sideshow.
My baby carrier is a $150 torture device.
Last month the Practical Traveler column offered tips on traveling with dogs from Cesar Millan, a dog behaviorist better known as National Geographic Channel’s Dog Whisperer.
Her mother retired as a history teacher at Smithtown High School in Smithtown, N.Y. Mr. Mandel, 33, works in Bellerose, N.Y., as a supervisor at Man-dell Food Stores, a family-owned chain within the Key Food Stores cooperative, in Brooklyn and Queens.
Born actress that she is, she just kept singing, shrugging her shoulders as if to say, “What are you going to do?,” then finished the aria in triumph.
Now the Landmarks Preservation Commission has taken an interest.
The owner, Dr. Nicholas Bartha, was suspected of causing the explosion by tampering with the gas line as an act of vengeance against his former wife.
The Mets, weather permitting, will play ball.
"It wasn't a Scott Norwood deal where you wondered if he might make it," a member of the Colts' staff tells me.
They come every week for half a day.
The bridegroom is the stepson of Ludwig Becker.
“Look how they live!” he said, disgusted.
The courtyard is now surrounded by raucous bars, and you can sit outside in the evening drinking rum over ice while teenage troupes perform interpretations of traditional African dances to the accompaniment of thundering drums.
She did return home with a new circle of Syracuse friends she’d met in Spain.
There were more Democrats than Republicans (Senator John McCain was in Iraq and Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York mayor, was not campaigning), but both parties were adequately represented.
; Denny, of Santa Monica, Calif.; and Wayne, of Wellesley, Mass.
“One of the best things about the Cathouse Associates is our meetings,” said Ms. DeVito, 33, a painter who is also an elementary school art teacher in White Plains and a co-owner of the Maxwell Fine Arts galleries in Peekskill and North Salem.
Many of the criminals are religious and sexual puritans.
It calls for separate tiers of licenses.
Working for an independent newspaper in Livermore, Calif., in the 1960s and 1970s, he began to document the lives of friends, relatives and neighbors in the town’s suburban communities.
Cons Traffic is heavy in summer.
We’ve always been in there.
Except that he had a grandfather — a wildcatter, con man and scofflaw by trade — who, according to legend, once owned property in Ojai, and Mr. Langley liked the idea of returning.
“We’re far from the industrial world.” La Ferme Saint-Aubin (No.
Mr. Edwards’s relationship with Fortress has become a recurring campaign issue.
The owners, Egon Palmgren and Simon Ruud, were full of recommendations for everything from secluded beaches to local art galleries and restaurants.
Lilly has spent $1.2 billion since 2004 to settle lawsuits from 28,500 people who claimed they developed diabetes or heart problems after taking the drug.
“We keep the passports to stop them from running away to Turkey,” he said.
Intelligence officials say they know of at least four men who frequented the center, one of them a convert, who traveled to Chechnya.
It was a five-hour trip, and I’d planned to wait a bit, but Ben was eager to find out what his special treat was.
In 1953, Tanya married Walter Booth Brooks III, of the Brooks, Cromwell and Stotesbury families.
Standard & Poor’s, the ratings agency, warned yesterday that it might downgrade several issuers of commercial paper, a short-term I.O.U.
The continuo, which included Mr. Stubbs and Mr. O’Dette, was particularly fine.
Steven rested his head on his brother’s chest as they watched “A Christmas Story.” When Jimmy burped, Steven laughed.
Malevich, Kandinsky and Mondrian all thought they had embodied a universal spiritual language in aesthetic form.
Probation officers recommended 18 months.
The Indians’ victory over the Yankees in the division series produced an unexpected result.
Remove each with a slotted spoon and set in a shallow dish.
In 1954, Professor Keeton wrote “Trial Tactics and Methods” (Little, Brown and Company), which offered practical courtroom advice rather than legal theory.
This is a much higher growth rate than for many endangered species, which tend to suffer from low fertility and produce their first offspring late in life.
Pettitte said he expected the change of scenery and the pressure of sudden death to awaken the lineup, but how many Yankees can still tap into the residue of those championship seasons when, as Clemens said, “it’s been a long seven years” since the last one?
For greenery, though, nothing is greener than Jasper Johns’s “Green Target” (1955): leaf-green, hope-green, it’s a traffic light set on “go.” And if you obey it, you’ll soon clear the woods and find yourself on a rise, approaching the sea.
Under the original deal, Cerberus was to pay $300 million less than Option One’s net asset value.
With around 2,500 visitors a day, some believe there are already too many tourists roaming around Machu Picchu destroying not just the ruins, but also the flora and fauna.
But because they were still straining to pay their bills, she returned to work part time this month, at a home for the elderly.
Jeffrey Epstein Charlotte, N.C., Dec. 18, 2007  To the Editor: The qualities that David Brooks extols in Senator Barack Obama, including his inner-directedness and his ability to sympathize with rivals, are indeed commendable.
These two paintings are also titled “North America Divided.” What they convey, apart from their mild, unassertive message, is that Mr. Jenney is a painter of remarkable technical skills whose feeling for color, texture and form can stand up to the best of the American landscapists that he has studied over the years.
Ms. DeGeneres argued that her syndication contract requires her to deliver shows to the stations that have purchased them and so she was obligated to work.
Any credible strategy needs to reduce oil consumption and increase other energy supplies.
Both are diploid genomes, meaning that they include the DNA sequence in the chromosomes inherited from both parents, whereas the reference genome completed by the Human Genome Project did not capture these differences.
But there is not a shred of scientific evidence to support the enduring view that patients bring such events on themselves through incorrect thinking.
Author of books and periodicals on horticulture.
On her way to becoming a villainous principal in Blick’s eventual undoing, Anna is given no feelings, only purposes and points of view.
Insurgents dragged the bodies of dead Ethiopian soldiers through the streets of the capital Mogadishu after another flare-up of fighting that killed at least 21 people and sent thousands fleeing the volatile city.
Stating that “compliance requirements in all areas are now at 100 percent levels,” the report said that “it appears the ultimate goal has been attained.” “Ample evidence exists to suggest that the agency has become self-monitoring and self-correcting to a degree not often observed in American law enforcement,” the report added.
But the city, known internationally as a symbol of American hedonism, has long been considered a likely prime target of terrorists.
In 1986, when he left New York to rescue the foundering Shakespeare Theater at the Folger, which had recently separated from the Folger Shakespeare Library, he experienced some drama of his own on his first night here.
“There’s a camaraderie that is completely bone-felt, among the performers and even the people on the street,” Mr. Moore, the singer, said.
Without nature, Swann seems to be saying, not much will be left to wax nostalgic about in future memories of childhood.
And, of course, some of the vineyard’s top labels were served: Charme 2004 and the Redoma Branco Reserva 2005.
Football has generated excitement at Rutgers and, not coincidentally, revenue.
“We encouraged the family to approach one of these other parishes in order that Mrs. Gonzalez could have a proper and fitting Mass of Christian Burial,” Mr. Zwilling said.
“The fleet is aging almost one-for-one with the calendar,” said Roger E. King, an analyst at CreditSights, who predicts that the trend will continue for about five years.
The resulting “absolute idealism” dominated Western philosophy up to the beginning of the 20th century.
Fizzy and entertaining on the surface, it has a disquieting underside.
She continued: “When we met, the first thing he said was, ‘Did you find me through The New York Times?’ In fact, I’d used detectives to find him, but what he meant was that he had been advertising in the back of the Book Review.
Vudu, as it turns out, gets movies during Phases 2, 3 and 5.
Loving grandfather of Amanda, Sam, Zach and stepgrandson Josh.
The first thing to understand about prostitution, including legal prostitution, is that the element of coercion is almost always present.
“He is angry and very emotional,” Ms. Loveland said of her husband, whom she would not name because she feared he would lose his job.
BOBCATS 102, BUCKS 99 Raymond Felton had 26 points and 12 assists in Charlotte’s victory against visiting Milwaukee.
DELHI PALACE (718) 507-0666; 37-33 74th Street (37th Avenue); $; $25 and Under: 7/1/98, Article: 3/9/05.
The subtle message sent to all Yankees was that positions were no longer being given on the basis of merit.
When all else failed — the War on Poverty, welfare, public schools — affirmative action would be there to help less-fortunate Americans overcome the circumstances of their origins.
Nehru, a Hindu and India’s first prime minister, was a great admirer of Akbar.” Akbar wasn’t just tolerant.
After dark, the site is magical, with the sparkle of the Tappan Zee Bridge, the George Washington Bridge and downtown Manhattan visible from almost every seat in the main dining room.
“They’ve told us their funds are limited,” Ms. Laborde said.
The Liberal Democratic-led government does not have to call a general election for two years, but it will face intense pressure to call one sooner and ask for a popular mandate.
“I thought this was the British twist: ‘How much are we worth to you?’” Mr. Hougland said.
And, of course, sticking Western cameras into unspoiled cultures is a dubious practice.
The poll confirmed that former President Bill Clinton was an effective campaign weapon for his wife.
All week, as details of the relationship spread across the state and as two new investigations into the matter — one looking for any possible criminal wrongdoing — were opened, leaders in both parties raised questions about Mr. Morrison’s political future.
How is it possible that untrained personnel are entrusted with the professional task of intravenous catheter placement in death-row inmates?
The victory began a six-game winning streak.
Eighteen crews from the United States are set to race today at Henley Royal Regatta, one of the world’s oldest rowing events.
The brigade commanders, officials say, are in the best position to evaluate the threats in their areas, the abilities of the Iraqi forces they work with and the local political situation.
Terry Ryan did the job with the Twins and Billy Beane with the Athletics, but Cam Bonifay and Dave Littlefield were unable to do it with the Pirates.
State archives and the Library of Congress have digitized maps in their collections.
Dearest Zena, devoted, loving and nurturing friend, travel companion and amazing being.
And there is a wall of figurative works, including van Gogh’s richly colored painting “The Zouave,” from 1888, and Kirchner’s “Woman in Front of a Vase With Sunflowers,” from 1906, that unmistakably conjure Matisse.
A century ago, Julie’s great-grandfather emigrated to New York from the Jewish quarter of Vilnius, at the time one of the world’s most vibrant Jewish communities, later decimated by the Nazis.
In the Antarctic summer, which lasts from October to February, the temperature hovers around 0 degrees Fahrenheit.
But while in Iraq, I found that in practice, the top commanders generally did not count deaths from bombings as sectarian killings, even though it is clear to even the most casual observer of the war that the bombings are motivated by sectarian and ethnic hatreds.
Those who said they did consumed about 634 calories, about 50 calories less than those who did not, the study found.
As she dances, she looks to some far imaginary horizon, but almost inwardly, her eyes focused but not focusing on anything, though she comes close in her scenes with the Don.
KNOW YOUR MATADORS: One of the most legendary toreros is Manolete, killed by a bull in 1947.
Police officers, lawyers, teachers, nurses and doctors can have their loans forgiven, under certain conditions.
They were Denver, Colo.; East Baton Rouge Parish, La.
Intelligence agencies, news organizations and scientific journals employ Dr. Farid’s consulting services when they need to authenticate the validity of images.
It is an indication of how the commission, which released the document Thursday, is likely to rule on the idea.
Lt. Gen. James Mattis, the commanding general in the case, also granted the marine, Sgt.
Mr. Ribot called the police in Clifton, who called the police in Passaic.
You can read them, along with his personal letters and manuscripts, in the philosopher's sumptuous salons.
The Flyers struck again 2 minutes 9 seconds later when Kapanen slid a backhand past DiPietro for a 2-0 lead.
with its Weill Recital Hall and Weill Music Institute — has long benefited from the largess of Sanford I. Weill , its chairman and the former chairman and chief executive of Citigroup.
Nascar has penalized the Nextel Cup teams of Kyle Busch and Johnny Sauter for rule infractions found on their cars during the postrace inspection after Sunday’s race at New Hampshire International Speedway.
Glavine’s agent, Gregg Clifton, did not immediately return a message left on his cellphone, but he told ESPN.com that a one-year deal with Atlanta was imminent.
Byrd said he did not know that the Palm Beach Rejuvenation Center was being investigated by the Albany County district attorney’s office.
In line the kids passed their time smoking, checking one another out and eating free ice cream distributed from a truck sponsored by the clothing brand Diesel.
That cooperation, and the fact that Mitchell is believed to have access to the blacked-out names, led Hearst to file the lawsuit.
After all, I just finished a game.
Though some hunters enjoy all-terrain vehicles, others complain that hunters using them get so close that their engines spook the game.
One of the memorable scenes in “Sicko,” Michael Moore’s latest cinematic provocation, comes from France, where he shows doctors in their little white cars making house calls — for free.
Some prosecutors say they could use the study to argue for stiffer sentences.
That's a decent price, especially considering the old-school saloon atmosphere that includes sawdust on the floor.
Mr. Josephberg told the collections officer the house was worth $2 million and had a mortgage of about $750,000, and that he knew he owed the government money.
Boys are three or four times as likely as girls to have classic autism (autism with mental retardation , which is now often referred to as cognitive impairment).
They said it would have been years before the Syrians could have used the reactor to produce the spent nuclear fuel that could, through a series of additional steps, be reprocessed into bomb-grade plutonium.
Bills should be debated on merit, and merit alone.
Elite runners could not engage in denial concerning the vagaries of life, because Shay was seemingly as fit as anybody, at 28 in the prime of his athletic career.
Mr. Davis said that hot, pasty viscous lava pushed up slowly into a damp, malleable environment.
Here, he was saluted on the scoreboard by Michael Jordan, Joe Montana and Muhammad Ali.
In San Miguel, the couple bought their original property for $15,000 and spent $40,000 on renovations during the first year.
Sidley Austin, one of the nation’s largest law firms, has agreed to pay $27.5 million to 32 former partners to settle a closely watched age-discrimination lawsuit brought by the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
Jay Russell directs; with Emily Watson, David Morrissey and Ben Chaplin.
On Thursday a State Department spokesman, Sean McCormack, said the United States “is seriously concerned about the conduct of the Dec. 16 parliamentary elections in the Kyrgyz Republic.” Kubat Baibolov, an Ata Meken leader, said the party had polled more than enough votes in Osh and would begin a legal case and a nationwide series of protests.
“We’re still negotiating that with various different entities,” he said, declining to give specifics because of worries that the intense political debate surrounding illegal immigration could scare off participants.
Portraying both Gertrude and Ophelia, she channels and subtly warps the styles of the original actresses (Eileen Herlie and Linda Marsh) to evoke a vision of femininity unique to the 1960s.
Tensions between Tbilisi and Moscow have run high since Georgia elected Mr. Saakashvili in 2004, though there had been tentative signs this year that relations were improving a bit.
Representative David R. Obey, the Wisconsin Democrat who recently sponsored a war spending bill that died after failing to get 60 votes in the Senate, said a lack of familiarity with filibuster rules was the cause of the biggest misunderstanding Americans have about the Democratic Congress.
“He’s been accused of some horrible, horrible crimes,” Mr. Marlin said.
For years she hid the credit card bills from her husband: The $2,500 embroidered coat from Neiman Marcus.
Tom gives her a copy of Henry Fielding’s “History of Tom Jones, a Foundling” to educate her about sex.
To mark the 30th anniversary of Elvis Presley's death on Aug. 16, the cable channel TV Land commissioned a life-size statue of the King that made its first appearance on Thursday at the site of his 1973 ''Aloha From Hawaii'' concert, The Associated Press reported.
prisons for more than three years before he was transferred to Guantánamo last year.
Mr. Burke is not involved here except that he inspired the aging room tiled in Himalayan rock salt, an ingredient that has become his signature.
Shares of Colgate, based in New York, rose 1.4 percent after the company, the maker of Colgate toothpaste, Palmolive dishwashing liquid and Irish Spring soap, posted a 22 percent increase in profit for the third quarter.
Since she was an infant, my daughter, now in the third grade, has shared my bed and my sleep.
He played into his own instant fame with his cameo as Mangenius on “The Sopranos.” So outside the box, so Mensa, so Bill Belichick.
“Life today is getting faster and faster.”
“America at a Crossroads” was assembled to examine the issues — geopolitical, religious, military — facing the world after the 9/11 attacks.
This photography-only festival will feature more than 50 exhibitions, including works from China, India and the globe-trotting photographer-members of Magnum Photos.
WITH: John Jeffrey Martin (Troy Bolton), Arielle Jacobs (Gabriella Montez), Shakiem Evans (Chad Danforth), Shaullanda LaCombe (Taylor McKessie), Bobby List (Ryan Evans), Michael Mahany (Jack Scott), Olivia Oguma (Kelsi Neilson), Chandra Lee Schwartz (Sharpay Evans), Ben Thompson (Zeke Baylor), Lizzie Weiss (Martha Cox), Ron Bohmer (Coach Bolton) and Ellen Harvey (Ms. Darbus).
Each spouse has blamed the other for Jennifer’s death.
When this initial drawdown is completed, the number of troops will drop to about 157,000 from 162,000 in June, when the American troop level was at its peak.
Eventually, it will return to a Sterling Place store and find new owners.
In nearly an hour of fishing he’d had no luck, and then it struck — a 15-pound lake trout that took 45 minutes to boat.
What you don’t find in this collection, really, is Mr. Bailey’s distinctive voice.
Mr. Edwards has worked hard — including walking picket lines in the last several years — to cultivate Nevada’s heavily unionized base.
But the expectations index fell to 68.7, the lowest level since early 2003, when the economy seemed to be mired in a jobless recovery after the 2001 recession.
Lillian Groag’s production ratchets up the comedy, not entirely naturally: It’s a kind of “Springtime for Hitler” version of “I, Claudius,” with serious parts lopped out and wisecracks interpolated.
The heaving streets, the burning buildings, the screams of the victims: Flacco imagines the chaos in precise and vivid detail while contributing his own distinctive narrative touch.
And it’s hard not to compare it with last year’s “What You Know,” especially since the title includes the same three words.
The building’s yellow brick — darkened by the accumulated filth of local industry — is unlike anything else on the street.
Tim Dewitt, the drummer, struck up a clattering, lopsided beat, while Lizzi Bougatsos, resplendent in an oversized Ghostface Killah T-shirt, grinned and juked and intoned the lyrics (“Tipping on the thunder of a paradigm/Soaking on the thread of a nursery rhyme”).
In his account of the aftermath of Lincoln’s election, Freehling overturns the conventional picture of a state rushing headlong into disunion.
Rod Pelley and Paul Martin scored in the second period and Jay Pandolfo scored an empty-net goal with 28 seconds left for the Devils, who have won three in a row.
They began experimenting with guest performers as a way to help a friend overcome stage fright.
The pianists were Judith Gordon, subdued but subtle for Ms. Saffer, and Kevin Murphy, Mr. Mehta’s first-rate colleague here.
How dare you mention the pancreas!
“History is the past.” The pages of international business magazines are full of government-sponsored advertising.
After their second bottle of Champagne they were entwined and writhing, to the delight of nearby patrons.
All of these years we have been tied to France.
The score was tied at halftime, 17-17, but the Cowboys regained the lead on a drive that only teased the Giants’ hopes and fueled their regrets.
The story of ever-increasing divorce is a powerful narrative.
Edsall, whose record at UConn since it moved up from Division I-AA is 45-45, is now a semifinalist for two national coach of the year awards.
And he fretted that New York had lost much of its creative momentum and would never fully recover it.
(And there is always the possibility that Disney could decide to follow the licensed title with a Disney-produced stage musical, as was the case with “High School Musical.”) Otherwise, “there’s no gigantic Disney franchise title right now,” Mr. Schumacher said, though he added that he was putting a deal together on a “large scale” show based on a non-Disney title.
She felt the previous owners had not sufficiently understood Halston's legacy.
Called the Orange County Great Park, it will cover a large swath of what had been El Toro Marine Corps Air Station.
The White House has threatened to veto any plan that left out immunity, as the House bill does.
But here in Lynchburg, a grimly symbolic place in Pygmy history, Mr. Lonoa and his wife, Thérèse Pambo, were treated as celebrity guests by scholars and students at a three-day conference in late October dedicated to their cause.
Mr. Horton said he did not believe that Georgia — a former Soviet republic that lies in the Caucasus, at the crossroads of Europe and Asia — was turning into a dictatorship or that Mr. Saakashvili was as harsh as Mr. Putin.
“Her determination to fight the disease is an inspiration to all of us,” Mr. Bush said.
But for most riding, the energy-efficient regen braking is more than sufficient.
He and a classmate, Ana Slavin, decided to use the Web to raise awareness among other students and money for the cause.
To the Editor: Re “Hoping to Quiet Critics, Bloomberg Picks a Parent in Chief for the City’s Schools” (news article, March 1): Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg’s announcement of a chief family engagement officer to represent parents at the Department of Education is a move in the right direction.
But that’s not why viewers deserve more time with Mr. Wilkenfeld.
She is the chief market technician at MKM Partners, a securities trading and research firm in Greenwich, Conn. She graduated from the University of Richmond.
Toby Sherman is one of them.
She still has trouble reading and transposes numbers in math, signs that her brain has not yet recovered and remains susceptible to greater injury.
“I wanted it to be helpful, to make readers just a little more efficient,” said Ms. Trapani, who worked at Brooklyn College’s computer help desk for four years while she earned a degree in English.
Many of his followers in Tibet continue to believe that the territory should be independent from China.
One series, the more compelling one, documents the plight of dispossessed widows in the Indian holy city of Vrindavan, while the other examines the challenges confronting young Indian women, especially the poor.
They argue that the United States will have little alternative but to follow the lead of other countries, notably Britain, and begin to examine cost-per-QALY explicitly when it considers the coverage of new treatments.
Elaine Palmer, a spokeswoman for PepsiCo, said that while the company had never supported the idea of animal testing, “We had not been policing it, so that part is new.” Coca-Cola and PepsiCo are the largest largest manufacturers to agree to the ban.
Mr. Gokce remembers soldiers cordoning off his village, herding the villagers together and punching and interrogating them for hours.
Would the other North-South pairs be there?
There are more phases in Mr. Humphreys’s full lexicon — maneuvering, contracting, foreplay and payoff — but Mr. Craig was arrested after the officer presumed he had “signaled.” Clearly, whatever Mr. Craig’s intentions, the police entrapped him.
In one possible sign of that insecurity, Adnan al-Dulaimi, the head of the main Sunni bloc, recently met with many of the tribal leaders in Anbar.
“The Golden Notebook” will account for 80,000, Ms. Kania said.
Winners over the years have included Norman Mailer for “The Armies of the Night: History as a Novel, the Novel as History” in 1969, Pauline Kael for “Deeper Into Movies” in 1974 and Cormac McCarthy for “All the Pretty Horses” in 1992.
(Elton John, Borat and a twinkling star who could be mistaken for a banana with arms were all sighted.)
So when we came out in school, as a couple, everybody said: “See what you did to her?
The Dow Jones industrial average dropped almost 250 points.
SOMERS Muscoot Farm “Railroad Day at Muscoot Farm.” Nov. 4 at 1 p.m. Muscoot Farm, Route 100.
We headed down from the cliffs, passing under Battlement Terrace, crossing through an entirely new ecosystem (taller trees!
A third Texas loyalist, Dan Bartlett, the former counselor to the president, left not long ago.
So it’s just as well that Tim is finally a less tragic figure than he appears — which makes Hawkins Fuller oddly more so.
True enough, in a way.
Among the relatively new slang words: stella , “good-looking female,” from stellar , “starlike,” improbably influenced by the shouted name of Stanley Kowalski’s wife in Tennessee Williams’s “Streetcar Named Desire.” A synonym is shorty or shawty , imported from vintage hip-hop for “girlfriend of any height.” Such attractiveness is the opposite of the fast-fading butterface (“Great body, but her face.
Both plans intend to lower the cost of health insurance so employers would be more willing to provide it and virtually all individuals could afford it.
The season finale of NBC's ''Heroes'' not only posted Monday's highest ratings, it also even overshadowed the two-hour finale of Fox's ''24.''
But those sales were below expectations, and it stopped making N-Gage phones in 2005.
A sampling thatcame to mind one sleepless night: standard transmission;vintage jazz; live performance; rear-wheel drive; natural turf .” And H2O used to be called water until the elitistrage for bottled water , creating what the impurist cheapskates call tapwater ,sometimes apologetically called plain water or in New York City Giuliani water .
Direct flights from New York to the United States Virgin Islands are available on several airlines.
That’s why the markets came back.
“But they are on hold for now.” One reason the bank may have altered its trajectory on interest rates is that credit markets have done the bank’s job for it over the last two months, economists said.
Studio executives wanted Mr. Murphy to stop talking altogether because, they felt, his status as a producer would result in the criticism in his forum reflecting poorly on “Transformers.” Indeed, some fans there referred to Mr. di Bonaventura as Scorponok, a vicious, Scorpion-like killer robot from the film.
But those kinds of prices don’t seem to be scaring off buyers.
To put their signature on a spot, moviemakers sometimes borrow from their films.
Three weeks later, Ms. Bailey is joining Mr. McCullough and his family in a lawsuit against Con Edison.
“The period is usually very glamorized,” Mr. Weiner said.
Drenched in Champagne and Coors Light, and who knows what else was being sprayed, LaTroy Hawkins steadied himself against a plastic sheet in the Colorado Rockies ’ clubhouse Saturday night and resumed thinking the unthinkable.
Still, the money generated from congestion pricing will take years to collect and spend.
It's also easy to see why she never went back.
Up until the last minute, there’s a refugee scene backstage: peaked-looking women lie supine, shivering together on plaid blankets and being pumped intravenously with fluids.
“Glossy black surfaces are difficult to do in mass production,” he said.
I think they go hand in hand.” Political sensibilities already seem to be front and center.
At a news conference with Ambassador Ryan C. Crocker, Gen. David H. Petraeus sought to ease strains that developed this month when British commanders withdrew the 500-man contingent that comprised their last remaining troops in central Basra, the second largest city in Iraq, and British defense officials suggested at news briefings that they favored further deep cuts in coming months in the British force.
More than half, including such large ones as California, New York and Ohio, have adopted this critical reform.
A special assessment — a fee approved by a homeowners association or a co-op or condo board to cover items not provided for in the budget — can often be a controversial, unpleasant and expensive surprise, especially to a second-home owner, who may not be around enough of the year to be aware of all the issues.
Another book, “Warm and Snug: The History of the Bed,” by a scholar named Lawrence Wright, suggests that they were valued primarily as furniture, settings for public rituals around birth, death and courtship.
This is less effective than bright light.
GARDEN CITY Nassau Community College “Berndt Toast Gang,” art.
But when the marines looked at it that day, they found that papers, plastic and foam had returned.
The Schuyler County Iron & Agricultural Works, near the waterfront, is now occupied by a wine store and a store that sells racing souvenirs and tickets.
That may do a lot more good than running out to buy original Gucci bags.
Some conservative lawmakers who argue for vigorous enforcement of the immigration laws as a priority said they were outraged by the judge’s ruling.
If the department had known of the parent’s allegations when the incidents occurred, she said, “We would have responded and would have assured the children’s safety.” CBS officials say they broke no laws.
If there is a question of cancer, the next step is probably a test called a transvaginal ultrasound to check the ovaries for abnormal growths, enlargement or telltale pockets of fluid that can signal cancer.
I’d never eaten mussels before.
Ms. Spears wisely avoids ballads, although the album ends, rather abruptly, with a breakup song called, “Why Should I Be Sad,” which should make listeners grateful for the album that Ms. Spears might have made, but didn’t.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
Our technological capabilities are extreme, but most governments have not caught up with it.” Another domain ripe for shared services, Mr. DelBello said, is the maintenance of village, county, state and federal parks and roads in Westchester.
City Councilman Miguel Martinez, who represents Upper Manhattan, introduced a bill last month to make changes to the system in response to what he described as longtime complaints by drivers.
Schools are to be judged by their overall performance, not teacher by teacher.
And when your opponents are in a silly spot, don’t double if there is any risk that they will run to a different, making contract.
They will see more name-brand models along the wall and a lot fewer of the second-tier brands that also happen to carry lower price tags.
Anybody who’s coaching the guy wants him down on the block.” Randolph does not have the range or accuracy of, say, Indiana’s Troy Murphy or Detroit’s Rasheed Wallace, who can draw defenders out to the 3-point line.
“A lot of people who come in are saying, ‘Why on Earth would I offer any more than the bottom end of the range?’ ” Mr. Toner said.
On the day he was suspended, Guillén completed a three-year, $36 million contract with the Royals.
Although the family I come from is fairly wealthy (by pre-hedge-fund standards), my daughter wanted to know why I hadn’t managed to inherit a summer place of my own.
Stir in the soy sauce, mirin, star anise and enough water to cover the meat by three-fourths.
The menu offers small and large plates for lunch, cocktail time and dinner, many served on special little wooden presentation blocks, in tiny casseroles and bowls with petaled rims, adding visual allure to Mr. Kunz’s take on oysters Rockefeller, tempura okra, weisswurst with homemade pretzels and berries with elderflower gelée, some with cocktails designed to match: 13-15 West 54th Street, (212) 262-4600.
Johanna Doshe, 32, a nurse from Stockholm, traveling with a friend (not pictured): ''We celebrated my friend's 50th birthday on a safari tour in Kenya, and after one week, we traveled to Zanzibar to relax for another week, to look around and take some swimming tours and dolphin tours and go snorkeling.
He will always be in our hearts.
Ms. Kudwa said the Transportation Security Administration was now discussing the policy with Sikh leaders.
And therein lie new problems for studios that may have gotten too comfortable with such payouts in the last decade or so.
Although not spelled out, the plan is believed to include going after regime bank accounts in Singapore and other Southeast Asian countries, a tactic used by Washington with some effect against North Korea.
For years, cheap food and feed were taken for granted in the United States.
Each will be there for a month.
The tabernacle’s roof design led the American Society of Civil Engineers to designate it a National Engineering Landmark in 1971.
The downtown has cafes, galleries and boutiques that may sell antique prints, Amish and Ozark quilts or leather goods.
He pitched well in his rehabilitation starts.
The medicines that earned the most scorn were those commonly sold to treat coughs, runny noses and congestion, including dextromethorphan and phenylephrine.
“He has been hesitant,” she added, “but now he says, ‘Bring it on.’ ” Whitney Tilson, a New York money manager who spent part of his childhood in Tanzania and who introduced Lekuton to friends and colleagues in Manhattan, says that Lekuton, while not at all hostile to Islam, was quite specific about the threat posed by Harugura.
“This is a free society, and that should be allowed.” But by the end of 2003, the controversy had a life of its own on the Internet.
Masters degree from Stony Brook University; Teacher, English, at Dowling College, Oakdale, NY and in Beijing, China; Student, Union Theological Seminary, NYC.
He wrote a speech for Reagan blaming Carter for “one of the major economic contractions in the last 50 years.” Reagan changed that to “a new depression — the Carter depression.” Within a week, this had turned into: “A recession is when your neighbor loses his job.
In the United States, several dozen individual congregations out of nearly 7,700 have split with the Episcopal Church.
Interest from schools elsewhere in the country that sent teachers to this year’s summer session, said Scott Noppe-Brandon, the executive director of the institute, has been so high that a national tour is under discussion, and the Roundabout Theater Company has already selected the play for its own season’s education component.
When I ate just half of every dish (I'd lunched at Da Fiore ), they discounted the bill 25 percent.
There’s no way to keep a lid on it.
They said that even in illness, she had kept a hand in some of the big decisions of the campaign.
“You feel a little bit lighter,” he said.
“I lay the blame at the foot of the board,” Frederick E. Rowe Jr., a money manager and president of Investors for Director Accountability.
She said she hoped to publish the letters in a pamphlet to be handed out at the party.
In that sense you might say each character is a put-on, a fantasy.
Ms. Payne was arraigned on Tuesday on charges including grand larceny, promoting prostitution and scheming to defraud and was being held in $20,000 bond or 10,000 cash, the spokeswoman said.
“We decided to sell it.” Based on data tracked by StreetEasy.com , a real estate information Web site, and on the average prices of the last three sales in the Bonillas’ building, the couple could expect to sell for about $1.34 million.
Marti must contend with a remote stepmother, podlike to begin with, and has to destroy the vegetative incarnations of her father and brother.
Theft and corruption have become survival tools, creating a spiral of dishonest transactions that leave nearly everyone feeling dirty.
Westbrook didn’t completely shut down the Red Sox ’ terrifying tandem of David Ortiz and Manny Ramírez , but he induced Ramírez to get Ortiz out for him.
But he was already a legend: he had phoned around the world, talking into one phone and listening to himself on another.
As the audience arrived upstairs, Ms. Taubl could have stared into the looking glass in a space built for dancers at the University of Hartford Hartt School, where she is a student.
On Friday, the authorities questioned and released five more Indian doctors and raided two hospitals in a search for evidence on computers, the Australian police said.
Lennar fell $1.14, or 4.5 percent, to $24.18, while Pulte Homes ended down $1.06, or 6.6 percent, to $15.10, and D. R. Horton fell 54 cents, or 3.8 percent, to $13.56.
Legal precedent on material adverse changes is thin, and in both Harman’s and Genesco’s cases, the agreements seem to leave the buyers with few options.
Barclays had borrowed £314 million, or $632 million, on Aug. 20 after a loan from HSBC Holdings was delayed.
Others, usually professional media companies like the BBC, do not.
Douglasville City Police said two suspects were arrested late Saturday afternoon at Arbor Place Mall in Douglas County, near Atlanta.
The discovery led officials to revisit intelligence mined in 2004 and 2005 from the laptop obtained from the Iranian engineer.
“Then you hope the Phillies, after such an emotional series against the Mets, they have a little bit of a letdown against the Marlins on the road before they get here.” Where the Braves do not have control is the wild-card race, and Smoltz said Atlanta’s best chance to get back into the playoffs was winning the division, not overtaking one of the N.L.
“There is a lack of trust there,” Mr. Meyers said.
Gilead Community Services, a nonprofit agency based in Middletown, Conn., has a state contract to run the home, which was purchased for $435,000 in February and renovated.
The sperm become “hyperactivated,” said Moira O’Bryan, a sperm expert at Monash University in Australia, switching to “a crazed figure-eight motion” ideal for boring through barriers.
Revenue for Fortress’s private equity business fell to $36 million from $96 million a year earlier.
Reading a letter like Ahmadinejad’s, we fall mute, like explorers coming upon an ancient inscription written in hieroglyphics.
“The difference is that the arguments are becoming more rational.” None of this is to say that wind power has peaked.
At Saks Fifth Avenue and Valentino stores.
In the front seat of the Rambler, at my mother’s feet, was a plastic milk container filled with water — for the radiator after it overheated, which happened on almost every trip.
I asked him whether the departures of Mattingly and Torre left him with an empty feeling.
She drafted its borders, corralled its reluctant tribal chiefs and trained Faisal (who had never been there) to be its first king.
Location: On the beach in the Australian resort town Byron Bay.
“Probably the most unknown.” Or they may see Troy Tulowitzki, 23, who led all major league shortstops in fielding percentage, drove in 99 runs and has already emerged as a clubhouse leader.
A typical prisoner in the federal system was a street-level trafficker — not a kingpin — who dealt in crack when there was little or no public tolerance for drug peddlers, even those with previously clean records.
The end of violence will be seen with the end of poverty and despair.
Dan Browne will also try for a spot on the American squad for the 2008 Beijing Olympics, USA Track and Field and the New York Road Runners said yesterday.
Romney’s aides agree that they have struggled at times to inculcate their broader message in voters, in part because they were busy parrying attacks early on from their opponents, including Mr. McCain and later Senator Sam Brownback in Iowa.
Spain’s remarkably smooth transition to democracy is often attributed to the fact that — amid the dread of fresh civil conflict — people on both sides of the political spectrum were prepared to close the door on the horrors of the civil war and the dictatorship that followed.
I mean this as a compliment.
He is limited to one e-mail account, one cellphone number and one land line, which must be registered with the police.
Also returning to the schedule are seven episodes of the apocalyptic drama “Jericho,” which was canceled and then, amid protests by fans, resurrected last summer.
Even our dessert palacinka seemed like something straight from Grandma's house, at least at first glance, but then we noticed the hot plums inside the crepe were counterbalanced by a sweet plum ice cream — a traditional flavor here in the land of slivovitz and plum pies, but served up in a new recipe.
“Liz was a lovely person,” Chazen says.
He founded Wizards of the Coast, a game-publishing company that not only made Pokémon a household name but also enabled him to acquire Dungeons & Dragons.
“Well, I’d love to see it again.” She often says this.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 25 (Reuters) — I.B.M.
Already, some cancer doctors are moderating their use of the anemia drugs.
“No matter what, we knew we’d get one, but you don’t know if you’ll get a game at this level,” Silverman said.
Perhaps the part that will bring the most debate is the recommendation to limit foreign security companies.
The concert certainly didn’t secure the future of reggaetón, or even the future of Wisin & Yandel.
Mrs. Clinton is a long way from winning the Democratic presidential nomination, and over the last few weeks has struggled to hang on to the air of inevitability that she has been cultivating all year.
After graduation, he lived and worked in New York City and then moved to San Francisco in 1997.
In the Middle Ages, the struggle between Christians and Muslims sometimes resembled a battle of the bathhouses.
Washington quarterback Jake Locker and Hawaii quarterback Colt Brennan, among the best in the nation, were seriously injured Saturday and forced to leave their games.
Born 1981 in Severodonezk, Ukraine, he moved to Volgograd, Russia, to live and train with an older brother at age 11, then to Germany at 15 to reap the commercial benefits of the West.
The master bedroom has a walk-in closet and three windows that overlook the tree-lined street.
The actors are fine singers, too.
Las Vegas is on the edge of two ecosystems, nestled where the Sangre de Cristo Mountains meet the Great Plains.
At the latest hearing, on Nov. 1, Israel’s defense minister, Ehud Barak, asked for a two-month extension to allow him to formulate a comprehensive plan for the removal of illegal outposts.
To its credit, the musical gamely makes the most of its fortune-cookie size.
The Dow Jones industrials gained 0.2 percent, closing at 13,595.10, up 27.23 points.
Mr. McCain listened and then told him that, from everything he knew, legalizing marijuana did not make sense.
He gave up two more in the fifth on Robert Fick’s bases-loaded single and was gone after walking pinch-hitter D’Ángelo Jiménez on four pitches to start the sixth.
as the upper limit of safety with a commercially made coupling.
We both graduated in 1978, and we both took jobs with Mobil Oil in Oklahoma.
Deborah Elizabeth Bernstein, the daughter of Constance Bernstein and Dr. Kenneth Bernstein of Needham, Mass., is to be married today to David William Foster, a son of Nancy and William Foster of Signal Mountain, Tenn.
THE SECOND CIVIL WAR: HOW EXTREME PARTISANSHIP HAS PARALYZED WASHINGTON AND POLARIZED AMERICAby Ronald Brownstein.
“It was wacko,” said John Yeabsley, a former trade official who is now an economist at the New Zealand Institute of Economic Research in Wellington.
“I just wanted to be sure,” he said, “that everything is here that should be here.” Mockery and Mistakes Here is the rich irony for those who look askance at Mr. Giuliani’s myth-making moment.
Eliot Spitzer had ordered the report detailing what went wrong and how it could be avoided in the future.
William’s embittered mother, Jesse ( Laura Linney ), hammers him with the kind of hardheaded advice no fervent romantic wants to hear.
His second wife, Myrtle Patterson Hudgins, died in 1972.
Alliteration, the audible repetition of consonant sounds at the beginning of words or within words, is part of the sound stratum of poetry.
Brian O’Neill, president of Desert Mountain Real Estate, which sells properties in Desert Mountain, a Scottsdale, Ariz., community that has six Jack Nicklaus Signature golf courses, was recently host to a tour of 14 homes for sale in the community that had asking prices of more than $2 million.
Some mentally ill inmates serve months to years in punitive segregation, locked up for 23 hours a day and sometimes restricted to a diet of cabbage and a pasty flour loaf three times daily for up to 30 days for misbehaving.
General Suleiman was appointed army chief of staff in 1998, during the Syrian occupation, and was for a long time maligned by the governing coalition for being too close to Syria.
Their uniforms were twice blackened, by the water and the dark slime of the trail.
As lieutenant governor, Huckabee established a corporation, Action America, to which people donated more than $60,000.
A widely mooted deal in which Google would furnish targeted advertising to users of the fledgling Apple TV would be ideal, he said.
In addition, ground-floor renovations will create a pool-house cafe, a site for a preschool and perhaps a doctors’ office.
From the interesting Concept R to the production model, the car somehow morphed into a hearse.
A 20-trip ticket, good for two weeks, costs $143.60.
A son of the renowned flutist Marcel Moyse, Mr. Moyse (pronounced moe-EEZ) was born while his parents were on tour.
He began at YU in 1940 as a student and remained to become its senior professional.
Why not head to the Transylvania region of Romania to consider whether to buy Dracula’s Castle?
You need look no farther than a California almond orchard to understand how these bees, which have become indispensable workers in the vast fields of industrial agriculture, could have gotten into such trouble.
Throughout the trial, the courtroom has been filled with uniformed police officers and their union leaders.
Though John was never able to explain why, “he was so afraid of what broccoli was going to do to him,” Ms. Johnston said.
In the searing heat, some protesters wore masks of President Bush and handed out fake dollar bills, lampooning United States trade policies.
“The kind of physical and psychological devastation that goes along with female genital cutting is profound,” Professor Musalo said.
THE CROWD Casually dressed clientele.
“So, what just happened?” a woman in the front row at the Plainview-Old Bethpage Middle School auditorium asked on March 6.
Its share of the market in mortgage bonds rose to 41.2 percent from 24.3 percent in the period in 2006.
“On one of these, I am sure that I was a slight embarrassment to my father when Maestro Ellington went to the piano and played ‘Sophisticated Lady’ and one other major composition and I could recognize neither.” Mr. Work’s expansive grasp of black music was reflected in his approach to collecting source material.
64 Gently cook raw nuts in oil or butter (or a mixture) with salt and spices — pimentón, chili powder, curry powder, ginger, sugar — whatever combination you like.
By cutting out frills and tacking on fees.
“There’s a lot of capital available by all the hedge funders, all the Wall Streeters,” said Noah Tepperberg, who has been in the business for 15 years and is an owner of Marquee.
The given auction was produced by Smith (South) and Cohen, although some Souths, with two low spades, would prefer to raise one heart to two hearts.
“This is the first of many that’s going to go down.” Jack McCabe, a real estate consultant in Deerfield Beach, Fla., said that the Savoy project was an example of the problems that luxury developers may face.
What I also like about Champagne vinegar, unlike its finicky counterpart, is that once it’s opened, it keeps forever.
A single lumpy lava pinnacle called Cat Rock is in the foreground.
The article describes the Irgun as ''Zionist guerrillas who used what would today be called terrorist methods to blast the British out of Palestine.''
The subject is off limits.
And all that girl talk about men, or the lack of them, is what distinguishes female characters on television today.
“I see the note, ‘Patient opts for surveillance,’ and I’m like, ‘No, don’t do it, don’t do it!’ ” Several times during her oncology rotation that term, she slipped out of an ovarian cancer patient’s room to cry in the stairwell.
“Tinned meat was generally foul,” Colquhoun writes, “but it was cheap and it came in handy for unexpected guests, titivated into soups, stews and rissoles.” It cost less than half the price of fresh meat and arrived from everywhere.
Registration: (917) 822-3141, crossgenerationchess.com .
And that provides a glimpse into the different strategies of their campaigns, and the financial challenges each candidate faces.
The joke is that he and Mr. Atlas then superimposed different backgrounds on the image, so that Mr. Cunningham sometimes seems to be skating along an open road.
Less than half the women have attended school and fewer than one in 10 use modern contraception.
SHAW--Frances Fort, of a heart attack, November 19.
“One mad, awful lady living in a poor neighborhood without Internet does not differ much from her mad, awful friend next door who goes online.”
The solution might be, as it so often is these days, in the power of the Internet.
Most of Congo’s railroads were built more than 100 years ago, when the country was a Belgian colony.
Josh Miner La Crosse, Wis.
Diabetes mellitus is so named for the honeylike taste of a diabetic’s urine, sweetened by sugar the body cannot absorb — knowledge garnered through an antique diagnostic technique.
In the last 12 months she has taken in $300,000, but not until she filled out the M3 form did she calculate how many lunches it would take to reach $1 million.
Vick and his lawyers continued to weigh whether to accept a plea agreement from the government that would probably put Vick in prison for one to two years, according to a person with direct knowledge of the case.
ChemNutra, the Las Vegas pet food supplier that bought the wheat gluten from Xuzhou and then resold it to pet food makers in North America, also said it was led to believe Xuzhou was the manufacturer of the product.
His contrasts of black and white or the tension he suggested between not-quite-parallel lines carried the weight of heroic clashes, although at a glance it all looked utterly simple.
Many large institutional lenders have raised their rates as a hedge against uncertainty, but rates at smaller regional savings banks, the so-called portfolio lenders who hang on to their loans, have hardly budged.
The talking-heads-with-clips format so dominates the contemporary nonfiction film that Daniel Kraus’s “Musician” feels radically fresh: It simply observes its title character, the avant-garde jazz musician Ken Vandermark, in the manner of a 1960s fly-on-the-wall documentary like “Salesman.” “Musician” is a follow-up to Mr. Kraus’s similarly austere “Sheriff” and the latest in a projected series of features about people doing their jobs, shot and edited with the same inquisitive spirit that defined Studs Terkel’s oral history “Working.” We are introduced to Mr. Vandermark as he toils on a new composition at his workshop in the basement of his Chicago home, and watch him scratch out phrases on paper, then test them on saxophone and piano.
Elsewhere, if it is 9:30 in the oboes, it might be 10:45 in the second violins.
For the second section of the solo, Lady Macbeth removes her gown without leaving the stage (revealing a dancer’s leotard beneath), is helped by a maid into a yellow nightdress, is given a candle, and at once moves into the famous sleepwalking scene.
Ruth was an accomplished Cellist and volunteered at many institutions.
The 1.74-acre property abuts conservation land; it is in a private community, the Calhoun Drive Association, near town amenities, 26 miles north of Midtown Manhattan .
“The janitor went by once, and I grabbed him,” Coughlin said.
The service costs $20 a month on top of a regular voice plan.
Unpublished questions cannot be answered individually.
With Delta’s new nonstop from Atlanta operational and Emirates introducing a nonstop Houston flight in December, Dubai International Airport is now a viable transit option for Southeastern and Midwestern fliers, as well.
IT’S a challenging time to be writing about air travel.
Many of those businesses focused on e-commerce, which to succeed, required a larger market than existed at the time.
Also, Dr. Meier warned against generalizing the results to populations not included in the study.
He uses the immigration line for Japanese citizens and never waits more than five minutes.
A study of nearly 4,000 men and women from Framingham, Mass., asked whether they typically vented their feelings or kept quiet in arguments with their spouse.
An opaque market is a market that insiders love, simply because they can take advantage of outsiders.
Julie Lynn Bierman, the daughter of Mara-Lee Bierman and Dr. Fredrick Z. Bierman of Scarsdale, N.Y., was married last evening in Pearl River, N.Y., to Jordan Lev Solomon, a son of Susan Solomon Stibel of Marblehead, Mass., and the late Bennett I. Solomon.
At that time, national data showed that breast cancer rates fell by nearly 15 percent in the 18 months from July 2002 through December 2003.
Joe Johnson led six players in double figures with 21 points, and Atlanta won for only the fourth time in its last 13 games against Milwaukee.
Eliot Spitzer noted that a vast majority of damaged properties were in Queens — 1,359 buildings, compared with 189 in Brooklyn and 21 in Staten Island.
You hear the creak of floorboards and the beeping of a transponder, and see the shadows of the hunter’s feet in the sliver of light under the door.
F. M. Kirby Shakespeare Theater, Drew University, 36 Madison Avenue.
Unlike the small cars I’ve grown accustomed to, the Hummer lets you sit up high, with a great view of the road ahead.
What he did comprises most of this wonderful show.
Viacom , the Walt Disney Company , Microsoft and other media companies have agreed to a set of guidelines to protect copyrights online but Google , owner of the Web’s biggest video site, was notably absent from the pact.
“We want to fight the extremists from within the Koran.
Even so, it’s hard to imagine that Bayreuth holds much interest for young people now.
Wednesday CARNEGIE HALL Handel’s “Messiah.” Musica Sacra Chorus and Orchestra.
By dusk, the gloom above Texas Stadium had permeated the visiting locker room.
I immediately felt calm in his presence.
After declaring Hart her “favorite of all the writers of American popular song,” she calls him “the lonely Romeo” of his generation.
It was just go get the ball.
You can find Nafis Hicham at Tala Kebira, Fondouk Kaat Smen 81; (212) 35634-269.
As for that title: As far as I can see, “Girl, Positive” doesn’t have anything to do with “Girl, Interrupted,” beyond the fact that they’re both about young women with problems.
The father of the infected 18-month-old said his village mullah had never talked about AIDS.
The Countrywide Financial Corporation said after the closing bell on Friday that it would cut as many as 12,000 jobs — up to 20 percent of its work force — as it tries to ride out upheaval in the mortgage industry.
We send our heartfelt condolences to his wife, Luise; his son and daughter, Sebastian and Wendy; and his entire family.
Enter Myrtle Meshbesher, played by the droll Ms. Kaye, paying tribute to the addled pomposity that Margaret Dumont would trademark in the Marx Brothers’ movies.
One damaged a building in the Israeli border town of Sderot, she said.
Rodriguez was 0 for 4 with two strikeouts.
The Patriots (10-0) will clinch the American Football Conference East title with a victory Sunday, and are on such a roll that the starting quarterback is only one of the worries for the Eagles, who have won their past two games to get to 5-5 and into playoff contention.
In the last decade, Italy's annual chocolate consumption has doubled to nearly nine pounds a person, and last year, chocolate sales reached 350 million euros ($507.5 million at the current exchange rate of $1.45 to the euro).
And fear of spreading Iranian influence has all the Arab states — particularly Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Jordan — working in even closer coordination with America and in tacit cooperation with Israel.
He crashed into the car driven by Mr. Mathurin, a 1996 Honda Civic that was heading south, the police said.
He said he did not feel comfortable providing narcotics to relieve Michael’s discomfort.
They even believe the Patriots can go 19-0.
“Mark Malone came to work for Thacher Associates well before there was any engagement by the inspector general to do the integrity review,” Mr. Thacher said.
Advertisements declare a camera’s megapixel rating as though it’s a letter grade, implying that a 7-megapixel model is necessarily better than a 5-megapixel model.
Whatever the reasons, every phase of Taylor’s campaign turned out to be a success.
The Republican Party is in quite a rush to keelhaul Senator Larry Craig for his run-in with the vice squad in an airport men’s room.
was on track to post earnings per share of $2.19 to $2.22 for the year.
Francis Davis, an author who attended the church while researching a coming Coltrane biography, “Sheets of Sound,” said, “I kind of went there expecting, I don’t know, snake handlers or something crazy.” Mr. Davis continued: “But it wasn’t like that at all.
Truly banning the use of torture would not jeopardize American lives; experts in these matters generally agree that torture produces false confessions.
Campbell, who has 15 years’ experience as a captain on the river, adroitly managed to keep the boat steady in the current while fishing, offering instruction, freeing snags and fending off barbs about failing to catch anything.
The couple met at Columbia, from which the bride received a doctorate in physical therapy last month and the bridegroom received a master’s in social studies education.
Four days earlier, Maury Hernandez, an undercover Broward County sheriff’s deputy, was critically wounded when he was shot by a motorcyclist he had stopped.
Members of the League of American Theaters and Producers highlighted examples of what they called “featherbedding,” describing rules that require a certain number of stagehands to be present, even when there isn’t work for all of them.
duRIVAGE--Jane (nee McDowell), of Huntington, NY on May 17, 2007.
He has led for months in national polls, prompting growing alarm among Christian conservative leaders whose followers are a powerful voting bloc in the party.
He died March 10th after a battle with cancer.
The fare between Manhattan and Kennedy International Airport would be $30 a person and for La Guardia Airport $20 a person.
I feel a mixture of disappointment and relief, poised between the garden that was and the garden that could be.
Spider-Man and the superheroes that followed in the 1960s, including the Black Panther, Luke Cage, Shang-Chi and the X-Men, paid less attention to international conflicts than to social and political issues at home: drug abuse, the struggle for civil rights, environmental pollution, Watergate, women’s liberation and the rise of religious cults.
By the end of the novel, Rebecca/Hazel has thrown off her father’s corrosive pessimism and drawn strength from his cynical cunning.
But, she said, this runs the risk of damaging components.
Mr. Raab was senior managing partner of HLW International from 1977 until 1996, the year Mr. Giuliani appointed him president of the School Construction Authority.
For example, Queen Victoria’s 105-day itinerary that year is now available for booking (fares start at $20,995), and both Regent Seven Seas and Princess are sailing two world-cruise itineraries each in 2009.
From the peaks of fame in the second decade of the 20th century, her fortunes swiftly tumbled.
“I want to know them, understand them, remember them as they are and as they were,” says Mr. Mulheren’s every-fan in an early scene.
Nothing new about that either.
Yesterday, the Senate approved measures that would fix the capricious way disability benefits are awarded, raise the treatment priority for those suffering brain injury and post-traumatic stress disorder and boost severance pay for veterans struggling to restore their civilian lives.
“There are no changes being contemplated in the department,” Mr. Whitman said.
“Giving,” Mr. Clinton’s second book, has done well in advance sales.
“I’m not sure I ever looked presidential,” he said.
Take, for instance, the San Francisco State University philosopher Kent Bach’s assertion that even the finest wines “don’t have cognitive or emotional content.
He was at the time the highest-ranking officer to die in Iraq.
“We’re the best team in the league,” he said.
British military officials also announced that two British soldiers died Tuesday in a helicopter crash near Salman Pak, just outside of Baghdad.
And isn’t it better to overspend on haircuts than on catastrophic wars?
I was born a boy and now I’m a woman who likes men.” Kelly said her mood generally hinges on how good she thinks she looks.
As usual with these Knicks, there were more questions than answers — unless the questions were about Jones.
Still, the wording of the statement was murkier than what many of her opponents have said in either supporting or opposing Mr. Spitzer’s initiatives.
He wanted me to work on editing Einstein’s papers.
He owned a nice house in Texas on a lake near the Louisiana border.
I know that video chats have become much more common because practically every time I walk into the kitchen these days, I inadvertently appear in the background of a broadcast and prompt my 10-year-old daughter, Clementine, to say to her laptop, “Don’t worry, my mom isn’t angry, she always looks like that.” But I had yet to experience the magic myself.
(The aerobic group walked for at least one hour three times a week.)
Perhaps most important, the bill would require the commission to make consumers’ complaints public almost immediately, as the National Transportation Safety Administration does for automobiles.
had been providing its patient data since 1972 without incident.
The psychology department at Florida International University in Miami has 2,400 undergraduate majors but only 19 tenured or tenure-track professors who teach, according to a department self-assessment.
Ms. Gurley says she believes that the airlines built a system that “gets you from one place to another” at a reasonable fare and that now they are being hoisted by their own petard because the system attracted more passengers than it could handle.
Brokerage firms cited concerns that Thornburg, which specializes in high-quality, prime jumbo mortgages, might need to sell assets or reduce its dividend because of a liquidity squeeze.
I’ve not heard them talk this much about what’s going on with the stock market in a while.” Still, it’s hard to deny fashion’s womanly turn, and how it may attract consumers.
LAST week’s “Your Home” column was about what prospective co-op buyers can be required to include in their “board packages,” the personal dossiers that spell out, in excruciating detail, everything co-op boards need to determine whether the buyers pass muster.
Many graduate students trained by this world famous foursome are now serving in important industry and academic positions in the US and abroad.
“With H.M.O.’s raking in excessive profits to the tune of $5 million a day in New York alone, it’s unreal to me that Governor Spitzer would pick on underpaid nurses and health care workers in order to meet his bottom line,” Mr. Sharpton, left, said in a statement.
The seven came under government surveillance in the fall of 2005 when a Yemeni man contacted the Federal Bureau of Investigation to report what he described as suspicious activity by them and their request that he help them contact Al Qaeda.
Painting was at the core of his collecting interests, in particular pictures that reflected his love of English country life and sports.
“You have to realize that a lot of disenfranchised groups saw terrorism as a legitimate alternative,” explains a member of the November 9th — 11/9, a 9/11 allusion?
“My position is that when you plead guilty to a crime, you shouldn’t serve,” Mr. McCain said in an interview on CNN.
“I wish I knew,” I said, as I typed numbers into one of those online calculators that predicts your financial future with the bored indifference of a fortuneteller.
“Ten more days left to punting season,” a longtime Oxfordshire resident mulled as he led a group of us on a nature walk, complete with dogs and muddied Wellington boots, through University Parks.
Besides Mr. Demchak, the core group sponsoring the project includes Andrew Feldstein, the founder and chief executive of BlueMountain; Gregory J. Fleming, Merrill Lynch’s president; and Jon Winkelried, a co-president of Goldman Sachs.
Graduate of Hunter College, she lectured internationally on Special Education.
But the tone of the book matches her plays, the simultaneous search and demand for values and decency.
But from the sound of them, they might as well live on another planet.
This month the insurgents, a mix of clan and Islamist militias, held their own reconciliation conference in Asmara, Eritrea.
I’m not talking about white papers: I’m talking about one big speech about ‘How I view the world.’ ” In an interview before he left for Illinois, Mr. Obama said he realized his powerful appeal as a campaigner would take him only so far.
As part of that review, an agency advisory panel overwhelming recommended in July that the drug remain on the market.
Devendra Banhart, who headlined, is the connector piece for a flock of performers and bands who have either sprung up since the turn of the century or been lovingly pried from late-1960s time capsules.
For them, the tunnel is an escape hatch.
It is too soon to know if the reversal rate, extraordinarily high in death penalty cases, has also been reduced.
A vivid display can be found much closer to home in an afternoon’s drive through northern Westchester and Putnam Counties that winds along bucolic country roads punctuated by mountainous backdrops and breathtaking views of the Hudson River.
Six captains — two from the offense, two from the defense and two from special teams — are invited to share concerns with Eric Mangini, the Jets’ second-year coach.
Prime expects that many of the businesses in the Seoul Techno-Mart — where the same merchant has both retail and wholesale customers — will want to set up operations in New York, Mr. Travis said.
Set in rural Wales near the end of World War II, Davies’s novel is an ambitious, layered meditation on what it means to be from a particular place.
They expanded the central cast to four people living in Los Angeles, “a group of best friends who care so little for each other,” Mr. Howerton said.
But considering the poor quality of cellphone audio, it’s astoundingly close.
As an actor, for example, Senator Thompson was a natural champion for the Motion Picture Association of America on subjects like copyright protection and obscenity regulation.
This month, Bush administration officials acknowledged they were reviewing their Afghan war plans top to bottom.
He was eventually cutting limbs while being supported by a tree strap or standing in a cherry picker.
The sun still comes up in the morning.
“This is the first time the public will have the opportunity to see a great private collection that has never been shown publicly before.” A MODERN COMMITMENT The Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art in Kansas City, Mo., has acquired “Dusuasa I,” a tapestrylike hanging fashioned from discarded soda cans by the African artist El Anatsui.
Mongol horsemen thundered out of its pages.
10 P.M. (Lifetime) ARMY WIVES In this season finale, Michael comes to believe that the post poses a terrorist threat after munitions are stolen, and he orders Frank, Trevor and Chase to deploy immediately.
Their opponents — Paul Bowyer, Duncan Happer, Ben Green, Jim Mason, Dick Pathan and Nick Stevens — conceded defeat after 48 of the 64 scheduled boards, down 126 international match points to 28.
Taurasi scored only 10 points in 22 minutes Wednesday before fouling out in a 108-100 Detroit victory.
A third apartment was occupied overnight by protesters who barricaded themselves inside with flammable oxygen tanks.
The referee Gerald Austin’s explanation could not be heard through the blare of a Bon Jovi song on the public-address system.
1 The margin by which the Bills lost to the Cowboys and beat the Redskins, two Giants rivals, this season.
Later, when I had an executive bathroom, I’d park my bike there.
In early October Citigroup announced a $5.9 billion write-down that led to a 57 percent drop in third quarter profit.
“Look in your closets and try to figure out what it would really cost to replace all those suits and dresses.” The best way to keep track of the value of your possessions, Mr. Owens said, is to keep copies of receipts in a location other than your home.
Mr. Kerik was appointed to the police post by Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor and Republican presidential candidate.
A small slice of a big pension fund can produce millions of dollars in management fees.
Like most houses in the Florida Keys, it was supported on concrete columns, to protect the interiors from storm surges.
For a few seconds, these words appear: “The Biden Plan to get us out of Iraq won overwhelming support at home and abroad.
From 10:30 a.m. to 4 p.m., 614 Broadway, Willowbrook, (718) 442-3100, statenislandzoo.org ; $4 in addition to zoo admission: $7; $5 for 60+; $4 for 3 to 14; free for members and under 3.
But he shook things up a little, and he had fun trying.
“It was already a very aggressive flight-test program,” said Richard L. Aboulafia, an analyst at the Teal Group, an aerospace consulting firm in Virginia.
Live Nation, based in Beverly Hills, Calf., earns most of its income from promoting artists’ concerts, but it has been pursuing more expansive pacts that would pay it a share of an act’s income from recordings, merchandise, licensing and other sources.
This intellectual boondoggle, I am happy to report, was worth the hotel bills, as readers who pick up his engrossing book will discover.
Two other patients were later found to have been treated by the same doctor.
Jennifer Tipton’s lighting lends polish to Takeshi Kata’s set, which includes several bamboo shades and rolling tables that serve as miniature stages.
“We’ve been to hell,” Assemblyman J. Gary Pretlow, a Westchester Democrat, said in a recent interview, “are we coming back?” ATTORNEY GENERAL ANDREW M. CUOMO , Democrat: The governor is not the only top Democrat rankled by Mr. Cuomo, whose office is conducting a sweeping investigation of Mr. DiNapoli’s office.
He soon gets to know another former officer, Bobby Goldstein, who had been stationed in the same country.
“My sense is these trends have gotten much stronger since 2000,” Mr. Ozden said.
Political analysts predicted that the court decision would fundamentally alter the political map of the country as it headed toward general elections.
One former Nixon White House colleague, Pat Buchanan, said on "Meet the Press" last weekend that it was no big deal for Republican candidates to skip a debate before an African-American audience because blacks make up only about 10 percent of the voting public and Republicans only get about a tenth of that anyway.
This Africa is Joseph Conrad.
Ample parking behind the building.
1, was on the southwest corner of Bleecker and Thompson.
Nevertheless, the chances for any progress emerging from Annapolis seem at best remote.
There are some compensatory bright spots.
Excluding one-time charges, Cisco earned 36 cents a share, a penny above the estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson Financial.
Four young men formed a line at the turnstiles inside the Izod Center about two hours before the Nets ’ game Tuesday night against the Los Angeles Clippers .
LIPNER--Leon I. of Hollis Hills, NY born March 19, 1920, in Brooklyn, NY to Max and Esther Lipner died May 15, 2007.
“I miss tulips,” he said.
Paul W. Rego, a biologist with the department’s wildlife division, said fisher cats disappeared from the state 150 years ago because of deforestation and trapping.
“I saw how Boston’s South End changed from a red-lined district where you couldn’t get a mortgage to a district that is now hugely successful, both from an economic and cultural standpoint,” he said.
The crowd was white and in the throes of advanced middle age.
The machinery of totalitarianism was kicking into gear.
(Why not just skip the white altogether, one wonders?)
The two met in 1995, when Ms. Bushnell, then a 36-year-old freelance writer who had just begun the “Sex and the City” column, was assigned by Vogue to interview Mr. Star, a 34-year-old producer, about his latest series, “Central Park West.” She took him to the Bowery Bar and the two hit it off.
Weighing such benefits as a falloff in school dropout rates and a decline in crime, the bank calculated that every dollar invested in the sistema was reaping about $1.68 in social dividends.
“As a finance person,” Mr. Mulia said, “I think in terms of money.
The risk analysis will also be used by other agencies.
I can take it home as a reference.
?zi, the Neolithic iceman whose well-preserved body was found in the Alps in 1991, bled to death after being hit in the back by an arrow, Swiss scientists said.
Staffing the pits with medical experts is not new.
For the record, this season’s crop of games starts Thursday with the San Diego County Credit Union Poinsettia Bowl.
It is as if Delmer never left.
But those plans were shelved in 1999.
The love affair between rock and leather continues thanks to Ronald Pineau, a French D.J.
But a comprehensive peace must also include a resolution on the Golan Heights.
Health and Human Services System are deeply saddened by the passing of our beloved and esteemed Board Member, Harry B. Henshel, who served the agency with distinction for 25 years.
Tracy Reese’s over-the-top outfits, a few given the extra touch of a colonial lace cap, summoned puzzlement.
Mr. Minor said that he had gone looking for someone who was an expert in DNS, but who was not frozen in the past.
Across the San Francisco Bay, a similar foundation to support the Oakland Unified School District, where the median family income is $44,384, raised $138 a pupil that year.
I have never had ruckus-worthy barbecue at any of the places that brandished that kind of sentiment.
I like the sculptures made of balls, in part because they are so inventive and in part because they are such beautiful, inviting objects.
After their mother attempted suicide and was found unfit to raise them, both children were placed in foster care by the state’s Department of Children and Families.
The New Jersey attorney general’s office said that there were 32,000 drunken-driving arrests in the state in 2006 and that about a third of that year’s 770 driving fatalities were alcohol-related.
“I couldn’t see anything else because of the smoke and dust.”
Ben Wizner, Mr. Masri’s lawyer at the civil liberties union, said in an interview that the courts had permitted the doctrine to evolve from an evidentiary privilege to a broad grant of immunity, a way for the executive branch to shield itself from judicial scrutiny.
Would the banks brand it as a QuickBooks product?
This year, Vinokourov, one of the race favorites, tested positive for the same infraction.
Especially at this time of the year, it does our hearts good to know that people like the bishop, in the person of Mr. Mu?
Through the 1980s and early ’90s, it built personal computers for the likes of Compaq.
“As much as we often underestimate the depth of our problems, it’s also natural for us to underestimate the depth and robustness of our economy.
ANDREW CARNEGIE wasn't born in Pittsburgh , nor did he die there, but Pittsburgh was where he made his money, and making money was something very dear to Carnegie's heart.
But “Remembrance,” an elegiac ballad he wrote for the pianist Andrew Hill, was led by a slow and pretty melody, for which both musicians smeared their sound: Mr. Iyer used a sustain pedal, and Mr. Mahanthappa played webby, breathy saxophone notes.
I don’t know what else to say.
At the International Bison Conference last month in Rapid City, S.D., more than one of the 500 American and Canadian ranchers in attendance wanted to share the story of how they had switched from eating beef to buffalo and had a significant drop in cholesterol.
“We’ve said all the way through that there are better ways to deal with traffic congestion,” said Walter McCaffrey, a former city councilman from Queens who is the spokesman for the group, Keep NYC Congestion Tax Free.
A quality animal is a very precious commodity these days.” Certainly there are less-expensive horses and local competitions, but skimping on a horse at a show like the Classic is not an option.
Granite markers honoring some of those who raced at the track known as “the Glen” — including the King himself, Richard Petty — have been placed in the tidy sidewalks.
That match is now under investigation by the ATP.
Competition is so intense, she said, that her salon still charges $8 for manicures Monday through Wednesday, the same price it charged when it opened in 1984.
He did, however, make his first real waves in a Grand Slam by upsetting Andy Roddick in five sets to reach the semifinals of Wimbledon this year.
“As a scholar, she’ll be fine,” said Stanford’s president, John L. Hennessy, who succeeded Ms. Rice as provost in 1999.
Survived by his devoted wife, Greta; father to Dr. Lynne Levitsky, Barbara Chargaff, A. Paul Bogaty, Esq., the late Dr. Diana Lipton and the late Dr. Nina Bogaty; father-in-law to Dr. Sidney Levitsky, Thomas Chargaff and Joan Bogaty, Esq.
Agency officials said that enforcing rules and issuing fines would have delayed the cleanup, and contractors could have passed along the cost of the fines to the city.
It is a bucolic town, whose only showy gesture is well earned.
During that time, he also received an award for his work on a documentary about the aviators the Wright Brothers.
It manages a portion of Singapore’s foreign exchange reserves, and other public funds.
With varying degrees of success, others have resorted to bribery.
“Like a wine-and-cheese party.” Both classical and cool jazz offer a general appeal rather than a particular one, Dr. Kassabian said.
There’s no reason that a disabled actor shouldn’t play and illuminate Richard — or Lear, or Macbeth, or Hamlet.
Its southern edge is scooped up by Linden Boulevard.
Instead of providing a buffer zone, development encroached into the core zone, which was covered over by concrete.” You could read that story in a hundred different developing countries today.
It was the story of a boy who lies to get attention.
Just getting to the lighthouse adds to the romance of a stay.
Her dwindling savings had bought her family passage aboard a crowded bus, but there was no telling what awaited her at journey’s end.
While there had been indications over the weekend that the Chinese might drop their opposition to such a move, it appeared on Tuesday that they were reconsidering again, the official said.
Very few adults ever become substantially taller, faster or more artistic.
Bank of America’s new free service, for example, allows customers who have cellphones with Internet access to check balances, pay bills and transfer money on their handsets.
But when the pasta arrived, drenched in a briny, spicy tomato broth, there was no fork and no waiter in sight.
“While we hoped Jim would stay, we respect his decision to move on in pursuit of new challenges,” Mr. Grinstein said in a separate statement announcing Mr. Whitehurst’s exit.
The central bank reduced rates twice in response to market fears, but the panic subsided almost as quickly as it began.
They look just like the remaining 106 homes priced at market rates, around $500,000 for buyers 55 and older.
Third baseman Brandon Inge misplayed Johnny Damon’s leadoff single, and Placido Polanco followed by making two mistakes on the same play.
“We should be extremely wary of protecting financial institutions and their various stakeholders from incurring losses.” Policy makers said when they cut interest rates this week that the move was taken “to help forestall some of the adverse effects” of financial disruptions on the broader economy, rather than to rescue investors.
Be sure to browse the large collection of old movie equipment and projectors that line the hallways.
Karl Benz, whose three-wheel gas-powered contraption was the forerunner of the modern automobile, just can’t get a break.
The installation artist Mike Kelley, for example, who grew up in Detroit, recalls that in between rescuing art magazines from the recycling center he attended concerts by local bands like the MC5 or the Stooges.
The Netherlands was down by 25 imps at halftime but gained 31 imps in the second session to score a 6-imp victory.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
THE CROWD Casual, loud, festive.
We have failed, and George Bush has failed.
The simulations allow them to make structural changes on the computer screen, before any metal parts have been built.
Merrill Lynch, the country’s biggest equity underwriter, charged 7 percent on 12 of the 30 initial stock sales it managed this year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
In a news conference on Monday, law enforcement authorities said that they had charged the man, Timothy W. Krajcir, 63, with five counts of murder and three counts of rape for crimes committed in 1977 and 1982.
In addition to the lobbying, health care and wage legislation, Democrats are near bipartisan approval of a higher education bill.
In an ironic turn, the stubbornly nonreferential Lang was a dominant reference at the fall shows, his stealth brand of cerebral modernism breaking out all over the runways like a case of the sniffles at preschool.
He led 51 of the first 88 laps Sunday, and Stewart was the only driver he had to worry about at the end of the race.
He’s — I’ll leave it at that.
They also modified one vehicle to give electricity back to the power company.
While John Edwards is decrying special interests, Bill Richardson might type: “Gee, John, what exactly would you call the trial lawyers?” Or Christopher Dodd might write: “Why is Kucinich still talking?
The bridegroom, 35, is a gastroenterologist who specializes in liver disease.
The rivalry between the Supreme Council and Mr. Sadr’s movement, which both have a religious Shiite platform, has intensified in recent weeks.
Acetate wings, glued onto a wooden dowel that ran through the body, would spin when the handle was cranked.
Any differences in tenderness had nothing to do with grain finishing.
Most visitors to Rome inevitably think in terms of Classical art and architecture , but there are also contemporary alternatives.
The Taliban appeared to have dropped their central demand, which was the release of eight of their imprisoned members.
For Rutgers, the pivotal sequence in the game came late in the third quarter as kicker Jeremy Ito prepared to attempt a 32-yard field goal with Rutgers leading by 20-17.
It has sex, drug use and abundant profanity.
And decades after Piaf wowed audiences in the neighborhood's cabarets populaires, Belleville and M?lmontant are once again buzzing with a vibrant music scene.
Mr. Salander “used to say, ‘Do the right thing for the art and the rest will follow,’” Mr. Crawford said.
“Am I in the mood for jokes?” the gangster asked.
Sometime later it reopened under a new name, the Red Capitol Cinema, and became a place for uplifting Socialist films and productions.
BINGHAM--Eileen Mooney, of Huntington Bay on December 21st, 2007.
The attorney general, Roy A. Cooper, and his spokeswoman could not be reached Tuesday night.
Park Place closed in 1967, and Paula Cooper, its director and president at the time, opened a space on Prince Street, the first commercial gallery in SoHo.
Our heartfelt sympathy to his wife, Grace, and their six daughters.
All galleries must get permission for exhibits; the government frowns on raw sexuality, and overtly political paintings, like depictions of “Uncle Ho,” are prohibited.
President Hugo Ch?z said President Bush should be tried for ''war crimes'' in relation to the Iraq war.
Since applications are not screened first by employers, the government bears the burden and cost of assessing them.
A sorority accused of evicting members based on appearance and popularity sued DePauw University over its decision to expel the sorority.
“He’s a man full of surprises, so we’ll see what happens.” Why that expectation floated through the Giants’ locker room is unclear.
He also seeks a safe haven for rationalist believers.
'THE NUTCRACKER' (Saturday and Sunday) Children who aren't ready for a full serving of the Land of the Sweets and the other confections of ''The Nutcracker'' may enjoy this low-calorie version: It's just an hour and geared especially to ages 2 to 11.
“And the year we stage the regatta is secondary to the uncertainty.
And the musician Moby, after being asked to comment on the American idea and intellectual copyright, wondered what had happened to an e-mail message he said he had sent explaining that he had a hangover and wanted a softball question.
The memo lays the responsibility for many of these episodes on the newly enrolled students.
Mr. Kuriansky, the investigation commissioner, oversaw the background checks.
In fact the Hotel K is at the base of the Vosges Mountains outside a picturesque Alsatian village and only 40 minutes from downtown Strasbourg.
What’s not to love?” José Molina, who solidified the reserve catcher spot after a trade with the Angels in July, said that he believed he could start for another team but would gladly return as a backup.
Beyond that we simply need more information,” said Dr. Clyde W. Yancy, the panel’s chairman and a cardiologist at Baylor University Medical Center.
“All along, I kept saying that I wanted to go to Europe in four years, and here I am, after only three and a half years in M.L.S.
Designing a nuclear weapon involves sophisticated mathematical and engineering work to figure out how to squeeze the bomb fuel in a way that creates the nuclear blast.
But he is critical of much of the thinking now in vogue.
Others worry that the rule is a distraction from the agency’s main business.
Next door is La Castañeda, a Mission Revival hotel that was once a jewel in the Harvey House chain.
Rising from desperate poverty, he collected garbage to put himself through college.
“I make wine, and maybe one person likes the cinema and the other person likes the wine.
Jim attended Scarsdale schools, graduated from Salisbury School in Connecticut and Gettysburg College in Pennsylvania.
Now, however, the party is proving to be much louder and more complex than anyone had shown before.
Ebony went so far as to call the African-American embrace of the Cadillac, and G.M.’s supposed discomfort about that embrace, part of the “war for racial equality.” And indeed, part of what Boyd had to contend with was a perception that brands adopted by blacks might be rejected by whites.
MR. ROMNEY: Just one small adjustment to what Governor Huckabee had to say.
It depends on what matters to you most.
“It’s very, very hard.” Mr. Handelsman waited for Ms. Meymann to finish, then said gently: “Nobody in this room is having an easy time.
And if the denouement isn’t credible, neither is it infuriatingly clichéd.
Known to her family as Suzy, Carol is survived by her husband Raymond L. Forsythe and their son Pierce Christopher Forsythe.
GIDEON YU, the former chief financial officer of YouTube and current chief financial officer of Facebook, is one of the most notable new executives in Silicon Valley.
Nov. 28 Chronicle of an Escape From Argentina, where it was originally titled “Buenos Aires, 1977,” a story of the feared death squad days, involving the kidnapping of a soccer player.
He howls, eats and frolics with them.
According to Mr. Stanek of TNS Retail Forward, merchants are in no position to complain.
StumbleUpon recommends pages within sites like Flickr, MySpace or YouTube based on “thumbs up” or “thumbs down” votes from other Web users with shared interests.
The police said she was struck by Mr. Fowler's Dodge Ram van and thrown or dragged about 65 feet.
Brazil is sitting on the most abundant farmland in the world, which it has been using a part of to produce sugar cane for ethanol.
“I actually think things have gotten harder,” Mr. Whalen said.
I fear that the abolition of the Electoral College would open the door toward extreme ideological and regionally based presidents.
The exodus last month was unusual.
The significant contributions of African-American soldiers to D-Day — little known, even to the buffs to end all buffs who manage the minutiae of Second World War history — are the starting point for “A Distant Shore: African Americans of D-Day,” which has its premiere tonight on the History Channel.
The Mitfords remain fascinating because they were involved with so many 20th-century developments, from Nazism to the decline of the British aristocracy.
It is also a way to mark territory.
But he uses his agreeable manner as a weapon that lends force to the character’s quick turns to sarcasm and cruelty and anger.
Governor Huckabee favored the parole.
After more than a decade out of power in the House, they have tried to expand the policy frontiers on issues like energy and health care.
The most recent column was by Ahmed Yousef, a spokesman for Hamas, the party elected to lead the Palestinian government and a group dedicated to the destruction of Israel.
(Yes, happy hour seems to be a big thing here; almost every bar and restaurant in town has one.)
It was an all-around bonanza for the Rangers, who won their second game in a row after a prolonged slump.
Bishop said Morrison’s promoter gave them the H.I.V.-negative test of antibodies from Feb. 7, but they had not seen the Jan. 5 test showing H.I.V.
In lieu of flowers, donations in her name to: Montefiore Medical Center/ Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Cancer Center or Calvery Hospital Funds.
Climate change may get the most publicity, but it’s not the only global phenomenon linked to rising levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
“Put away the bird feeder,” Mr. Pearce said.
I literally wouldn’t know how to answer that at this point.” He did say the site will always be free, and that it will earn its revenue through advertising.
“My husband loves to keep investigating.
So Dr. Parris bought a spa franchise from Ageless Remedies, and now spends his time administering Botox injections and performing laser hair removal.
• I still remember the long charter flight home from Vancouver after the third Stanley Cup in 1982.
So are America’s most popular vitamins actually harmful?
He had a .642 slugging percentage and a .379 on-base percentage.
The defendant, Clenard M. Simmons, 26, pleaded guilty on April 5 to four counts of abusive sexual contact and one count of aggravated sexual abuse for five attacks from February 2004 to May 2005.
Her spa-like approach uses a few Japanese needles all over the body.
Ms. Hernandez finds a larger mission: Having been hired by the Workers Center, she takes a trip to the Lower East Side Tenement Museum and Ellis Island in New York and acquires a sense of the historical recurrence of their plight.
When his children asked for name-brand clothes, Harlan found a friend who ran a consignment store.
On February 28, 2007, Rosalie Zlotnik, formerly of Rockville Centre, died peacefully at home.
Initially, a spokesman for Mr. Kinard said there was no record of a lease or rent payments to allow containers to be stored on the premises, but two weeks later he said the agency had discovered an agreement in perpetuity in 1993 with the container storage company, Palmer Industries.
Her house, on a raised foundation, has two stories, five bedrooms and a total 6,200 feet of space on a lot that once held a modest three-bedroom ranch.
He is also a vice chairman of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, where her mother is the research coordinator for special exhibitions in the European painting department.
Forty years later, he and his German-born photographer wife still live in the Old Market, although they keep a Paris apartment.
7) 1999 JetBlue launches, replicating Southwest’s budget, no-frills formula — but with the frills.
So, if Cabrera helped Florida get a package that includes Maybin and Miller, Santana, who may be the best pitcher in baseball, should fetch attractive prospects as well.
I was raised as a Catholic, but I didn’t like the Catholic Church at all.
“Culture is not just deluxe,” he said.
“I said, ‘You signed the most liberal abortion bill in America,’ ” Mr. Spencer recalled, referring to Mr. Reagan’s signing of a California bill easing abortion restrictions in 1967.
His mother is a substitute elementary school teacher in Toronto.
(Smith) INTERNATIONAL CENTER OF PHOTOGRAPHY: ‘GERDA TARO’ AND ‘THIS IS WAR!
has been dominating the N.F.L.
A Glance in the Mirror But with the date fixed, Deborah, for the first time in months, began to doubt her decision.
The timbre is brightly lighted and strong, well suited to Mozart, for example, and to the musical era before powerful chest tones became more important.
Investigators searching the body of an unidentified man who was killed by a subway train at 7:15 a.m. yesterday found a piece of paper on the body with a woman’s name printed on it.
Finally healthy in training camp this year, and with a solid understanding of the offense, Everett moved up to No.
The girl and her mother had been trying to cross the street; the mother stopped at a crosswalk but the girl did not, Mr. Stessel said.
A t the end of this past August, Jakie Kassin, a community leader, grandson of the author of the Edict and son of the current chief rabbi, received a laminated wooden plaque measuring 4 feet by 2 feet for his inspection.
The shuttle has a launch window of Dec. 6 to Dec. 13, Mr. Hale said, and must leave the station by Dec. 23 in order to return home by Christmas.
“I’m not to the point where I’d get my teeth shaved or anything.” For almost as long as the literary category of science fiction has formally existed, it has been complemented by that peculiar institution known as the science-fiction convention, a haven for fans to congregate and bicker with fellow readers from around the country, and to fawn over and pester their favorite writers.
“How about a compassionate misanthrope?” Mr. Peavoy’s letters to Ms. Rodham are lost to posterity, unless she happened to keep them, which he doubts.
Who will be my stoic father figure, always calm in a crisis, always the model of stability and dignity, always speaking to the news media with ease and grace, always inspiring loyalty and, yes, love from his players?
It’s scary.” With plunging exchange rates, American expatriates whose pensions or incomes are paid in dollars are scrimping.
Caption information is provided below.
As Justine’s friends fed quarters into the meter guarding their temporary wonderland, she peddled the bike blender, sporting a T-shirt that read, “Girls Gone Green.” “There are so many ways to make the world a better place,” Justine said.
Last week against the Giants, Collins did not complete many passes, but the ones he did complete went for big yardage.
At the Army’s legal academy in Charlottesville, Va., where he earned a master’s degree in 2002, he had not been among those outraged by the Bush administration’s decision to set aside the Geneva Conventions in the fight against terrorism.
“Because there’s long been a divide in this country.
I think that’s what Althea stood for, being true to herself.”
None has yet lost a spouse, but they fear what will happen to the one left behind.
Trailing the vines into the sculpture-filled court.
Plavix revenue plunged 12 percent, to $5.5 billion, last year after Apotex flooded the American market with its copy of the drug.
Then, hungering for a glimpse of the ocean, even through the persistent cloud cover, the four of us drove up the Pacific Coast Highway to Malibu, and pushed the Impala through hairpin turns into the Santa Monica Mountains, where we found the Paramount Ranch.
But Madison’s core political activity in the years before the drafting of the Constitution was opposing a bill in the Virginia Legislature that would have given aid to multiple religious sects on perfectly nonpreferential terms.
“I think warrior is overstating it a bit in this time of war,” he quickly responded.
“Our Zero has been shot down about 600 times in previous shows, but this once we offered the opportunity to have the Wildcat shot down, in return for a large order.” Mr. Frasca says that most collectible World War II aircraft cost $1 million to $2 million, while lower-end training aircraft can run $100,000 to $500,000.
There will also be ponds, including one that will be stocked with fish.
If embassies wished to remain in La Paz, he said, “That would be their choice.” Ditto for some ministries, he said.
As an emotional defense, Helen developed an alter ego named Ellie in whom she could confide, and she also began to hear voices — the voices of God’s messengers, she says, who told her to save her own children by killing them.
One of the six panel artists, Joseph D'Alesandro, depicted a worker hauling a can with the city's skyline on it.
“Head Case” is a new comedy with a relatively languorous pace and no laugh track — the kind of show that, like Larry David’s or Ricky Gervais’s, wants to remind you what a fount of abasement daily existence actually is.
The Giants’ locker room is a long rectangle.
Morris borrows his setting (St. Petersburg, Russia) and his main character (the plump, pale-eyelashed Porfiry Petrovich) from “Crime and Punishment” and begins the action in December 1866, more than a year after Porfiry solved the crime at the core of Dostoyevsky’s book: the murder of an aged pawnbroker and her half-sister by a penniless student named Raskolnikov.
Months later, he was fined after threatening a police officer who he said derided the Prophet Muhammad.
Yet in Europe, diesel-powered cars, despite their noisiness, are popular for one reason: they get much better mileage than standard gasoline engines, often as much as 40 percent better.
Son of the late Irene and Harry Flinn and friend to many.
“The old religious idiom has been replaced by a secular one, and this tends to obscure what otherwise would be obvious,” he wrote.
Next will come a kitchen, living room and bathroom.
Because now I’ve got the wrong things out of my diet.
“That way I can dress, one, two, three,” he said, “without having to put too much thought into it.” But Gretchen Fenston, in a gingham-banded boater, top row, worked an unabashedly studied look.
The book offers elegant, user-friendly descriptions of the arguments that persuaded Flew, arguments familiar to anyone who has heard evangelical Christians’ “scientific proof” of God.
So is social networking, a natural fit in a country full of young people without siblings.
“If it’s my laptop,” Mr. Gotti replied, “why are you downloading porn on it?” Eventually, Mr. Gotti handed the man $200.
“The difference between Forest Hills and Rego Park is not as tremendous as it used to be.” Rego Park’s Central Asian influence is underscored by aromatic Bukharian restaurants on 63rd Drive and 108th Street.
Mr. Saint-Aignan, formerly the general manager of Bar Tabac on Smith Street, said he had had to take on two other jobs to stay afloat.
Yesterday was a good day for Wayne Chrebet .
He unveiled the image in a televised speech at the Beijing Aerospace Control Center.
It can alter the present, too, if parent and child have enough common ground.
He answered his own question: “I have to say it takes time.” The government’s critics argue that progress would be quicker if public officials were not so busy enriching themselves.
A man and woman who met in the back seat of his cab exchanged phone numbers, he said.
Apparently, Phil Spector wanted to borrow it.
He claims he signed in “a state of intense anxiety,” in an attempt to keep news of the arrest from getting out.
Unlike those Web sites, which operate as futures markets, with participants backing their predictions with dollars or online scrip, the Sloan Center’s eLab is free and gives participants a way to earn something potentially more valuable: a reputation.
They gave Jax the master bedroom and, instead of retrieving their furniture from Idaho, furnished their place with items from the Salvation Army thrift store on West 46th Street.
9 Dodge driven by Kasey Kahne, the No.
New studies are raising questions about whether drugs that have been used by millions of cancer patients might actually be harming them.
Ella T. Grasso of Connecticut, the first woman elected governor of any state who did not succeed her husband, had a diagnosis of ovarian cancer in March 1980, halfway through her second term, announced her resignation the following December and died two months later.
One neighbor who peeked inside after her body was found said old newspapers were piled on the once grand staircase and plastic supermarket bags were strewn across the hardwood floors.
“He loved Skip so much.
The $500 travel grant they have awarded her will not cover the cost.
Jazz in July, the long-running concert series at the 92nd Street Y , concluded its current season on Thursday night in anomalous fashion.
Will the bellhops dress like Buckingham Palace guards, and will a replica of Big Ben cast a shadow over the lobby?
Had my grandfather ever slammed on the brakes, she would have been dyed purple from head to toe.
And travelers who think that runway overshoots happen primarily in other countries should consider a June 1999 incident in Little Rock, Ark.
When, asked one, was the last time the National Rifle Association commanded Republican presidential candidates to appear in a nationally televised debate on Second Amendment issues?)
Because in the long run, that decrease, accumulated over time, is going to dry out the system.” Pulwarty asked if I knew the projections for what it would take to refill Lake Powell, which is at about 50 percent of capacity.
The discovery of the suitcase briefly chilled relations between Argentina and Venezuela, which had grown closer through a series of energy accords and through Mr. Chávez’s refinancing of billions in Argentine debt.
Because so many of the anecdotes and even the general outline of Perkins's conspiracy theories date from the '60s, a better title might have been ''Rip Van Winkle Versus the Trilateral Commission.''
It was a moment that replayed some of the darker resentments that have swirled around Ms. Blanco since the storm.
The officer ended up in the emergency room with two spinal fractures.
“I had nothing to hide on this matter, I did nothing wrong,” she said.
His warm smile will be missed by all who knew him.
goes away at camp,” says a counselor, though as we watch a lanky young man brag about his highly medicated status, it’s clear that the cachet lingers.
In a nod to economic orthodoxy, Mr. Morales said, “I don’t want to for now.” Bolivia remains South America’s poorest country, with about 60 percent of the population of 9.1 million mired in poverty, making such debates crucial.
They were government deals, but not the traditional kind.
While hundreds of thousands of people nationwide are being affected by troubles in the lending market, Stockton has the highest foreclosure rate of any city in the country, according to RealtyTrac, a real estate data firm.
PERSONAL SPACES: A bedroom, situated on the entire upper level, has more than 400 square feet of space, including a half bath.
The Second and Third Street corridors that stretch from Old City to Northern Liberties have been cleaned up.
I think everybody played a better game, a solid game.” It was a stunning reversal of fortune for the Rangers (17-13-3), who had lost five of their previous six games and were humbled in giving up 10 goals in their last two.
“Adrian goes over each episode a hundred times, almost like for the camera,” she said.
officials will not comment on the agency’s secret surveillance programs.
Bonds did not know about the tape.
Most biographers work from the inside out.
Where they’re staying: Collector’s guesthouse.
“They came out of nowhere and on a comparative basis, the Marriott was instantly successful,” Mr. McConnell said.
The man responsible for many of those rankings, Bert Sperling, continues to plug away, dividing his time between Portland and Depoe Bay, Ore., compiling yet more data for yet more lists, just as he has for the last 20 years.
The decision was made in June as part of a shake-up of the Kraft agency roster that also involved familiar brands like Grey Poupon mustard, Oscar Mayer meats and Ritz crackers.
The Clinton campaign has agreed to help erase at least some of that.
“That might have given him an extra edge.
At least 60 of the more than 230 people on board the train were wounded, the authorities said.
Through December, 27 of the scrolls are on display at the San Diego Natural History Museum ( www.sdnhm.org ).
She sent three e-mail messages about marching in a town parade and urging employees to wear green to show support for the union in contract negotiations.
He has published one book and is working on a second.
Ring the bell to the left.
We do that a lot.
In solo passages each player produces a rich, shapely tone, with plenty of vibrato — a striking contrast with the group’s ensemble sound, in which vibrato is used sparingly, and every dynamic and tempo change is finely calculated.
He was taken into custody to appear on a misdemeanor drug charge in an incident that occurred after he was released on bond awaiting his new trial.
Even Boss struggles to build a list of similarities between the two.
“I know I can’t do what I used to,” she said, “but this feels like a hospital, not a home.” And that is in fact the near-universal reality.
As the lyrics begin with, “Well my friends are gone, and my hair is gray,” Ms.
This is a task dispatched to one of three assistants, from whom he demands formal, written apologies when they behave insubordinately.
In 1857, a year of bank failures and economic panic, they were attacked by police while protesting the lack of jobs and food.
For instance, they don’t have the types of developments that sprang up in the 1990s next door in Weston, which the 2000 census found to have 169 homes per square mile.
In 1596 and 1597, he joined the Earl of Essex and Sir Walter Raleigh on expeditions against the Spanish to Cadiz and the Azores, after which he came home to a position as secretary to Sir Thomas Egerton, a judge in Chancery and Lord Keeper of the Seal.
Anita's other children, Steven and Sharon, tragically predeceased her.
“I’m a very reluctant seller,” Mr. Moore, 50, said in a recent telephone interview.
“People love you when you’re winning, and when things aren’t going well, the first person they point to is the quarterback.” Pennington’s backup is Kellen Clemens, a 2006 second-round draft pick who can throw hard and far and who put together a strong fourth quarter in his first N.F.L.
Mr. Reyes admitted that he made three calls to 911 in October and November last year saying there would be an explosion in the station.
Bob was active in community affairs in Bronxville, chairing the Community Fund and serving on the Library Board, among other volunteer activities.
(If museums aren't for you, you can sneak in a little ersatz Africa by going to see “The Lion King” on Broadway.)
Over the last four years, the British government has been dogged by criticism of its relationship with Saudi Arabia, which is Britain’s biggest trading partner in the Middle East.
But nothing, no magical stories of crowd noise or strict rules that threatened disqualification, deterred some iPod users in the Marine Corps Marathon from bringing their music along on the 26.2-mile journey through scenic Washington and Virginia .
Two weeks ago, I got a similar call.
He did a lot of things during those four and a half decades, but his most important contribution, in the eyes of many of his peers, is the role he played in wrenching the subway system out of the abyss that it had fallen into in the 1970s and early 1980s.
Or the brownstone facade of the four-square India House?
“There’s a well-documented motherhood penalty: women with children are paid less than women without children,” controlling for other factors, said Mary Blair-Loy, a sociologist and author of “Competing Devotions,” a study of executive women who kept working versus ones who discontinued their careers.
Nuggets no more tender than those you retrieve from many a drive-through window.
He heard a hiss and then BAM!
“When we came to Adelaide , we were stunned to discover the area had the best of everything: great wine growing, people who raised good livestock, fantastic fruits and vegetables.
Home values, among other considerations, could be affected as flight paths shift.
“Forget having 20 of them.
''We would prefer to try the case sooner rather than later,'' Arnold Spencer, the government's lead prosecutor, told Judge Ewing Werlein of United States District Court in Houston.
JACKSON HEIGHTS KIDS' FILM FESTIVAL It's not easy to find American cinemas that offer samosas (Indian pastries filled with meat or vegetables) along with popcorn and candy.
But the amusing vertical-and-horizontal choreography of “Do-Re-Mi” — puppets aren’t limited by gravity — broke down all resistance; from then on there was clapping aplenty.
THE discreet yet unique clothes at A.P.C.
He was supposed to be one of the best pitchers in the world.
Brennan said that he was attending class for only about 90 minutes a day, he was doing other work outside the classroom.
Taiwai was born October 12, 1978 in Shanghai and passed away May 8, 2007 in New York after a courageous battle with lymphoma.
But Nebraska officials held the team’s flight to New York on a runway in Lincoln for two hours until they were assured that a certified expense check for $35,000 had been deposited in the bank.
The house has architectural details like long, thin windows in a paneled wall in the den and a notch that serves as a shelf, cut out of a wall in the sitting room.
The bombing of Nagasaki three days after Hiroshima, with a plutonium device, is handled in brisk but sufficient detail.
He retired Ortiz on a pop-up to end that game, and he struck out Scott Moore looking to end this one.
Since then, she said, she has rarely made more than minimum payments.
“There’s an aesthetic in decay that artists have found fascinating for a long time,” he said.
Yet it is our imagination, which gives us a chance to inhabit roles we never will in real life, that helps us understand how our actions affect others and nurtures sympathy or compassion.
“The sale of it is likely to occur in his lifetime,” said Elizabeth A. Wright, Curtis’s vice president for development.
Forget the supermarket stuff; this was more lean than fat, with smoke and salt in perfect balance.
Shortly before his death in 2002, Ralph Shapey completed “2 for 5,” a clarinet quintet for the Juilliard String Quartet and Charles Neidich.
“You’re taking layers and layers off your career when you head-butt and you get into little petty jealousy, he said-she said, egomaniac stuff.
By December, when Miss Yin attended a university orientation, classmates recognized her as the creator of the group.
“It’s very similar to ‘Footloose,’ ” he said.
“Microsoft maybe can get away with not being here because the Xbox 360 is doing well.
Still, said Marilyn A. Winkleby, the lead author and a professor of medicine at Stanford University: “In a poor neighborhood, the resources to support healthy lifestyles are less likely to be available, and our personal risk factors are influenced by our environments.
Instead, he politely called it “change.” But he agreed that AT&T and others could better explain that companies like his are more open than most people think.
“We haven’t even scrubbed the surface yet,” one investigator said.
Even now profitable shows are few and far between.
More than 5,800 people, mostly militants, have died in insurgency-related violence this year, a record, based on figures from Western and Afghan officials.
But Mr. Jobs did not take no for an answer.
Mr. Abu El Oun, a reporter for Agence France-Presse and head of the union here, telephoned a colleague.
Detective Calderon was arrested in the Bronx at 7 a.m. yesterday by a team of internal affairs officers and drug enforcement agents, according to the special narcotics prosecutor.
The weekly alternative Miami New Times summed it up last year: “Artmageddon!” “It’s impossible to see all that’s happening,” said Daniel Arsham, a sculptor whose work will be on display at Galerie Emmanuel Perrotin in the convention center.
Studios that have lined up behind Blu-ray, including Disney and 20th Century Fox, said the move would heighten consumer confusion at a point when Blu-ray appeared to be emerging as the best choice.
As his time at Guantánamo was winding down, his colleagues suggested to the public-affairs office that Diaz would make a good subject for a profile in the task-force newsletter, Behind the Wire.
“Our economy is dependent on satellites these days.
On Aug. 21 it offered to extend much of the current rate structure until 2010, and on Tuesday it announced that about two dozen small Webcasters had agreed to this deal.
I learned that from years of personal negative experience.” Wall Street itself was never particularly welcoming to Mr. Redleaf.
To counter this, the United Nations and the African Union are trying to send in an expanded, joint peacekeeping force.
Sometimes the fault is in the stars.
The protagonist pulls out a family portrait and nails it to the wall with his shoe.
Brett Favre can throw 10 more game-ending interceptions and fans will still cherish his moments of glory.
The employees then wired just under $3,000 while the man stayed on the phone, Chief Vincent said.
But neither Mr. Aikens nor Mr. Ramsay seems worried that their new places will cannibalize their old ones.
Eight candidates were on the ballot, but the incumbent, President Amadou Toumani Touré, was widely predicted to win.
So some viewers probably didn’t even think twice.
I don’t blame them if sometimes they just want to go shopping.
At the time prints were sold to raise money for the Children’s Aid Society 9/11 Fund.
Mr. Brownlee said that Mr. Giuliani was closely involved in talks with prosecutors on Purdue’s behalf beginning early last summer, when prosecutors made clear to the drug company that it faced the prospect of indictment, until late October, when the basic terms of the company’s guilty plea were reached.
Fan switched to walking on a treadmill carrying light weights or using an elliptical cross trainer at her gym while watching television.
“I pay $9,000 a year in taxes.” Tom Rokita, who lives across the street from the Patels and several other large South Asian families, said that cars had lately clogged the neighborhood, and garbage had drifted onto his well-tended garden.
Levin (East) won with her ace and switched to the club king, but it was too late.
Apart from salt and iron, everything could be paid for in kind.
The shooter, said Mr. Prieto, then turned the gun on him — but the weapon had jammed.
The most common question posted on the “Ask a Lawyer” section of the group’s Web site, Mr. Fox said, is about overtime: “Who’s eligible?
Game samplers will be able to be downloaded into the Wii using its broadband connection, and then transferred wirelessly to the DS.
Completeness is the selling point of this project and others.
Flight attendants helped serve while the pilot made regular announcements from the departure desk about the prospects for getting en route again.
“For us, it’s really about creating the platform for people to share things with their friends,” he said.
Caption information is provided below.
“The movie came out, it tanked, it got terrible reviews, it didn’t do any business,” he said, sounding gloomy at the memory.
Mr. Casciato, 39, who is Irish-Italian, is particularly devoted to the task.
“You’ll be able to see people moving around in there,” Mr. Howell said, “but not much more than that.” That gave the “hidden” spot — as much as anything in a loft is hidden — to the bedroom, which now becomes the most private part of the space.
“I work incredibly hard on all of my cases and am available at all hours of the night to represent my clients.”
It’s been handed down and handed down.
Food and drink are available at the Red Rock Grill, an open, airy restaurant with light-toned wood and a wall of picture windows to let in plenty of light and scenery.
“If Johtje hadn’t done what she did, my mother wouldn’t have survived and I wouldn’t be alive,” Mrs. Garfinkel, of Delmar, N.Y., told The Times Union of Albany after attending Mrs. Vos’s funeral on Oct. 16.
Ms. Salzberg was selected partly “on the basis of her experience and her work with the school,” said Debra Wexler, a department spokeswoman.
This year’s enrollment period continues through Dec. 31.
Ms. Olsen noted that leading business schools are already training students in these new, inclusive valuation methods, and that many companies are also busy teaching others how to credibly analyze their own intangible assets.
“Builders are realizing that they can build rentals with high amenities and real wow factor because people are willing to pay for it,” said Gary Malin, the chief operating officer of Citi Habitats.
bowl berth on the line.
IS HE THE NEW LANCE?
The couple acquired this inheritance not because they had any plans for their accumulated top hats and tax forms, but simply because neither they nor their forbears ever had the heart to throw anything away.
Put butter, oil or combination in a large skillet over medium heat; when butter melts or oil is hot, cook carrot, onion, potato and thyme with a healthy sprinkling of salt and pepper.
One myth that is enjoying a revival in a year when Republican presidential candidates are comparing themselves to Ronald Reagan, their iconic hero, is the notion that Mr. Reagan defeated President Jimmy Carter in 1980 by a coded appeal to white-supremacist voters.
He scored 4 points in the Knicks’ 45-point loss to the Boston Celtics, missing 9 of 11 shots.
Mr. George refused, causing Captain LoPresti to feel “disrespected,” court papers in the case have said.
Politkovskaya fought for the victims — of the state, of terror and of that Russian catchall, fate.
Now I too have misled you.
There was no immediate statement from the military, which has ousted four elected governments since 1960.
He had raised the possibility Tuesday, saying research into a California Supreme Court case indicated he might have erred in not allowing the lesser charge.
But Guerin promises the Islanders will continue to be tenacious and resourceful.
Those original observers counted a total of 90 species.
), you can’t judge a series by its name.
I love you completely, totally, always.
The travel situation is potentially even worse for researchers at state institutions in Florida.
We didn’t have anything when I was growing up.
My aunt found out with one little mistake I made and that was it.” Convinced that the school was too easy, her aunt, who was raising her, forced her to transfer from Benjamin Franklin High School to Jamaica High School, making an hourlong trip to and from Queens near the end of her sophomore year.
Bershawn Jackson led an American medals sweep in the 400-meter hurdles at the Athens Grand Prix Tsiklitiria meet, beating Kenneth Ferguson by a hundredth of a second (48.15 seconds).
As Rachel Sylvester noted in The Daily Telegraph, Brown faces some of the problems Hillary Clinton has with Barack Obama.
Apart from minor edits to the order, none of the military or civilian officials raised objections to the proposal to create a new Iraqi army or to formally dissolve Saddam Hussein’s security apparatus.
William O’Neill to Hollywood stars like Art Carney, and has been offered jobs with cruise lines and at far-flung clubs, but family, friends and loyalty to his local audiences have kept him grounded in eastern Connecticut and western Rhode Island.
After a round of gallery openings, artists and friends inevitably see the night off at the cantina Covadonga (Puebla 121, just off of Calle Orizaba; 52-55-5533-2922; www.banquetescovadonga.com ), where they can dine on juicy chunks of octopus (140 pesos) or a tortilla Española (60 pesos) and toast to their success.
“A business traveler who was paying anywhere from $250 to $300 one way before Labor Day is paying anywhere from $30 to $35 more one way now.” In the past, airlines often played a cat-and-mouse game with air fares, quietly putting in increases of $10 or $20 across the board or on selected routes.
And his straightforward approach finds a crisp psychological clarity in the fog of war that allows us to enter these characters’ heads, without any obvious polemical agenda blocking access.
More than half had not finished high school.
That investment included the construction of costly infrastructure to support the 68,000 people who routinely descend on Foxborough for Patriots games and other stadium events.
Former head of business affairs at the William Morris Agency, NY.
I’m doing this for all the other poor kids who got raped and couldn’t do anything about it.”
“There’s stuff to be taken care of, but the game takes precedence over everything else.” Devils left wing Zach Parise scored with 25 seconds left in the second period, his 16th goal.
Thursday’s “Tap International” program, also at the Duke, nearly drowned in extraneous elements like saxophones and a Carmen Miranda getup.
He said, ‘We really don’t have the money, and we don’t have a place to display it.’ ” That was pretty much all Riggio needed to hear.
Is anyone really expected to read the whole thing?
He agreed that their stocks will turn higher before their business does, but that means any delay in the market’s recovery may disappoint shareholders.
“It’s a textbook case of divine intervention,” declared Mr. Braude, whose father is a Reform rabbi and whose maternal great-great-grandfather was a rabbi in Baghdad.
But there is also the possibility that the human inhabitants of nature’s teeming borderlands will learn something from them.
“He may not like me for some reason, but this is not about Duerson and Ditka.
Mr. White, however, has long been an associate of the Fisher family, who started the Intrepid museum and have financed it over the years.
The bridegroom, 36, is a designer of interactive Web sites in New York.
The tallest building, a 69-story residential tower, would rise on the west side of First Avenue, between 39th and 40th Streets.
His most memorable stop came in the second quarter, on third-and-10 inside the Jets’ 20-yard line.
On the day I visited, the office was doubling as a set for “Alien v. Hunter,” which was being rushed into production to correspond with the Christmas release of 20th Century Fox’s “Aliens vs.
So most of the series’s usual, highly enjoyable villainy has been put aside.
It is framed by pretty pedestrian shopping streets, lined with the sorts of high-end boutiques that would be comfortable in Paris.
The consequences are evident in every aspect of life.
The United States, Taiwan’s closest political and military ally, has also criticized the referendum plan as needlessly provocative.
Gifts in her memory to www.mctf.org.
They’re confrontational, but they bring the audience with them rather than attack them.
“I think Congress has a responsibility to force George Bush to end this war,” he told voters in Tampa, Fla. Paul Begala, a Democratic consultant who was a senior adviser to Mr. Clinton in 1992 and is now close to Mrs. Clinton, said: “In 2002, he sounded like General Patton.
With love, Elyse and Stephen
Mr. Steig’s first submission to the magazine shows jail cellmates trading tales of parental woe: “My youngest is a terror.
(J. P.) NELLY This St. Louis rapper continues his campaign to cross all bridges — between country, R&B, dirty-South hip-hop, possibly even rock ’n’ roll — on “Brass Knuckles.” November (tentative).
But I recently bought a pocket cellphone at the Beijing airport and immediately called my wife in Bethesda — crystal clear.
By 1950, the population had reached 335,000.
Turkey’s Parliament voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to authorize sending troops into northern Iraq to confront Kurdish rebels in hide-outs there, sending an angry message to the Baghdad government and its Washington sponsor.
“My job is to make our customers look like heroes,” he says philosophically.
It was his wife, Judith.
It does not deter drug use, especially among addicts who need treatment to break their habits.
“Or are they just saddling people with debt they will not be able to repay?” In the last few weeks, Mr. Cuomo’s office has started a broader inquiry into the industry’s marketing tactics, according to people close to the matter who did not want to be identified because they are not authorized to speak about a continuing investigation.
She attended the University of Michigan and married Martin soon after graduation in 1962.
The latest admissions of doping have led some German politicians to demand tighter rules, with some calling for German TV stations to end their coverage of cycling races if the allegations of widespread doping are proved true.
It occurred to me that while I wasn’t looking forward to the noise of future parties, I could certainly see the allure of living in Dormandie Court, or at least of returning to a time in my life when I had less responsibility.
The average slugging percentage increased by 0.019 — only a marginal difference.
Victor Rabinowitz was born on July 2, 1911, in Brooklyn, where he grew up.
American officials said that 37 Chinese companies were involved in the illegal trade and that they had turned over the names of most of the companies to the Chinese authorities.
Hasek stopped Alex Ovechkin on a breakaway 3:27 into overtime.
Today, it is the vast public that must be educated to a grasp of the essential science.
Galleries from New York to Paris sent photos or suggested artists, and with the help of Kamran Diba, the architect of the still modern-looking museum and the empress’s cousin, and David Galloway, the museum’s first curator, the pieces were chosen.
He will be joined by the soprano Hei-Kyung Hong, the tenor Eric Cutler and the mezzo-soprano Nancy Maultsby.
She feels her parents should never have married.
Cairo’s streets were automatically the “Arab street” and what happened there often defined the mainstream.
But he never referred to the honor or to his global warming campaign.
The FK 150 Sideboard from Suite New York, in white with olive wood, 59 inches long by 18 inches wide by 28 inches high is $7,650 from (212) 421-3300 or suiteny.com .
None of the 250 passengers were injured when the brakes were applied, Mr. Stessel said.
The snow — and we walked on plenty of snow, even though it was July — was often a reddish tint.
There’s no guarantee that the religious left gets it right any more than the religious right does.
Keen says, “history has proven that the crowd is not often very wise,” embracing unwise ideas like “slavery, infanticide, George W. Bush’s war in Iraq, Britney Spears.” The crowd created the tech bubble of the 1990s, just as it created the disastrous Tulipmania that swept the Netherlands in the 17th century.
Every so often, the fishermen poured water over their catches — red mullets, shrimp, squid, sea bass and marlin — the excess spilling on to the piazza's stones.
Tempur-Pedic has doubled its product line to eight.
To the Editor: Re “More Juice, Less Punch,” by Jonathan R. Cole and Stephen M. Stigler (Op-Ed, Dec. 22): Someone supposedly once asked Ty Cobb, in his retirement, how he thought he would fare against modern pitchers.
Dearest Honey, we the children and grandchildren of Alan and Francine Gross will miss you forever.
He was a graduate of Dartmouth College, class of 1947, and served in the United States Navy during World War Two.
In the front gallery are three sculptures originally created in 1965, which Mr. Lamelas then destroyed and rebuilt in an attempt to merge painting, sculpture and architecture.
More study of this question would be valuable.
Henderson’s salad of beetroot, red onion, red cabbage, crème fraîche and chervil is a beautiful thing to behold, as are his recipes for “orbs of joy” (whole red onions cooked in chicken stock) and baked potatoes with garlic and duck fat.
We couldn’t enjoy its loveliness any more if we had millions of dollars and ropes of diamonds.” Well, maybe.
Wednesday at 8:30 p.m., with Gowns, a pleasingly unsettling California group that scrambles gurgling electronics, punkish petulance and indie-rock murmuring; Mercury Lounge, 217 East Houston Street, at Ludlow Street, Lower East Side, (212) 260-4700, mercuryloungenyc.com ; $12 in advance, $14 at the door.
This question makes a $3.5 billion difference to the World Trade Center’s owner and his insurance company, but you’d be hard pressed to think up a more pointy-headed question about the murder of nearly 3,000 people.
That is one million more than in 1997.
and S.V.R.,” the domestic and overseas espionage agencies of the Russian government.
They were persecuted as loyal members of the Communist Party.
The remaining $60 billion or so is expected to be raised from dozens of financial institutions, including several outside the United States.
Something just as laughable is likely to happen today, at the first Republican debate on the economy.
Here, too, variety was the rule, and homogeneity the exception: “Every district had its own specialty.
These excess nutrients drive out native plants and fish.
By fostering an artsy culture, fertile ground was created for economic development, even if some of the original bohemian touchstones are gone.
And fishermen, who will be expected to carry that receipt for seven days, will have to empty water from their bait buckets and from their boats’ live wells and bilges before moving from one body of water to another.
If they are her friends, she’ll get them a preopening cup of coffee.
The film is certainly interesting, but you may find yourself wishing Mr. Landes had taken a less passive approach and fleshed out some things he only hints at.
Anything that’s around me, I will catch.
He writes of walking barefoot through the desert of Sonora, Mexico, the better to glide over the dunes, despite the presence of rattlesnakes, and being exhilarated by his terror; of getting out of his tent in the Alaskan wilderness to see a grizzly bear.
Both executives said they were not certain what to expect at the stores on Friday evening.
Assisting with logistics for the event was a young seminary dropout named Mike Huckabee .
That visit inspired him to find a way around the moral issues that had bogged down stem cell research, not just in the United States but also Japan, where the Education Ministry put tough restrictions on embryo use.