But our job was done, so she left.
We are delivering lifesaving therapies.
And who do they think is responsible for her death?
He lobbied intensely for Mr. Matzneff to win a seldom-awarded lifetime annual stipend from the National Book Center, the center’s current director, Vincent Monadé, told the newspaper L’Opinion.
So far, students from N.Y.U.
To what degree is this show a political statement?
Every single night, there was a palpable sense of catharsis in the theater before, during and after the performance.
The website ever so vaguely suggested that they will also continue to receive free security protection from London’s Metropolitan Police.
When she went under, her heartbeat was so irregular they had trouble placing the new wire.
Those decisions are expected next month.
“I’m not actually a billionaire, but I spend like one.” And he gives examples, such as throwing himself an elaborate party in St. Barts for his 45th birthday.
Wright, a vocalist, has an immense and luxurious instrument; with just a dab or a whisper, she can make a lyric feel all-encompassing, like an ultimate truth.
Three gunmen attacked Kabul University, Afghanistan’s largest university, taking hostages and killing at least 19 people.
Rent or buy on iTunes, Vudu and other streaming platforms and pay TV operators.
But the governor was firm on who did not have that power: the president.
Life during the pandemic has been much the same as it ever was for Sungjae Im, who rode out the PGA Tour shutdown at the Saddlebrook Resort in Tampa, where he was able to practice without interruption.
In the past, only substantial and sustained monetary help or long-term institutionalization counted, and fewer than 1 percent of applicants were disqualified on public charge grounds.
“I think that’s an excuse for people who are looking to blame someone; it’s not us, it’s them,” he said.
To read the unabridged transcript from the interview with Senator Klobuchar, click here.
But then he noticed he could make out some people’s expressions through the windshield, and even see their smiles.
“A Hindu temple in the capital,” he added, “was going to show the world that Pakistan is a place for all religions.” Then Muslim clerics stepped in again, and things started changing.
Antigen tests, he added, were “lifesaving instruments” that had been called “godsends” by some nursing home representatives.
George W. Bush thought so, too, by the way, which is why he took the lead in fighting H.I.V./AIDS through the Pepfar program.
The old writing axiom of “show, don’t tell,” applies especially to wine.
Now scientists are bringing that cry to their labs and research centers.
“Both parents put so much into Amanda’s tennis,” said Nick Saviano, the veteran coach and a longtime adviser who was close with Konstantin Anisimov.
She also overlooks the rich history of middle- and working-class cooperative housing in New York City.
Within a day of the death of Mr. Floyd, Mr. Frey, a civil rights lawyer who is white, quickly denounced the officers involved.
Thus far, all the iron front’s handsomely restored pilasters and columns have been installed on the new six-story building at 74 Grand, which has a setback penthouse atop five stories that align with the old window openings.
During the pandemic, banks and other lenders have been giving consumers more time to pay bills and waiving late fees and interest.
With near-final results showing Bernie Sanders and Pete Buttigieg in a dead heat for the lead in Iowa’s troubled caucuses, seven presidential candidates are set to debate tonight in Manchester, N.H. Here’s what to watch for when the event begins at 8 p.m. Eastern.
After capturing the shooting frame by frame, she spent three hours at police headquarters being questioned as a witness.
The gold sconces offer a glimmer of opulence, but the walls themselves are covered in a subdued, cream-colored wallpaper — the same wallpaper that covered them at least 50 years ago.
“The documents show that the administration accepted Philips’ first offer without even trying to negotiate a lower price.” The committee launched an investigation in April to determine why the country was without much-needed ventilators during the initial months of the coronavirus pandemic.
In the United States, where education varies widely because it is handled at the local level, some places have paid little attention to developing remote learning, focused instead on an ill-fated effort to reopen schools.
Three years since the defeat, Neymar and P.S.G.
A washer and dryer are in a dedicated laundry closet.
(One of the town names not to endure was “Nieuw Utrecht,” or “New Utrecht,” home to present-day Bensonhurst.)
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court recently sided with the Trump campaign in a lawsuit seeking to reject all ballots that arrived without the requisite secrecy envelope, which are known as naked ballots.
Starter episode: “A Tree Grows in Brooklyn”
I had two tests (as suggested in the opinion piece) — and both were negative with 11 days of symptoms all in line with Covid.
(When explaining how newly married women were purged from the voter rolls because of hyphenated names, Abrams uses “Tanisha Hagen-Thomas” as a hypothetical, rather than, say, “Jane Doe-Smith.”) Other tactics include closing of convenient polling places and rollbacks of early voting.
About 370 people were arrested, including 10 over new offenses created by the security law, which takes aim at political dissent.
It returned abruptly to the headlines on Wednesday, when Germany said the poison had sickened the Russian dissident Alexei A. Navalny.
But Luisa del Rosal, a Republican running in a north Dallas suburb for a seat in the state’s House of Representatives, said the shift in demographics “isn’t something Republicans are taking lying down.” They, too, are courting nonwhite voters in a state where the Latino population will make up the largest share by 2021.
Dr. Budig, a Yankees fan since childhood, was disappointed.
He knows the cage he’s headed for.” Unarmed, Brooks was no threat to anyone.
“He was a populist leader, an outsider who spoke for people who felt they had been victims — of democracy, of market economics, of the old Communist Party elites,” recalled Mr. Krol, now retired.
“Elections must end sometime, a single deadline supplies clear notice, and requiring ballots be in by Election Day puts all voters on the same footing,” Justice Gorsuch wrote.
Follow along here or on Twitter, @jillcowan.
They work by disorienting people with a loud noise or a brilliant flash of light.
“I keep thinking of this house I saw in a pretty affluent neighborhood that had a ‘Biden Harris’ sign and ‘No on 21’ sign,” said Tony Roshan Samara, program director of land use and housing at Urban Habitat, a Bay Area policy and advocacy organization.
Traditionalists like the idea that a child allowance benefits non-working mothers, unlike subsidies for child care.
Colston Girls’ School said it would begin a six-week consultation to consider changing its name.
Many excitedly welcomed Mr. Larson back and praised his new works, noting the vibrant colors and Mr. Larson’s unmistakable brand of absurdist humor.
He served as a New York Fire Department battalion chief.
Walgreens does not see children at its drive-through clinics.
Come up with a rationale.
Those who can’t join the game can watch the festival on the Twitch live stream.
Above all, it is a tale of how newness enters the world.
Most soccer clubs rent indoor spaces in public schools or private gyms.
Indeed, some cheerleaders have made thousands of dollars through social media ads and brand partnerships.
His advice to parents: “If for any reason you cannot find your child, check the water first,” including pools, any standing water and bathrooms.
But besides all of these creative measures, there is an increasing fear, particularly among poll workers, that the election would be unsafe for them to staff.
Prosecutors said that Mr. Abdullah, acting under orders from the same Shabab commander who masterminded an attack on a hotel in Kenya in 2019, was arrested as he trained in the Philippines to hijack an aircraft and fly it into a building in the United States.
It is true that at the time virtually no one in government was prepared to do what was needed to end the Depression.
At a campaign rally in Miami early Monday morning, Mr. Trump attacked the news media for its emphasis on the virus, which prompted the crowd to chant, “Fire Fauci!
Then, if Klausner takes no action on the dueling motions for summary judgment, the sides are set to meet in his courtroom on May 5.
“I’m in the business of putting things inside the cell,” he said.
She last saw her sister nearly two weeks ago, the day after Yimel was hospitalized.
The number of Chinese tourists to North Korea has been rapidly rising since​ President Xi Jinping of China visited Pyongyang​ last June.
Go in thinking of it as an experiment,” said Mordechai Levy-Eichel, Ph.D., an education historian at Yale University and a father of three who was home schooled himself.
The Wright Peak Ski Trail captures the spirit of the best 1930s-era trails, rolling with the terrain, twisting and turning all the way down, constantly surprising you.
The same energy and wit animate Mr. Creshevsky’s digital creations.
So I trace my roots back to Al Rashad.
“But lots of other things can happen too, like viral illnesses, appendicitis, etc.
The show, which runs through May 17, came about by accident.
Its followers have hijacked the online #SaveTheChildren movement, and inserted QAnon messaging into claims about child exploitation and human trafficking.
What is it like to live in this small college town during ordinary times?
Since the pandemic began, people have been clapping, singing and howling into the night at a certain hour.
The letters note videos and social media posts by the companies or their distributors in which the F.T.C.
In the closing days of the campaign, Mr. Trump often said that he couldn’t imagine losing to the likes of Mr. Biden.
The tempo and cadence may vary.
Then you mix that in with fart humor and visual magic, and I think parents will delight in seeing it themselves, but also having their kids see it, over the years.
But I don’t think that’s the way it’s likely to play out — unless you’re also willing to encourage readers to vote for Republican congressional candidates in swing districts as a way of containing the potential excesses of the Bernie agenda.
No one is safe from being cast out.
Sadly, in recent years, this behavior seems to have become the norm in political debates, frequently making it difficult for the TV audience to understand what is being said.
Just as artists and musicians left Manhattan for other parts of New York City, so have many wine lovers had to turn elsewhere for formative experiences.
“Art seems a little bit impotent now,” she concedes.
It was the third week of August, the Republican National Convention was days away, and President Trump was impatient.
Modernity made our families this way, scattering them around the globe, leaving some of us feeling insecure in our roots.
Actors’ Equity, which represents about 750 Disney World performers, has been sparring with the company over coronavirus testing.
“The nature of the work and societal issues really are holding women back a lot,” said Dorothy M. Schulz, a retired professor at John Jay College of Criminal Justice who has written extensively about the careers of women executives in law enforcement.
“It doesn’t create animosity, but everyone walks away having had their opinion heard.
We received an evite to a virtual wedding.
In an effort to prevent long lines at polling locations across the country, some jurisdictions have offered hazard pay to compensate poll workers.
Yet moment to moment in Autechre’s algorithmic realm, anything can happen.
And she worries about the future: She doesn’t know when her previous day care providers will open or if they will have room for her kids when they do, because they will be operating at reduced capacity.
Turnberry itself drew attention when the Pentagon acknowledged it had been sending troops to the resort while they were on overnight layovers at the nearby Glasgow Prestwick Airport.
“Liquidity swap lines” are the main way to pipe dollars into the global financial system.
Instead, the country singer introduced his new songs in a baseball cap and flip-flops on Facebook Live from his Nashville basement.
“I like playing with rule-breaking techniques,” she says.
Country singer Brandy Clark will serenade James Corden on Thursday’s “Late Late Show.” HBO Max pulled “Gone with the Wind” from its streaming service, citing the 1939’s film’s “racist depictions” in a statement and pledging to eventually bring it back to the platform along “with a discussion of its historical context.”
Companies hired moderators to prevent abuse, report illegal content to law enforcement, ban commenters who broke the rules and generally keep the peace.
This is the first time I’ve seen the term JUKEBOX MUSICALS, which revolve around popular songs by a particular artist.
In everyday conversations, we discuss death rate and contagion, symptoms and treatments.
The street is classic east-end Toronto — three long blocks of houses huddled together, as if for warmth.
Si crees que estas cosas de Mario son extrañas, estás en buena compañía.
There have been other arrests of boogaloo adherents in recent months in Colorado, Texas and Ohio, each involving plots to ambush law enforcement.
“After days of peaceful protests and several meetings between myself, police leadership and members of the community, tonight’s event is disheartening,” he said.
The protesters had given Mr. Prayuth a deadline to resign from his post, delivering him a resignation letter to sign last week.
Shoppers show up to stores early when deliveries are made and clear out shipments in a matter of minutes.
As she said in many videos and workshops, her night job involved refereeing as people yelled at each other until they felt better.
“This darkness Australia opened up here” an Iranian refugee named Ali Fardmavini told me.
Their voters are forced to quickly pick another candidate.
One way to ease into a conversation about spending and budgeting is to use a real situation in your teenager’s life, said Billy Hensley, president and chief executive of the National Endowment for Financial Education, a nonprofit group that funds research to promote financial well-being.
Make it all pinot grigio and Prosecco, and they’d be very happy.
I told him I couldn’t take it — that Times policy was that I couldn’t accept anything even close to this.
“I encourage people to voice their opinions and anger, their heartbreak and their sadness, because undoubtedly it will be there,” he said.
He commutes an hour on the No.
“The hand of terror will not stop us from performing our tasks,” Prime Minister Maeen Abdul Malik Saeed said in a brief televised statement, calling on the government to stay in Aden and perform its duties.
Some political analysts say image-conscious politicians may resist masks, even if they are warranted, for fear that the coverings might make them look pessimistic or nervous.
And my sense, Ivan, is that during this period, the West — the United States in particular — is watching all of these former Soviet republics very warily and trying to make sure that they don’t slide back into old Soviet ways, and that they don’t get too close to Russia.
police state “practice a variety of endearingly anachronistic and possibly illegal activities: gardening, knitting sweaters, reading novels and — most unexpectedly — playing baseball,” our reviewer, Karen Thompson Walker, quipped, noting that this “might be the only dystopian novel whose climax involves a tense, high-stakes baseball game.” IMPERFECT UNION: How Jessie and John Frémont Mapped the West, Invented Celebrity, and Helped Cause the Civil War, by Steve Inskeep.
En estos tiempos opacos, muchos recurrieron a las guitarras como compañeras de cuarentena y bálsamo psicológico.
Una vacuna específica para el coronavirus sería una que entrenase al sistema inmunitario para centrarse específicamente en atacar ese virus.
When you’ve tried a few, choose your favorite to read aloud to others.
With the rankings frozen, results from April-June 2019 have yet to be subtracted, and remain part of each player’s ranking.
The odious ornamentation seems to repel the wasps — or at least seriously wig them out — and offers the intriguing possibility that honeybees might use stool as a type of rudimentary tool.
“Do you suppose there’s such a thing as a glass of ice water in this place?
Mr. Murphy nonetheless continued his ascent, becoming a senior agent at F.B.I.
Over the last week, the Biden campaign spent $40.3 million on television and radio, while the Trump campaign spent about $23.3 million, slightly more than the previous week, according to the ad-tracking firm Advertising Analytics.
En Bolivia, en cuanto el presidente Evo Morales renunció el 10 de noviembre, el número de tuits asociados con ese tipo de cuentas se disparó a más de mil por día, mientras que antes ni siquiera llegaban a cinco.
She had “never, ever, ever, ever been involved in politics,” she said in an interview, but she soon learned that her ordeal was not unusual.
First, to succeed in eliminating poverty and securing decent conditions of life for all Americans would require raising taxes on the rich significantly.
And you notice how when they win elections, the Russians didn’t do anything?
Mr. Trump has criticized Europe for selling more to the United States than it buys and has accused its central bank of pushing down the value of the euro to make it easier for European companies to compete against American rivals.
And I see, ah, compared to yesterday, now X people have died, and X people are infected.
Other gyms in the neighborhood also had some last-minute customers.
And yet, I still find Ball’s effort admirable.
Democrats are already planning to continue their investigations, starting with a possible subpoena of John Bolton, whom the Senate did not call to testify.
Mariah Carey’s 6x platinum album is called “The Emancipation of MIMI.” 13A/14A.
At 26, I was relatively old for my unit, and one of my 19-year-old medics jokingly called me Pops.
The six-month anniversary of the outbreak coincides with reaching 10 million cases and 500,000 deaths.
As a teenager he was an Eagle Scout.
And he defended the piece.
But “Notes” seems to be reaching for something more youthful, innocent and even private — back to a time before Healy and his mates had to deal with any of the glitz and were just excited about making music.
Tampoco resulta efectivo preguntarles sobre sus síntomas o decirles que se queden en casa cuando se sientan enfermas.
La idea es someter a los sospechosos de la manera más rápida posible para meterlos en la patrulla, no deben permanecer en esa posición posiblemente mortal durante tantos minutos como sucedió con Floyd.
So they have all kinds of reasons to believe that Donald Trump in the second term would be a continuation of the Donald Trump in the first term, who wasn’t going to give them a hard time about their territorial or nuclear ambitions.
It’s also a direct threat to all of the recent progress we’ve made, and could potentially set us back.” As of Sunday evening, there had been at least 73,648 cases and 1,454 deaths in Nevada since the beginning of the pandemic, according to a New York Times database.
During the days he still goes out to canvass, where he earns $15 an hour.
“For decades and decades, our housing policy has put the finger on the scale of white families to help them build wealth and prevented Black families from doing the same.” Still, Ms. Weaver said she was surprised by the energy that she saw from housing activists in 2020.
If you really take to cycling, you’ll want something better pretty quickly, and like many cheap, borderline disposable products, their eventual cost of ownership, or replacement, can be high.
Long before he began feeding his obsession and even found himself sitting next to its hosts, Rui Hachimura didn’t understand all the fuss about the Japanese reality television show “Terrace House.” His high school teammates in Japan had tried hard to get him on board.
But it may just be a matter of time before the issue flares up again, and artists as well as lawyers are watching the moves by Mr. Young and the Stones for clues.
Like his heart wasn’t really in it.
It seemed like just another in a long list of scold-y admonishments from Big Parenting.
Mr. Byford will report to Mr. Khan, but since the system is facing financial headwinds, Mr. Khan will have to rely to some extent on Boris Johnson, the prime minister.
But that revenue stream dried up when it had to close on March 15 because of the national shutdown.
Mr. Brown was surprised that his children’s album had resurfaced this way, on a Chinese TV show, and that it caused such a stir.
In planning for the worst case scenario, they have created a database of 10,000 new health workers as a backup that they can tap into for new hires if current staff members are infected or need additional support.
Los entierros masivos y clandestinos reflejan que la situación está fuera de control.
Winners from this week will be announced on Aug. 25.
Running time: 2 hours 9 minutes.
BD and Quidel’s advertised accuracies are impressive, but “they’re also the ones who made the test,” and are more likely to use it correctly, said Dr. Valerie Fitzhugh, a pathologist at Rutgers University.
At that rate, JPMorgan — the program’s largest lender, distributing $29 billion to more than 280,000 businesses — would have collected fees of $881 million.
If the sticky-icky hooks of the 2017 album “Luv Is Rage 2” established Lil Uzi Vert as a melodically savvy hip-hop crooner, the long-gestating “Eternal Atake” is a sharp assertion of his skills as a rapper — combining the influences of his forebears Chief Keef and Future (both of whom he also collaborated with this year) into a unique style that could be mistaken for no one else.
If convicted, they could face up to a year in jail or a $2,000 fine, he said.
Usually, flu vaccine compliance rates among people ages 18 to 49 are low.
These are crises in which social distancing is a virtue.
La historia de cómo un héroe de Hollywood pasó de ser un célebre embajador de derechos humanos a prisionero habla de la difícil situación de Ruanda, el pequeño país africano donde hasta un millón de personas murieron en 1994 en una grotesca masacre que se convirtió en la vergüenza de un mundo que no intervino para detenerla.
Ms. Gréco had made her film debut even before her singing career began — as a nun in “Les Frères Bouquinquant,” a 1948 drama.
The governing coalition is an association of two main parties (the center-left Democratic Party and the maverick Five Star Movement) who disagree on so much that their only reason for staying in office together has been to avoid an election that would favor the right-wing League party, led by the authoritarian and xenophobic Matteo Salvini.
But even after a second consecutive playoff letdown, there is no reason to believe the Ravens’ ground-heavy offense can’t succeed in the playoffs.
“Too often one makes bad laws with good intentions!” Philippe Bas, a right-wing Republican lawmaker in France’s Senate, said on Twitter.
Anxiety and changes in routine may have scrambled your eating habits.
Given what we know right now, the answer is no, said Dr. Cynthia R. Ambler, M.D., a pediatrician at Northwestern Medicine in Chicago.
The two men have also differed on the timing of closing of city playgrounds and the cancellation of elective surgery.
At one point I was like, where am I?
The working and middle classes would receive more than they pay in.
Being her father’s daughter, she spots a murder confession there.
Thomas Bach, president of the International Olympic Committee, said last week that plans were continuing for the Games to go on as scheduled, and for now Dr. Finnoff has offered largely common sense advice: Wash your hands often.
He will be replaced on July 3 by his division’s No.
Now 29 of 55 jurisdictions fall into this category.
A Michigan colleague who had run out of urine testing kits for chlamydia and gonorrhea, she said, was returning to techniques that had been replaced almost 20 years ago: “using older swabs that have to be placed a few centimeters inside the urethra of the penis and twirled around to obtain a specimen.
He would use this training to escape them.
1 seed in the playoffs and a berth in the N.F.C.
Democrats led the way, accusing Republicans of a hypocritical power grab by rushing to fill a seat so close to an election, after refusing to do so in 2016, when Democrats put forward a nominee to the Supreme Court, Merrick B. Garland, nine months before the balloting.
There were also growing complaints of underage delinquent behavior and display of illegal weapons.
It took almost three weeks for the third presidential impeachment trial in the nation’s history to snake through the Senate, arriving at the final day of votes that brought a conclusion that from the beginning seemed foregone.
Mr. Arenas said that while new inquiries for space were down by half from February, some 40 percent of recent inquiries were from companies looking to adjust after the pandemic.
One may suppose that we are concerned, rightly, with the deceased person’s current inability to defend him- or herself.
And the last funny book?
So yes, there is a hierarchy of goals.
The Broncos (3-5) can’t claim the same, but they are at least making things exciting, with 21 points in the fourth quarter in each of the team’s last two games.
In southeastern England last year, 39 bodies were found in a refrigerated truck container abandoned in an industrial park.
“Our teams were on the ground immediately and have worked around the clock since the explosion.” The company added that despite having to work at an active crime scene, it had “nearly all services restored within 48 hours.” AT&T said it had deployed more than 26 temporary cell sites and 23 disaster trailers to the site.
But now that he’s in the groove, he’s excelling academically.
De lo contrario, pronto habrá más manzanas podridas que buenas.
He attended the University of Sydney, earning a bachelor’s of science in physics and mathematics in 1956 and a Ph.D. in physics in 1959, focusing on superconductivity.
My brother just told me all the masks in the pharmacy go to the hospital first.
The problems for Ms. Liu, 24, started about a year after her marriage in 2017 to her high school sweetheart, Dou Jiahao, 23, in Shangqiu, a city of more than seven million.
“One, they were shaped differently, indicating that they probably have a different diet,” he said.
The Thirty Meter Telescope, named for the diameter of its primary light-gathering mirror, is borne of a joint effort of the California Institute of Technology and the University of California.
“Folks have figured out that social media shaming and attention makes things happen,” said Meredith Clark, an assistant professor of media studies at the University of Virginia who recently published a study of call-out culture called “Drag Them.” “It evokes apology from things and places that wouldn’t normally enter into that sort of dialogue, and it allows people who otherwise would have no recourse to influence their own experiences.” More troublesome, Professor Ross and others agree, is when small infractions become big infractions; when context gets lost and facts are distorted, or it becomes difficult to discern between the two.
Am I spreading the virus right now?” said Dr. Michael Mina, an epidemiologist at Harvard University’s School of Public Health and a proponent of widespread rapid testing.
Is there anything you would change about the way science is seen and understood in the world today?
He stumbled over the teleprompter, which he never does well with.
Running time: 4 hours 32 minutes.
Several years ago, the small nonprofit began working with M.I.T.’s J-PAL North American Group to devise a way to test whether the coalition’s efforts were effective.
The bank’s compliance department had rejected him as a client because it was unclear how he had amassed his wealth.
In the Haynesville and the Utica Shales, two major natural gas plays, over half of the drilling is being done by private equity-backed companies; in the oil-rich Permian Basin, it’s about a quarter of the drilling.
Por desgracia, también han llamado la atención de los cárteles de la droga, que han estado extorsionando a los agricultores de aguacate y a menudo les cobran por cada kilo que exportan.
There are freshly plucked ornamental grasses by the sink, and four gleaming toilets with sanitary seat covers that rotate between uses with the wave of a hand.
Caste pushes back against an African-American woman who, without humor or apology, takes a seat at the head of the table speaking Russian.
It materialized in large part through Silver’s strong relationship with the Oklahoma City Thunder guard Chris Paul, the president of the players’ union, and their shared close ties to Robert A. Iger, the executive chairman of Disney, which Silver described on that same conference call as the N.B.A.’s “largest partner.” Yet just how safe and close to risk-free the return will actually be, when 22 of the league’s 30 teams convene next month at Walt Disney World near Orlando to live and play out the rest of the season, is likely to be determined only once this first-of-its-kind reboot is operational.
“I spent so much time rooting around with him in the garden,” she says of her childhood in the fenlands around Cambridge.
“I don’t think I could bring myself to snitch.
She said he instead worked on cybersecurity, economic espionage, export control and foreign investment review issues.
Nicholas Edwards, the 28-year-old actor playing the Son of God, made it midway through the “Godspell” ballad “Beautiful City,” when, rising to sing a lyric about rebuilding, he burst into tears.
That all happened while he changed his reputation from an offensive defenseman — he scored 59 points in his second season and didn’t surpass that total until his 10th — to a defensive anchor.
The resilience of the American market reflects, in part, the emergence of the United States as the world’s largest oil producer — and therefore, in part, a beneficiary of rising oil prices.
They warn that trans people serving their country in the military — something that President Bone Spurs did not — are an insurmountable problem.
Aghdam Stepanakert 10 miles By The New York Times Sveta Bayramova and her husband, Fikret Mamedov, built a wall at the end of their orchard to screen off their home from Armenian lookout posts.
I passed on his kind offer, saying I had to make it further up the coast.
But adult children don’t want to risk exposing an older, more vulnerable generation to the new coronavirus during a family visit.
A solver could get the metaphor and think of the last disagreement you had about what exotic destination you’re heading to the moment you can travel.
In his late 80s, he kept the car window most of the way up, afraid to mingle with the small group of mourners gathered by the open grave.
This is a first step toward making the rest of society aware of the importance of joining in the fight to create a world that is more diverse and inclusive.
“While Nikil has been talking about big progressive ideas, I’ve actually been delivering them,” he said.
Only a few of my goals ever really get accomplished, and I think I’ve figured out why those work when so many other goals don’t.
award, Flacco was traded to the Denver Broncos before last season.
To help the poor fingers out, the hands may be tempted to angle out, left hand pointing to the bass, right hand to the melody.
HAWN Growing up, we’d light candles for Hanukkah, but I think my mother stopped lighting them because I was on the phone once, and I backed up to the Hanukkah candles.
John Bolton continues his national-security version of a strip tease; he’s both a man of — and a metaphor for — an era in which nothing finishes, everything festers and all can be revisited and revised.
Or, if it’s a project you seek, this layered vegetable torte.
An army of sewers across the country has banded together to make desperately needed masks for hospital workers.
She had consistently portrayed the relationship as a forbidden love.
[ Return to the review of “MBS.” ]
If this was forwarded to you, sign up for the NYT Parenting newsletter here.
Mrs. Glenn is survived by two children, John David Glenn and Carolyn Ann Glenn, and two grandchildren.
“But that gripper only works on doughnuts,” the report said.
“You have this person who controls your every movement, and you are in their house 24-7,” she said, “so imagine the kind of power that gives them.” Alarm among such workers rose as Covid-19, the disease caused by the coronavirus, spread across the Middle East and shook the economies many migrants depend on.
The warning did not specifically mention the Shabab, but intelligence officials said the threat bore the hallmarks of such an operation.
La visión positiva para el país fue posible en tanto se soslayó la realidad de la pandemia que hasta ahora ha cobrado 180.000 vidas estadounidenses.
“I always put that goal in my head, you know?” he said after a recent training session.
“Oh no!” her friend said.
Yeah, I think it all feels a part of the same thing.
Expect a lot of lobbying.
They have been allowed to do so because of a European Union exemption in FIFA’s statutes on the cross-border transfers of minors.
South Korea and Taiwan, two other buyers in Australia’s top five, have also announced sharper targets for emission reduction, which would most likely mean less coal.
En todo el mundo, los profesionales sanitarios arriesgan su vida —y la de sus familias— para combatir la pandemia del coronavirus.
Daniel Swain, climatólogo del Instituto de Medioambiente y Sostenibilidad de la Universidad de California en Los Ángeles, comentó que muchos de los incendios actuales, incluso con una medida de contención, “van a durar semanas, si no es que meses, y van a generar humo durante ese mismo periodo”.
[What does it mean to ‘shelter in place?’] The new rules were the most drastic ones so far in the country for the population size covered, and follow similar crackdowns in Europe, most notably in Italy, where the death toll from the relentless virus on Thursday surpassed that of China.
At Untermyer, those insights become essential fodder for action plans in the fall and the following spring.
But that has happened only twice — for Jimmy Carter in 1976 and Barack Obama in 2008.
I go over business updates with Ren, then get to work building out a website for the Tyrone “Baldy” Davis Foundation.
It’s an all-hands-on-deck effort, they say.
It involved 1,029 adults, with a margin of error of plus or minus three percentage points.
universities have been monitoring the coronavirus situation as it unfolds and universities with students in affected areas are working to identify appropriate actions.
Here is the whole thing, conducted by Esa-Pekka Salonen and featuring a new script by Gerard McBurney, animation by Hillary Leben and narration by Stephen Fry.
“They didn’t even have to press a button.” For the grooms, the intimate ceremony felt like a triumph on a couple of levels.
What family would you profile and why?
Here are some I’ll be keeping an eye on: Indiana’s Fifth Congressional District: This Indianapolis-area district is historically Republican, but like many suburban areas is trending blue.
But Microsoft’s bid went further: It would have owned the source code and algorithms from the first day of the acquisition, and over the course of a year moved their development entirely to the United States, with engineers vetted for “insider threats.” So far, at least, Oracle has not declared how it would handle that issue.
In the 2018 midterm elections, a local Democrat who emphasized her family’s blue-collar, union roots, Abby Finkenauer, beat the incumbent Republican congressman in Iowa’s First Congressional District.
“We are nonconformist, we are politically incorrect.
That fate must change, for the sake of democracy in Cuba and the United States.
The Commerce Department’s preliminary report showed a seasonally adjusted drop of 8.7 percent from February’s total sales, which include purchases in stores and online, auto and gasoline sales and money spent at bars and restaurants.
Sessions reflects the upside-down dynamics within the Republican Party as Mr. Trump has struggled politically amid the coronavirus pandemic and the protests for racial justice following the killing of George Floyd in Minneapolis.
Across Europe, more than 80 percent of Roma are at risk of poverty, nearly half do not finish school, roughly a third lack running water and a third are unemployed, according to research published by the European Union in 2016.
Daniel Coronell (@dcoronell) is a Colombian investigative journalist and the president for news for Univision in the United States.
But some people prefer to lie flat on their back, while others choose to sit on a chair.
“We need to be prepared,” he added.
In a year defined by surprise, the predictability of “The Secret Garden” — a new film adaptation of Frances Hodgson Burnett’s beloved 1911 novel — proves more charming than tedious.
“The point of view and the lack of information that you get by telling a story out of chronological order allows you to empathize with the main character, Leonard,” Dorn said.
William J. Bratton, who served twice as New York Police Department commissioner, said Mr. Biden had long enjoyed “very strong support among the police,” spanning internal divisions in the law-enforcement community.
Taxes: $34,742 (estimated) Contact: Riskin Partners Estate Group, Village Properties Realtors, 805-565-8600; montecito-realestate.com While downtown Los Gatos is close to Silicon Valley’s major tech campuses — Facebook is a 30-minute drive, and Apple’s headquarters is 15 minutes away — it is also known for its Victorian-era houses and commercial buildings.
“So I feel that, even if something were to lessen, let’s say the shrimp, I don’t think that would change.” Two weeks after the rice pageant, a few of the queens were in Basile, La.
With the holiday season arriving, Mr. Johnson has a difficult balance to strike in trying to tweak the exit from the lockdown in a way that is neither so stringent that many fail to comply, nor so lax that it allows the virus to get out of control.
I’m sorry that you were offended.
The pharmaceutical giant Bayer will pay one of the largest settlements in the history of American civil litigation — $10 billion — to plaintiffs who claim that one of its products, the weedkiller Roundup, causes cancer.
“Italy has at the moment, of course, one of the largest pools of infected people that have recovered from the infection,” said Andrea Crisanti, the top scientific consultant on the virus in Veneto and a professor of microbiology at the University of Padua.
And it has blooded a troupe of promising young players that will form a core of its squad for years to come.
She and her colleagues were looking for answers to one key question: If the coronavirus hit California, what would that do to repairs and operations?
That problem is echoed across the comment letters by companies that were expanding their footprint pre-pandemic.
I struggle to pay bills online in my house; it’s really frustrating.” Also out of the tournament is the top-10 player Daryl Gurney of Northern Ireland, who says he just doesn’t have the space.
Africa was largely spared in 2002 and 2003 when the SARS virus, which also originated in China, spread around the world, killing nearly 800 people and infecting more than 8,000, mostly in China and Hong Kong.
“They were just normal people who managed to hold on.
“We can stop the interview now — it’s about that idea right there: At peace and confident, feeling like we’re going to be OK. That’s the goal.” “I could just cry right now,” she added, and I could hear her getting teary.
He noted that while the inflation rate in the U.S. has been about 400 percent since 1975, minor league wages have increased only 75 percent since then.
Finally, for Iowa’s non-competitor, the other mayor in the race, the whole night went beautifully: A wounded Biden and a Buttigieg deprived of the full benefits of victory is pretty much all that Bloomberg could have hoped for in his apparent plan to be the last non-Sanders option standing when Super Tuesday rolls around in March.
— Carla Luna, Glenbard West HS Glen Ellyn, IL Although I rarely eat their lunch, many of my friends eat it everyday.
Yes, for certain.” She called Trump “a high-vibration person sent to guide us through this time.” It’s Trump, of course, who has done everything he can to stir doubt and violence around the election.
“Yet that is the beauty of our nation’s great outdoors.
Five days before the primary, Kruse shared an image of what appeared to be a Revolutionary War soldier on Facebook.
The school has recorded more than 1,174 cases since Aug. 17 — about half of those in the past week — even though classes started remotely and residence halls have been closed.
The most common fibroid symptom is heavy menstrual bleeding.
But the resolution is effectively toothless, and sanctions require unanimity, with Poland and Hungary each promising to veto sanctions aimed at the other.
These are hardly fanciful scenarios; the financial markets are signaling that they are quite plausible.
The beleaguered president, Sooronbai Jeenbekov, announced the measures in a decree issued from an undisclosed location and posted on his official website.
Williams recorded 15 tackles and two and a half sacks in his rookie season.
Now, as the region begins to reopen to international travelers, it faces not just the challenge of the pandemic, but the financial blow dealt by the absence of cruising and the onset of hurricane season.
Dejaron de aplicarse protocolos de inversión.
These are places that arrived around the time Williamsburg started becoming too expensive even for hipsters who first invaded the area, when the waterfront started to resemble Dubai.
And then Group A again, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, and then Group A.
The economy, I think, is going to be an extremely bad shape and partly because Republicans in many states have damaged the unemployment insurance system even though they are now trying to send money out to people who need it.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
Or is it depth of focus, and quality of communication?
It bought some time by distributing bread to the most needy.
Moffat replied: “I’m like Colonel Sanders — every time you see me I’m a different guy.
Doug Forbes and Elena Matyas, whose 6-year-old daughter drowned last summer at a Southern California day camp, urge parents to do extensive due diligence, including reviewing the camp’s emergency action plan and asking about trainings and certifications.
A correspondence between the two ensued, and she started to get the feeling that his motivation wasn’t solely their common interests.
And as you begin to enumerate those questions, as you begin to express your concerns, you are essentially creating a sketchbook for the kind of answers that any manufacturer or the government needs to have in hand to make the public feel confident that they are getting a safe and effective vaccine.
U.S. internet companies face hard calls as they decide how and whether to comply with the divergent laws and norms of each country they operate in without violating their own missions.
The state set a record on Thursday with 389 new infections.
In a village near the Danish-German border, we found a family reunited in celebration of a grandparent’s 88th birthday.
Kirstie Alley stars as a bored housewife whose one-time sexual tryst has deadly consequences, resulting in an ever-widening array of complications and implications; the ace supporting cast includes Bill Pullman, Sam Elliott, Jami Gertz, Ed O’Neill and Carrie Fisher.
But an immersive VR experience can hire and train only so many actors, and those actors can guide only so many people, a barrier to attracting and earning back investment.
Those efforts included one by Florida Republicans, who sidestepped a statewide referendum to extend the franchise to former felons by requiring them to pay court fees.
And Brazilian officials announced a deal with Oxford University and the pharmaceutical company AstraZeneca on Saturday that will see the nation producing a coronavirus vaccine that is one of about a dozen in the early stages of human testing.
Hay diez ingredientes en las vacunas de Pfizer para el coronavirus.
When the Bears won the Super Bowl championship in 1986, he was voted N.F.L.
In February, however, RedBird unveiled an investment in Skydance Media, a fast-growing film, television and gaming studio founded by David Ellison, whose father is the Oracle billionaire Larry Ellison.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
Supporters said obtaining a driver’s license made it easier for people to perform routine tasks like dropping off children at school, shopping for groceries and visiting doctors.
Bigger companies aren’t immune either: Airbnb has suspended hiring and frozen $800 million worth of marketing.
(HMH Books for Young Readers, $17.99.)
Taking charge of a high-profile team at this moment gives the move even greater weight and far more public prominence.
“Maybe if I could be like Roxy Music or David Bowie, then yeah.
More than three centuries of tradition rest on Mao Takeshita’s narrow shoulders.
Mr. Trump’s smaller than expected bump given the coronavirus has made him something of an outlier.
The Trump administration’s slow and haphazard response has been widely criticized.
“I absolutely did everything from home that I did at the office, just did it on Zoom,” Saban said.
Esto es un problema grave pues dejaría abandonadas a las entre 9 y 10 millones de personas que, se estima, caerán en pobreza como resultado de la pandemia.
Black identity in America, internally and moment by moment, is a perpetually turbulent state of being, death-haunted, and full of fear and rage; anyone who doubts this has only to glance through Richard Wright’s memoir, “Black Boy,” and his debut novel, “Native Son.” How have your reading tastes changed over the years?
Has jumped to more than 700.
Mr. Milken’s early clients were corporate raiders who, like Mr. Trump, were disdained by establishment firms like Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley.
Now, the global failures in confronting the pandemic from Europe to the United States have given the Chinese leadership a platform to prove its model works — and potentially gain some lasting geopolitical currency.
A few days after that deal went through, Chelsea, in one of those quirks that soccer throws up so frequently that you wonder if the whole thing is scripted, visited Leicester.
Because I can’t, I can’t slip up.
Scientists have known for some time, of course, that active people tend also to be long-lived people.
The cardinal’s reform efforts were cut short when he was forced to return to Australia in 2017 to face charges of sexual abuse of a minor.
Ralph NaderWashingtonThe writer is the consumer advocate and former presidential candidate.
“I am 90 percent certain that this is fake news,” she wrote in an email.
But the reaction serves as testament, too, to how susceptible we are — in the news media, among fans, in the broader soccer culture — to hyperbole; to how quickly we upgrade our expectations; to how readily we lift the bar for success, ensuring that failure comes more easily; how we judge teams and players by standards that are ill-defined and essentially unfair.
Your donation will get you two packs of puzzles (one for each solver) and a third file with hints and solutions.
“Being able to have these kinds of conversations with everyone in the same place — getting all these different perspectives — is so unique and cool,” Atlanta Dream center Elizabeth Williams said.
Also, 365 new patients were hospitalized on Wednesday — the most in two weeks.
The results spotlight not only their dismal survival rates — already reported in the medical literature, though probably not widely understood by the public — but how often health care professionals support resuscitation anyway.
We listen to a different Phish album every couple of weeks, and every Tuesday, we each tune into the weekly “Dinner and a Movie” on YouTube — a live Phish concert, spanning their many years — and text each other with comments and thoughts throughout the show.
In a column this month in The Guardian that she wrote with other environmental activists, they demanded an end to investments in fossil fuels.
What do you think?” Avery Jacobs, 3, often sings along to the “Bim Bam” song in her family’s Manhattan apartment or in the patio of her grandparents’ home on Long Island.
What do you think the Cleveland team should do next?
He followed her suggestion and attended a workshop in New York City on television technique.
“What we thought we knew, we don’t know,” said an intensive care physician at Lincoln Medical Center in the Bronx.
In non-pandemic times, clean-air shelters offer relief for people with drafty homes and those with no shelter at all.
“None of this technology was designed to support the entire world working from home,” Mr. Robbins said.
But young doctors said the country already had enough physicians and that the proposed reforms would result in more doctors in big cities like Seoul, where many of them specialize in popular and lucrative specialties like plastic surgery, dermatology and dentistry.
Focusing on trees as the big solution to climate change is a dangerous diversion.
For most people, that’s a dealbreaker: You can get a zippy smartphone with a great camera, like Google’s Pixel 3A, for about $400.
I think it’s a mistake for journalists, even opinion journalists, to endorse, and I’d be fine with many of the candidates.
The news about Dr. Holloway’s impending appointment was first reported by NJ.com.
How to put all these strands into one book without delicately pickling each in its own predictable social novel?
Residents may be doing some risk assessments of their own.
In fact, her research results challenged her original hypothesis.
“People tend to trust community groups and people that they see almost every day more than the city, or other political bodies,” he said.
Now, that tolerance has frayed.
On the same day, Kwon Jun-wook, a deputy director of the government’s Central Disease Control Headquarters, warned of “early signs of a large-scale resurgence of the virus.” Over the weekend the government tightened social-distancing rules in Seoul and Gyeonggi Province, which have a combined population of roughly 20 million people.
We see implications of climate change for the job that you’ve given us, and that’s what we’re working on.” Still, the latest move could incite a backlash.
The center also announced a five-part documentary series, “Encores!
parked on a residential side street a few blocks from La Guardia Airport, with the windows rolled up and another blunt the size of a baby’s arm in his hand, he wondered how long he could keep up with late nights and the hard partying, the driving too fast, the living like he wants to die.
So while Achut is at home, sick with the coronavirus, the situation at Smithfield is evolving.
The same Phil Johnson who was his longtime assistant and quit the Jazz the same day he did?
When Iesha Sekou began passing out surgical masks and disposable gloves in Harlem early in the pandemic, some people laughed and said she was taking things too far.
He later explained that the changing backdrops reflected the tone for each video dance; aptly, the spider came before “Anger Dance,” set to the music of Henry Cowell and featuring dancers stewing and gradually succumbing to states of agitation — sticking out their tongues, opening their mouths and, finally, one, Laurel Lynch, taking a bite out of a wooden spoon.
Commercial productions — now with Moss as co-director alongside Armitage — began in 2018 with a tour of Britain.
Already, the losses are piling up.
The travel restrictions were an attempt at mitigating the risk of new infections coming from outside the state.
about whether to bring suit at all, will face a judiciary system drastically transformed after a Trump administration that put a high priority on confirming judges, taking advantage of the Republican Senate.
They originally planned to get married May 24, but as the coronavirus set in, it became clear in March they would have to wait.
You know we’ve seen things where contracts for maintenance on equipment were not up to speed.
A small horse stable, two corrals and separate tack room are also on the grounds, which have direct access to the bridle and walking path along the canal.
The deadliest month in American history was an October during a pandemic.
This office will convene key leaders, academics, experts, local officials, renters, tenants and homeowners to create and implement these necessary solutions.
I know if I need to cry that’s OK, or if I don’t want to talk in the car that’s OK, too.
Like Jackson’s characters, Moshfegh’s protagonists, almost always women, are alienated, aloof and refuse to conform to social norms — and are thus perceived as more than a little threatening by those around them.
They also signaled where the fractures may lie in future crises.
“Naturally, there are fish there and a good natural environment.
“It’s all he can eat.” Here’s what to do if you are low on supplies or want to help.
“Lincoln has the opportunity to be a social leader in this country,” the man, Ander Christensen, 27, said.
The survey, which began in 1989, is released every three years and is the gold standard in data about the financial circumstances of households.
En esos días, dijo, “éramos un grupo de discusión.
Some students, including those in homeless shelters, have not received iPads or laptops from the city, and teachers have said that some students struggle to log on.
But turning this so-called hybrid system into a reality has proved to be a logistical morass.
The Times is providing free access to much of our coronavirus coverage, and our Coronavirus Briefing newsletter — like all of our newsletters — is free.
The pastor of an evangelical church in Idaho has been hospitalized with Covid-19 for about two weeks after defying a county mask mandate and holding in-person worship services.
Scientists arguably can never fully know the truth about a given topic, but they can get close.
If the compost seems gooey, I add extra leaves; if it seems dry, I don’t.
She leads us on a journey across time and space, outlining thoughts and beliefs from Mesopotamia to her tiny Minnesota hometown.
It only remained to be seen what Mr. Gantz had gotten from Mr. Netanyahu in exchange for his stunning turnabout — and whether Mr. Netanyahu would ultimately live up to his end of any bargain.
Por lo general, se tratan con lo que se llama “atención de apoyo” para aliviar sus síntomas: les pueden dar antipiréticos para bajar su temperatura, líquidos intravenosos para mantenerlos hidratados, medicamentos para aumentar la presión arterial si esta cae, y esteroides u otros medicamentos para mitigar la inflamación.
If enough scouts find themselves at the same site, they’ll reach the minimum number needed to relocate the colony.
Mantente atento a la página web de tu administrador de préstamos para actualizaciones sobre cómo podrías manejar cualquier incertidumbre en enero.
Mickey Mantle used to complain about the old center field getting mysteriously wet.
In many ways, the campaign will be fighting public distrust that Trump himself has helped sow — by faulting government scientists, promoting ineffective remedies and dismissing the seriousness of the pandemic.
equality, the Supreme Court ruled in a 6-to-3 decision that “An employer who fires an individual merely for being gay or transgender defies the law.” The decision concerned the cases of a skydiving instructor who was fired in 2010 after telling a client he was gay, a child aid worker who was fired in 2013 after joining a gay recreational softball league and a funeral home director who was fired, also in 2013, after coming out as transgender.
This year, for the first time since Mr. Kim came to power in 2012, Pyongyang did not hold a large-scale national meeting attended by officials, foreign visitors and citizens marking Kim Il-sung’s birthday.
With an aunt who is 95 years old who is basically homeless, and not much time to look.
If you missed the chance to watch this amazin’ solve, here’s the replay: This tribute to “T” took tremendous toil.
Mr. Pompeo also said the State Department had helped transport about 18 tons of donated medical supplies, including masks, gowns and gauze, to China in the past week.
Neither option is what you would call authentic, but both have their attractions.
But I’m always optimistic, I always have hope, I always have — the things I’ve seen in my lifetime, including having the right to legally marry Julie, are things that I didn’t think I’d see.”
To her credit, these encounters don’t feel contrived, and certainly never for plot reasons.
Yesenia, Marichuy’s mother, has other plans.
South Korea’s LG Chemical took over the factory from a local Indian company in the late 1990s.
Right now, according to the political analysis website FiveThirtyEight’s presidential forecast, Pennsylvania is by far the likeliest state to provide either President Trump or Joe Biden with enough votes to carry the Electoral College.
Because of the number of matches cycling through courts, the times for individual matchups are at best a guess and are certain to fluctuate based on the times at which earlier play is completed.
You have to find a balance between scaring your kids and making sure that they are respectful of the situation.
We really have to shake up our narratives in order to see a black woman’s reality.” At the Tuesday afternoon rehearsal I attended, I caught a glimpse of what Magar meant.
That evening, Mr. de Blasio was on the ground as the protests kicked off and the looting began.
People do drugs, don’t get help, and are therefore in and out of jail (repeat offenders).
He urged people to wear masks, wash their hands and do whatever they can to help defeat a disease that has killed more than 300,000 Americans.
He added that they’ll likely advise their audience to follow the guidance from the Centers for Disease Control and the World Health Organization.
These bags function like the liners that chefs use for their slow cookers.
— Joanna Pepin, a sociologist at the University of Texas at Austin Men, while they’re more likely than ever to embrace the idea of gender equality, are still slackers when it comes to household work, according to a new Gallup poll.
At his morning briefing, Mr. de Blasio said: City workers who have been patrolling public spaces will distribute up to 275,000 face coverings starting this week.
At least the dealership would be able to send its customers notifications about the fire, the damage and what comes next.
If you do not have time, however, there are alternatives.
And so begins the odyssey upon which Hamblin embarked.
Over a seven-person Skype call — which ten Veen joined from her bedroom in her mom’s house in Varsseveld, a small town in the east of the Netherlands — the fans staged the 2020 Eurovision competition that should have been.
But add coronavirus, and it’s become dangerous.
About 40 percent of the country’s known Covid-19 deaths have come from nursing homes, according to a New York Times analysis.
You can reach the team at briefing@nytimes.com.
Long-term care centers with confirmed coronavirus cases and hospitals with the largest numbers of confirmed cases are at the top of the list, while sites lower on the list include homeless shelters or medical facilities that do not have confirmed cases.
“You can’t think of it as airtight,” said Dr. William Schaffner, a Vanderbilt University professor who is an expert in preventive medicine and infectious diseases, “because it won’t be.” If the staging of games still poses so many risks, why would anyone do it?
When I met Jack, we just clicked as people.
Aides rushed to put together a news conference, complete with the club members cheering him on.
“We did this back in 2017, and regretfully I brought it back with my comments this week.” More than any other major sports league, the N.F.L.
“When I was nominated to the Supreme Court I was really scared,” Justice Sotomayor told me in Spanish.
Should he really be allowed to operate as an independent agent?
But words with direct links to slavery and oppression may be harder to detect, and addressing them may best be left to experts, said Nicole R. Holliday, an assistant professor of linguistics at the University of Pennsylvania.
cycle as one egg retrieval and all the embryo transfers that result from that retrieval.
Mr. Trump makes the promise so consistently that it has become a late theme of his re-election campaign.
We’re covering progress in the largest vaccine trials in the U.S., a creative jobs plan in China and sniffer dogs detecting the coronavirus in Finland.
Ordinary people with extraordinary vision can redeem the soul of America by getting in what I call good trouble, necessary trouble.
The living area adjacent to the kitchen stretches across the full depth of the unit, dwarfing a grand piano.
The Kenyan Embassy in Washington did not immediately respond on Tuesday to requests for comment.
Many have ignored official urging not to visit hospitals unless they are seriously ill, crowding emergency rooms for testing.
Some Dems also fear that the 77-year-old nominee, who left the Senate over a decade ago, is out of touch with the hyperpartisan reality of today’s Congress.
A Michigan pastor is under fire for telling his congregation to catch the coronavirus and “get it over with.” He made the remarks during a sermon on Nov. 15, as a sort of aside while he preached about other issues.
Día tras día, analizaba documentos de Ashby, se acercaba al escritorio para pedir fotocopias o ayudar a descifrar los garabatos de un manuscrito, pero también para charlar sobre películas, el choque cultural y las excentricidades de su casera loca.
Cline nails Kayla’s withering deadpan: “Mary, with her loose linen shirts, her silver oxfords, was the kind of older woman that younger girls were always saying they wanted to be like.
Although many genetic vaccines are being developed for other diseases, these would be the first ever approved for human use.
He’s been transferred to a federal penitentiary in Fort Worth.
Thank you for being so generous, and I give you my word, I’ll try my best not to let you all down.
The World Health Organization admonished governments that were sending mixed messages about the pandemic to citizens, saying many nations were sliding backward.
School-age children in India are now performing all kinds of work, from rolling cigarettes and stacking bricks to serving tea outside brothels, according to more than 50 interviews conducted with the children, their parents, teachers, labor contractors and child activists.
Vincenzo Murolo, 40, the owner and chief executive of Capri On Board, a yacht management company, said that this year, his business has decreased by 87 percent.
Criticism of the monarchy is extremely rare in Thailand, and comments deemed to be insulting to the king or his family are punishable by as much as 15 years in prison under the country’s harsh lèse-majesté law.
Connecticut has a backlog that could take five weeks to process because its computer system is also at least 40 years old, said Nancy Steffens, a spokeswoman for the state’s Labor Department.
They built giant campuses that reflected that belief — from the ornate offices of Apple, Google and Facebook in Silicon Valley to the new Amazon headquarters in Seattle — and used free shuttle buses, free cafeterias and personal services like dry cleaning to give employees little reason to go home, let alone avoid the office.
Yet there are still hopes that carbon capture could help the world avoid the worst consequences of climate change.
WASHINGTON — As the coronavirus raced across the globe earlier this year, the Trump administration offered assistance to a pair of longtime American enemies, Iran and North Korea.
Not in the weight room.
Even in areas where the number of new cases is beginning to flatten, they remain high: New York, which on Monday reported its fewest positive tests in a month and its lowest one-day death toll in more than two weeks, still had 4,726 new cases and 478 new deaths.
More generally, without some assistance, many people don’t understand the health insurance choices and features.
Independent labor unions are banned and activism is discouraged.
Jost arrives at a similar point from a different direction when he recalls the epiphany that led to his career as a stand-up comic, which in turn led to “S.N.L.” Although he had long loved comedy, he writes, it did not occur to him that he could be a comedian himself until he saw young performers like John Mulaney and Zach Galifianakis doing “weird material” at an East Village club in the early 2000s.
“There are multiple avenues to restore rights, pay off debts and seek financial forgiveness from one’s victims.
And they said they were under no legal obligation to stop using “royal” outside Britain, though they said they would refrain voluntarily from doing so.
I think the transition period is going to indicate whether the administration is taking a more open and collaborative approach, or whether they’re taking a kind of icing-out approach.
In states like Alabama, Florida and Georgia, transmission was more sequential.
At the same time, increased traffic and subscriptions have not made up for advertising shortfalls.
I think a lot of people are experiencing that right now, not being able to process everything that’s happening.
Amid all the gloom, scientists in China provided a glimmer of hope this week.
More than once, a father of the bride has taken the microphone captive for an off-brand speech.
He was equally enthralled by comic books, which he parlayed into a career after he graduated from Harvard with a degree in political science.
New York’s economy needs them, too, of course, but if the city does not serve residents, including artists, at prices they can afford, it will trade one crisis for another.
After having accepted sponsorships from state lotteries and Native American casinos for years, the league in 2000 began promoting fantasy football games, which aren’t strictly gambling, but often involve informal wagers.
Mr. Craniotes said he recently had observed RedBar members coming to events wearing both a smartwatch and a mechanical timepiece, and, like himself, they are increasingly at ease owning both (“Watch collectors tend to be technology minded,” he said).
When he asked why, he said he was told the hospital had run out of ventilators — until a patient’s death freed one up.
Over the next 12 years, McClatchy cut its work force from more than 15,000 full-time employees to around 3,300, according to public filings.
Two dozen democracy advocates in Hong Kong were charged on Thursday for taking part in the annual June 4 vigil for the victims of the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests, which was banned for the first time this year, officially because of the coronavirus.
He recalled catching a lookout.
“The extreme fringes called us racists,” he said.
I slowly read the first line of jumpy letters that won’t stay still.
It is the latest attempt by Manfred to jolt the union into action, after weeks of claiming he would simply implement a schedule whether they liked it or not.
Paid sick days can be used for an employee’s own illness or a family member’s, including preventive care.
“I see a couple of people who wrote horrible emails,” he said.
“O si todavía tenemos trabajo”.
“She was a leader,” Ms. Sánchez said.
Soon after arriving in the field, Wu asserted that this plague wasn’t being spread by rats, as had been assumed, but was airborne.
If there was a manhood test, they had passed it in dangerous places.
California Today goes live at 6:30 a.m. Pacific time weekdays.
Hit me up anytime on Twitter (@TheSteinLine) or Facebook (@MarcSteinNBA) or Instagram (@marcsteinnba).
Queremos evitar cualquier estrés adicional por rechinamiento que podría causar que estas grietas microscópicas se conviertan en grietas más grandes y, en última instancia, en un fallo catastrófico que requiera un tratamiento de conducto, una corona u otro tratamiento dental importante.
Thank you, Mr. President, Mr. Vice President.
Close to 370,000 infections and nearly 11,000 deaths in the United States.
In 2016, Mr. Trump didn’t change the Republican Party; he met it where it was.
News reports have also suggested that it was struggling to raise money for a second Vision Fund.
“Well, THAT was eye-opening,” she wrote.
I got a phone call at 1:30 in the morning from the C.F.A.
Scientists will typically point out the shortcomings in their own research and offer ideas for new studies to see if their interpretations hold water.
For a good number of Christians, hell isn’t just a tragic shadow cast across one of an otherwise ravishing vista’s remoter corners; rather, it’s one of the landscape’s most conspicuous and delectable details.
— at the temple of the evangelical preacher Sister Alice.
The country’s in turmoil, and so is the Democratic Party, mostly over the Vietnam War and civil rights.
Killing as a communal business, made widely lucrative by the Third Reich, permeates this traveling exhibition about the largest German death camp, Auschwitz, whose yawning gatehouse, with its converging rail tracks, has become emblematic of the Holocaust.
These big, disruptive platforms are making money off creators of content disproportionately.” Facebook and Google declined to comment about the legislation.
“We have to have that conversation,” said Mayor Marty Walsh, who was pressed for his position in an interview on WGBH, a Boston public radio station.
In this episode, at least, he appears only partially committed to his own power: legally boogie-woogieing until his enemy gets tripped up.
There’s a shyness that I have about being around my work, where I need to get connected to it again.
They were artists, assigned to give form to ongoing hardship, whose achievements were made possible only through the assurance of government employment.
When the narrative opens, there are two dead women sprawled in the marsh behind the Sunset Motel.
¿Por qué se están construyendo todavía?
(He added that, obviously, the bird-nest stick bomb never explodes.)
The judge, Justin Walker of the U.S. District Court in Kentucky, has joined more than 200 federal judges — a majority of them appointed by Mr. Trump — in signing a letter that defends their right to be affiliated with the group, the Federalist Society.
He takes a swig of vodka before class, and suddenly, the listless teacher of previous scenes turns into an electric raconteur, regaling his students with tales of Winston Churchill’s alcoholism.
But Mr. Tillis appears to be in a particularly weak position, drawing only 37 percent of the vote and running markedly behind Mr. Trump.
And I was cornered between two cultures by an unspoken guiding principle: Don’t stand out, but don’t fit in.
Bowman responded to Mr. Engel’s comments on Tuesday, saying they were “painful to watch.” “It’s clear that we need new leadership,” said Mr.
Today the plan to carry out that new mission remains stalled in a bureaucratic morass as clashes between protesters and counterprotesters have escalated to precisely the violent acts that the plan was supposed to address.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
Some people do experience mild symptoms like a sore arm, itchy eyes or fatigue after getting the flu shot, but these usually go away on their own within a few days.
The exclusion, she told me, “stung,” and surprised people who had been following The Post’s work closely.
Robert C. O’Brien, the president’s national security adviser, defended Mr. Pence’s decision to maintain his campaign schedule, even as he acknowledged that the virus was “ripping through this country.” He cited the C.D.C.’s guidelines that allow essential personnel to continue working.
Not because Wisconsin isn’t a great institution but because the state writ large over all has challenges.
Cuando era adolescente, comenzó a visitar albergues y a coordinar donaciones.
President Trump is considering new immigration rules that would allow border officials to temporarily block an American citizen or legal permanent resident from returning to the United States from abroad if the authorities have reason to believe the person may be infected with the coronavirus.
Christian Siriano, the fashion designer, has reassigned his 10 seamstresses in New York.
Soon he was a major sports figure in the New York metropolitan area and beyond.
Marc Perrone, president of the United Food and Commercial Workers Union, which represents 1.3 million grocery and food processing workers, said that despite the high rate of infection among his members, he thought that older adults should go first.
On Saturday, the number of confirmed coronavirus cases at Rikers had jumped from eight to 38 — 21 detainees, 12 jail employees and five correctional health workers, according to the Board of Correction, a city watchdog agency.
There’s no evidence that this is happening — it’s just something Republicans want to believe.
You need a subscription to access them all, just as you need one to watch “The Mandalorian” and everything in the Marvel universe.
There’ll be no more of that now.
It was a possibility even veteran industry experts did not foresee.
By casting her, the film’s writer-director, Emerald Fennell, sought to steer clear of a stereotypical presentation of female revenge.
The Pac-12 recently struck a deal for daily testing, and the league’s commissioner, Larry Scott, said Wednesday that conference leaders were “eager for our student-athletes to have the opportunity to play this season, as soon as it can be done safely and in accordance with public health authority approvals.” Jonathan Martin, Mitch Smith and Billy Witz contributed reporting.
Saturday will be the important South Carolina primary.
Ms. Salzberg practices and prescribes reflecting on the question, “What’s still true?” “If you can find something intact, whole, unbroken, it will give you hope,” she said.
These are not photographs of an exhibition, but renderings in which scans of the artworks can be plopped.
At this point in the Trump presidency, who can believe that the president will resist the temptation to put his personal interests above those of the public?
Unfortunately, the more recent history of the N.R.A.
Ms. Prezioso, an actress who has appeared in Off Off Broadway shows, learned about running the business from Mr. Albanese after joining him there 2017.
When regulators voted last month on the proposal to give certain investment professionals access private markets, one commissioner — Allison Herren Lee, a Democrat who voted no — said she believed the accredited investor definition already included too many people.
(Be sure to save Episode 10, the finale, for last, though.)
We made the heartbreaking decision to end the pregnancy.
Now a cybersecurity company in Israel has identified Aria-body as a weapon wielded by a group of hackers, called Naikon, that has previously been traced to the Chinese military.
Ahí, les dieron cajas y más cajas con los formatos requeridos —32.000 en total— que cargaron en autos y camionetas.
Mr. Trump spoke for about an hour and forty minutes, short of his record 123-minute speech he delivered in Michigan last December, after the House of Representatives voted to impeach him.
The United States licenses for the joint venture to ship engines to China date to 2014.
Wisconsin made eight free throws in the last 32 seconds — but missed one and left Oregon within a possession of a tied game.
“When white supremacists act as terrorists, more people per incident are killed,” Mr. Cuccinelli said.
His Peabody Award-winning TV show, “Patriot Act,” is streaming new episodes on Netflix.
Most the time I’d stay in my room.
Mr. Burnham, a 50-year-old native of Liverpool, is a Labour Party stalwart who twice ran unsuccessfully for party leader.
The two who remained were earning only half salaries — for now.
Baggs had already drawn considerable attention in the autism world for creating the website “Getting the Truth Out,” a response to an awareness campaign by the Autism Society of America called “Getting the Word Out,” which Mx.
Around midnight, after Nee and her son were finally in bed, and the 4-year-old was asleep, Nee called her mother, and they cried together on the phone.
His buying entailed bets on beaten-down companies, including Marriott International.
Officials in Kuma, a village on the banks of a fast-moving river in southwestern Japan, urged everyone to evacuate.
Con Edison said that more than 22,000 customers in New York City and the Westchester County suburbs had lost electricity.
“Some people do get pretty sick,” she said.
But the testing isn’t reliable nor is it clear whether people can become reinfected.
Sobre ser considerada para vicepresidenta: “Sería una excelente compañera de fórmula.
He was ambitious: a French horn player from a town of 2,000 in Costa Rica who had earned a scholarship that brought him to the United States.
She called on Pat Mathison, a gospel singer whose a cappella rendition of “Amazing Grace” at the scene lent a modicum of dignity to the moment.
Great Neck is home to one of the largest Persian Jewish communities in the United States.
Until the late 1960s, American life was improving across a range of measures.
In New York City, the Silvercrest Center for Nursing and Rehabilitation in Queens tried to evict more than 20 residents at one point in March, according to residents and elder care lawyers.
But other systems could also offer some level of protection for the sick.
But when the coronavirus pandemic hit, Ms. Munda’s life of independence shattered.
His maternal grandparents, Timmy and Tina Moy, are co-owners of the Great NY Noodletown restaurant in Chinatown.
The researchers then calculated that protecting pristine wetlands and rewetting about 60 percent of the degraded ones would reverse that, making land use a net sink again.
“So it felt like our families were always meant to be together,” Ms. Gould said.
I’m so worried — am I giving them everything they need and doing everything I can do?” As things seem to change almost daily, special education teachers are leaning on each other to find resources, understand software and boost morale.
Unfortunately, this has been the story of I don’t know how many pandemics.
Luiza Trajano, da rede Magazine Luiza, fechou todas as suas lojas sem demitir os funcionários, dobrou o auxílio-creche para as funcionárias que não podem trabalhar de casa, e doou 10 milhões de reais para combater a epidemia.
Norway limited groups outdoors to no more than five people, and those indoors must keep a distance of more than six feet (except relatives).
One leaves out fund managers using new strategies, like animal welfare funds.
We don’t know what’s coming up if people have to stay in their homes for a longer period of time.
That year, she said, “I think I asked him, ‘Where is this going?’” (His reply was a sarcastic “let’s not rush into anything.”) Her long-delayed interest in marriage found reinforcement in her mother, now 91, who started enlisting friends and family members to drop hints to Mr. Corrsin that he should propose.
Ryan enveloped her in a hug.
In June, Inovio received $71 million from the Department of Defense to manufacture its battery-operated Cellectras.
The first people to be infected are thought to have contracted it at a market in Wuhan that sold meat, fish and live animals.
“We talk a lot about the danger of silence,” said Candra Flanagan, the museum’s director of teaching and learning.
What do you notice about the colors, textures and positions of people or objects in the photograph?
And when it debuts, on May 1, it will do so in the wake of several other notable series focused on similar themes and issues.
In particular, young Republicans tend to be more liberal than older ones on issues of gender, sexual orientation, race and multiculturalism.
JOE COSCARELLI Bob Hope and Bing Crosby, who died in 1977!
(She has endorsed Bernie Sanders for president.)
Following are excerpts from a few of those stories, edited and condensed.
The Trump presidency has undermined that model, because there’s generally no way to defend the administration without being either bigoted or dishonest.
As a New Yorker from birth, I feel the same heartbreak I felt over the shuttering of other homelike, treasured local hangouts that were a tad less elegant — places like Big Nick’s Burger & Pizza Joint, P&G Bar, the Lincoln Square Barnes & Noble and even the old gem room at the Natural History Museum, where generations toddled on the carpeted stairs.
Halem’s response on behalf of M.L.B.
(Most simply have a little salt and some citric acid to prevent oxidation.)
In a separate video interview, Bushell offered a very simple reason for why she decided to call out Grohl: “He’s a drummer, ’cause he drummed in quite a few bands, so why not?” Bushell is 10 years old, and the clarity of her logic — her favorite word might be “epic” — was blessedly refreshing.
Email your thoughts to briefing@nytimes.com.
Fincher likes to fiddle with every last thing we see and hear in his films, seeking out new digital techniques with each project that allow him to fiddle on an increasingly granular scale.
M. Rusesabagina est l’opposant le plus en vue.
Parents will shoulder most of that responsibility, but “grandparents have lived a long time,” said Kia Ferrer, a certified grief counselor in Chicago and a doctoral fellow at the Erikson Institute in Chicago, a graduate school in child development.
The White House announced on Thursday the purchase of 150 million rapid coronavirus tests from Abbott Laboratories, which a day earlier was granted emergency approval from the Food and Drug Administration for a new $5 test that can be run in 15 minutes.
While Bruce Sherman is the Marlins’ principal owner, Jeter, 46, has recast the Marlins in his image, weathering two years as the worst team in the National League to become the most unlikely entrant into baseball’s 16-team playoff field.
And tragically, the Newport merger is only one in a long line of disasters.
“It just has to lie there, you don’t have to spend it, you feel comfortable just opening the wallet and seeing it.” To qualify for extra loans from banks or rent waivers from landlords, businesses have typically been required to avoid layoffs.
Como hicieron los poetas antes que ellos, los científicos están hallando paralelismos entre las dos especies.
But Texas didn’t want to do that.
When they got back to the city in July, they moved from Chelsea to a bigger apartment in Yorkville, a few blocks from Carl Schurz Park.
The governor of Baden-Wurttemberg announced that he would allow events with up to 100 people starting next week.
Military helicopters landed on Saturday night and evacuated most of the roughly 200 people who had been trapped at the reservoir, but Mr. Ziff and Mr. Meyers assumed the helicopters were for people who had been burned, so they stayed behind with roughly 15 other people.
A disproportionate share of the New Yorkers who left — an estimated 420,000 people, from March to the beginning of May — were affluent, mobile, and precisely the target demographic for thousands of overpriced, currently vacant apartments.
Initially, he didn’t even want the book to have chapters or even a title.
Some groups do masked singalongs or poetry readings.
Dempster prometió visitar a su familia en Ban Phai, y ella quedó impresionada cuando él cumplió su promesa.
I am asking you a specific question, and I am looking for a specific answer.
An Australian white supremacist charged with killing 51 worshipers at two mosques in New Zealand last year changed his plea to guilty in a surprise move.
Mr. Ries includes a panoply today (if you’re looking for a reference guide, I refer to this one when I determine what’s what).
After showcasing him at its booth at the Art Dealers Association of America fair last month, Galerie Lelong is presenting a selection of works that focus on Mr. Ghebreyesus’s unsettled traveling between worlds.
I wheel my bike out of the garage backward.
When President Trump introduced Judge Amy Coney Barrett as his third nominee to the Supreme Court, he praised her “unyielding loyalty to the Constitution.” The implicit premise was that her fidelity to the nation’s founding document as a judge could excuse his violations of the Constitution as president.
Researchers have no reason to believe they leave a lasting mark on the human body, apart from bolstering its defenses against infection.
At the same time, rents in pricey cities like New York, San Francisco and Boston have been dropping.
También dijo que podría apoyar la obligatoriedad de las vacunas, pero reconoció que tal medida sería difícil de aplicar.
The best part, he said, is that Dr. Smoliga wrote it with a straight face.
Applications for state jobless benefits rose for the second straight week last week, the Labor Department said Wednesday.
If your status is yellow, meaning you’re supposed to be in quarantine, or red, meaning you are infected, the app alerts others nearby.
I think his kofta was better because he was really good, better than most other people, and definitely better than me, at every step of the dish.
The true purpose of this trip was not to get groceries; instead, I would get what I needed at the supermarket and immediately go out to the parking lot.
Pero Lina Prieto había ganado un lugar en el programa de escritura de la universidad pública más prestigiosa de Colombia.
Mr. Juul’s plans for the future: moving all the assembly, now done in China and Germany, to Denmark, “which makes it easier for us to know what’s going on in the supply chain,” he said.
People’s Democratic Party candidate Atiku Abubakar said the United States instead should “consider adopting measures that individually target those in government who have failed in their duties, rather than target the entire Nigerian population.”
This time, Ms. Merkel, unusually for a German leader, and holding the E.U.’s rotating presidency, put her finger on the scale on behalf of hard-hit southern countries and did battle with the nations she once championed, the northern members that have been less affected by the virus and are wary of the vast sums being thrown around.
“When I die, I promise to haunt you forever.” Writers like Ms. Hindi are an exception in many workshops, where they are often forced to explain themselves to the normative center of an apolitical literature.
And if they don’t, why should they invest in the belief that we exist beyond the grave?
“In Omaha, we are a little more levelheaded than lots of places.” To others, especially Black residents, the biscuit name was another reminder that the city’s history includes the 1919 lynching of a Black man that drew thousands of spectators and a Ku Klux Klan attack on Malcolm X’s North Omaha family home.
In a book published this year, Mr. Whitaker wrote that the Southern District always “dreamed up new ways to torment President Trump throughout my tenure at the Department of Justice.” Mr. Berman arrived at the Justice Department headquarters and reported to Mr. Rosenstein’s office.
By investing in soccer, Bahrain is following its Gulf neighbors down a well-trodden path.
Mr. Biden’s former boss, who was criticized by progressives for not passing a larger stimulus bill when faced with a financial crisis, gave an interview to The Atlantic in which he didn’t sound optimistic about negotiations with the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell: I’m enjoying reading now about how Joe Biden and Mitch have been friends for a long time.
is playing this season inside a so-called bubble at IMG Academy in Bradenton, Fla. Its shortened 22-game regular-season schedule ended on Sunday, with Taurasi’s Mercury earning the fifth playoff seed and headed for a first-round single-elimination game against the Washington Mystics on Tuesday.
Yeo of the Everyday Tour Company.
Trying to get back to the puzzle page?
On the day they were married, Dr. Sahin and Dr. Türeci found time to return to their lab after the ceremony.
And as for his own state senator: “I’d be more than thrilled if Shirkey supports him.” Back in Detroit, Mr. Rich was resigned, seeing the attempts to cast doubt on his city’s votes as a reflection of the president’s audacity and the increasingly nasty environment of the country.
Si bien Steven Pinker y Malcolm Deas han demostrado que la reputación de Colombia como un lugar violento desde tiempos inmemoriales es un mito, el país ha tenido periodos de intensa Violencia —con V mayúscula— que han ido disminuyendo a raíz del acuerdo de paz de 2016 entre la guerrilla de las Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia (Farc) y el gobierno colombiano.
“It looks like somebody put a bomb off down there,” she said of Lake Charles.
The opposite, of course, can be true, too — a strong showing in South Carolina for Mr. Biden can garner him a wave of positive coverage, and help him argue that he is the alternative to Mr. Sanders.
U.S.-Iran: The U.S. Senate failed to overturn President Trump’s veto of a resolution seeking to block him from taking further military action against Iran without explicit approval from Congress.
The men returned with new technology, notably the automatic Jacquard loom, invented by Joseph-Marie Jacquard in 1801.
The discussion about the R.N.C.
President, we are fighting for our lives out there,” Mr. Lynch said, in the all-caps cadence familiar to any casual viewer of the New York nightly news.
The government announced Monday that it would triple the country’s value-added tax on goods and services from 5 to 15 percent, strip a roughly $266 monthly allowance for state workers and review other financial benefits paid to employees and contractors.
Sirve caliente o a temperatura ambiente.
Less affluent Americans will bear the brunt in health and wealth.
Once illness hit the United States, it’s surprising that Amazon — known for its military-like distribution efficiency — has been caught off guard, including by a lack of trust from some workers.
We did it with the Russians in the Soviet days and got some things done.” Mr. Trump’s earlier attacks on China originated in part with national security officials who aim to hold the Communist Party accountable for the outbreak, and in part from the president’s deep frustration that the pandemic was sinking the American economy, which he saw as key to his re-election.
If you’re considering a home on or hear a golf hole, make sure to ask those maintenance schedule questions so you don’t catch any surprise alarm clocks.
Temporary unemployment is hard to interpret.
And it’s hard to make sense of this.
Mr. Laschet has strongly opposed cooperating with the AfD — drawing a line that the most conservative wing of the party has called into question, at least under some circumstances.
“And we don’t see it stopping.” Prices for key industrial raw materials such as copper, iron ore, nickel, aluminum and liquid natural gas have plummeted since the virus emerged.
“His base has left him completely.” Democrats face their own divides over whether to use the moment of national crisis to push for far-reaching structural changes on issues like health care, economic inequality and climate change.
In an alternate near-future Maryland, people have inherited debt on a vast scale and must sell themselves into indentured servitude to the wealthy in order to avoid prison.
There are no right answers.
The Olongapo City Regional Trial Court granted an appeal from Lance Corporal Pemberton on Tuesday and directed the Bureau of Corrections to release him.
Aden is an especially charming hero, too, a brusque and self-reliant Scotsman who’s still self-aware enough to neither deny nor fight his romantic feelings.
The Dallas Fed and the Richmond Fed are considering similar initiatives.
As of Thursday, the Philippines has recorded more than 294,590 cases and over 5,000 deaths.
Their supporters aren’t knocking on doors as much as usual or handing out campaign fliers at crowded events, though Mr. Trump has held several rallies.
Daniel and Christine Galeon, finance professionals who are both 33, recently moved to Montvale from an apartment in Jersey City.
“The medical people said that was it,” Gentry said.
And I’ve been listening to Karina Longworth’s incredible reporting on the life and career of Polly Platt, which I highly recommend.
Si decidimos reunirnos, ¿qué se puede hacer?
The experience of watching so many battle hardships related to the coronavirus has given her perspective.
“It makes it kind of boring when your closest competitor is 20 minutes behind you,” Joyce said in an interview last month.
Cuando el presidente decía esto, pensaba en las protestas de 2015 de Ni Una Menos y en los miles de manifestantes que, como yo, salimos a las calles en 2018 para exigir nuestros derechos.
OAKLAND, Calif. — Uber is synonymous around the world with ride hailing.
Another prince of the same generation would see MBS at weekly dinners their uncle, Prince Sultan, hosted for his nephews.
In the District of Columbia, where the special enrollment period will extend through September, the marketplace is contacting businesses that are cutting jobs to offer affected employees help applying for Medicaid or premium subsidies.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
Mental health in the Black community isn’t taken very seriously.
I’m going to bake some more cookies.
Mr. Collis responded: “We don’t feel the need at all,” explaining that although the aggregate amount seemed hefty, it was divided among three distributors and spread over 18 years, and so would not have a big impact on his company.
Woods’s chance of contending ended on Friday when his surgically repaired back was so stiff it significantly inhibited his swing and caused Woods to shoot 76.
Dr. Sarosh Ashraf Janjua, a cardiologist at a coronavirus quarantine unit in Duluth, Minn., was pulled over by the state patrol on March 21 for speeding.
Critics have characterized the cases as political hostage-taking by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan as he tried to prevent several court cases against his own officials in the United States from proceeding.
“And it’s hard to identify one single factor that makes the difference.
Working people would find it nearly impossible to accumulate meaningful savings.
Christian Borle sitting at a piano!
If you are vaping, he said, “you’re going to gradually want a cigarette.” Bennett said that he believes teenagers would stop vaping if the flavors were not available.
They say the United States is fomenting this, and it’s an aggressive act against China.
For years the stuff I’ve worn has been Marinella 287, a freshly citric, almost barbershop eau de toilette produced by the underrated Neapolitan haberdashers of the same name.
The first, starting May 14, is Mike Sears and Lisa Berger’s video installation “Ancient,” in which nine actors will explore the repetition of daily tasks.
One high-profile accident was in 2003 when President George W. Bush fell off one while visiting his family complex in Kennebunkport, Maine.
The tables also were moved from the dirt infield to the outfield grass.
Millions of the orange-and-black monarch butterflies arrive in Mexico starting in October after flying as far as 3,000 miles from the eastern regions of the United States and Canada.
Can their businesses — and technical infrastructure — continue to operate if the office is closed?
“It’s just like a little squirt gun,” she told the group of children, before passing around the small plastic device for them to hold and squeeze.
“It does put smoke into the air.
He wrote that his trip to Walter Reed “was to complete my yearly physical,” contrary to how he explained it at the time, when he said it was “phase one of my yearly physical” that he would complete later.
Beard protested, going on to say, “I’m not homophobic,” and to assert that Truman Capote “was one of my best friends.” Speaking in the same interview about why he had decided to forsake Africa after four decades, Mr.
Wetmore never moved back to Texas but went back as often as she could afford to, taking long drives to get reacquainted with her hometown.
It was only, really, over those 72 hours — once teams were in quarantine and players were ill — that it realized it could not muddle on through.
America First had, however, raised a total of just $45 million as of July 1, with 40 percent of that coming from three people: Mr. Mellon; Linda McMahon, the former pro wrestling executive who runs America First; and Geoffrey Palmer, a polo-playing, Beverly Hills-based real estate magnate.
Right now, I’ve got time.
The company said it leased 730,000 square feet at the old post office in part because of its cavernous layout — a rarity among New York City buildings — which mimics the large open areas at its headquarters in Menlo Park, Calif.
What’s more likely is that some people have a drawn-out course of infection weeks to months after their initial exposure, as what may have happened to Megan Kent of Salem, Mass., above.
I was so excited about getting a new dress made for my doll that I forgot to tell her I saw a hand moving in the rubble.
The order feels backwards and needlessly mystifying, especially in an all-ages show meant to educate.
In other words, yes, I know that poll to be true, that the majority supports Roe v. Wade.
So it seemed better to have a humble approach.
But, he added, “nothing about this pandemic has been in an ideal world.” Dr. James Mault, chief executive of BioIntelliSense, the start-up behind the BioButton, said students with privacy concerns could ask to have their personal details stripped from the company’s records.
There will be no next-gen Salt Bae or CBD-infused poke bowl doughnut ramen tacos to be optimized for Instagram.
New York also uses color coding: blue for people who don’t qualify for such care, red for those who are the highest priority, yellow for those who should get ventilators if they are available and green for those who do not need lifesaving resources.
You told us to prepare for high death rates.
And beaches in Orange County have begun allowing “active” uses, like jogging.
Samantha London, 32, who has a 7-year-old, 5-year-old and 4-month-old and lives in Brooklyn, said that she’s had issues with both finding her preferred baby products and affording them.
For sports fans who were hungry for action for months, this feast may never come again.
“It was a challenge to grow,” Mr. Geller said.
La gente salió de sus casas.
If you have to fly, what’s the safest seat?
But as we work to improve Americans’ health care, there are those who want to take away your health care, take away your doctor, and abolish private insurance entirely.
He has taught himself Anglo-Saxon and knows the ancient epics by heart.
Both she and Ms. Klobuchar have issued a number of endorsements for vulnerable lawmakers in recent days.
The procedure is nowhere near ready for routine use.
The increases are the direct result of the economy’s swift collapse amid the pandemic and Congress’s efforts to weave a safety net to save people and businesses from financial ruin.
While production cuts and voluntary closings of oil wells have helped bring demand and supply closer to balance, there are still huge stocks of oil in tank farms and on ships that could flood the market.
Some posts on the blog that revealed Mr. Danchenko’s name are dated before Mr. Graham released the interview report, but the Twitter user who promoted the blog said he or she had backdated the posts to change their order.
It’s one of the most interesting recordings Mr. Debargue has made yet — even if this side of his musicianship has yet to be reflected on the Sony discs of his playing.
Perfect for the present moment, when he can represent the frightened, beleaguered public.
She has a point, I guess.
But along the way, Mr. Kushner discovered something intriguing: Mrs. Israel was having an affair with Mr. Emirates, who was fleeing an abusive relationship with Ms. Iran.
Los adornos artesanales llevan los nombres de niños de Maryland, Michigan y las Islas Marianas del Norte.
Local officials claimed that 17 Taliban fighters were killed in the airstrike.
“A more sustainable federal budget could also support the economy’s growth over the long term.” The budget deficit topped $1 trillion in 2019, and the Congressional Budget Office expects trillion-dollar deficits for the next several years.
“Andaba defendiendo lo que es de nosotros”, dijo su padre, José Luis Silva.
Case works as an independent construction worker.
The version made public on Tuesday appeared to drop the retroactivity element and said the rule would only apply to studies “that are potentially pivotal to E.P.A.’s decisions or influential scientific information that are developed in the future.” But several critics of the plan noted that many existing regulations come up for renewal or reconsideration every few years, so even longstanding rules could be subject to the restrictions.
Cook to surprise yourself and maybe you will be surprised.
“If I had known the conditions, I would never have sent my father back,” Mr. Zhang’s son said.
I sit down in class like any other kid, but I’m just bombarded with questions on how to do the math.
Se había convertido en la figura paterna de Princess Lockerooo, que estaba devastada.
Each of their heads has been removed from their bodies.
Screams in a Park, a Body With a Tattoo and MS-13 Is Now Accused One Hospital Was Besieged by the Virus.
On Twitter this week, Mr. Zimmerman said multiple times that “New York Tough” was not his doing, “though it looks like a few elements were sampled.” Mr. Cuomo’s office is selling copies of the poster for $11.50 apiece.
But as it turns out, that kind of experience did not necessarily resonate widely with voters for a whole host of reasons.
He became known for making tender portraits that teased out their subject’s inner lives, placing him among a cohort of emerging photographers like Nadine Ijewere, Dana Scruggs, and Campbell Addy who focus on nuanced expressions of Black life.
They’re also healthy places to live.
This group of Mid-Atlantic food markets and restaurants has Easter menus ($150 to $220 to serve four, plus à la carte dishes), including chicken, salmon, ham, prime ribs or rack of lamb.
But even she remains always a victim of her own sadness, her “broken”-ness given a supernatural explanation that is more of a cop-out than a resolution.
“That dynamic isn’t there anymore.
The news will undoubtedly come as a further shock to the families who are already grieving in the face of this unspeakable tragedy.
Normally, more than 50 relatives would have flown in from England and elsewhere for the funeral.
Provided Americans practice committed social distancing, the optimistic estimate among experts is two months.
In this one, when the daughter decided to end her marriage last year, she reestablished a relationship with her family.
as a backwater that matters only to the nation’s two million farmers.
In the summer of 2010, the soul singer Bettye LaVette stepped onstage at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles with a 32-piece string section behind her and performed a four-decade-old song she’d only just learned: the Beatles’ “Blackbird.” At the time, LaVette was about seven years into a long-overdue career resurgence.
Instead, the children absorbed a mix of pragmatic calculation and logical reasoning.
Susie Mina, the new mother, gave birth to her first son in Montreal because her pregnancy was deemed high risk.
A recent, widely cited report by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention underscored this: In Springfield, Mo., two hair stylists continued coming to work, days after they began to feel sick.
Andre Bauma sitting with four gorillas.
We’re all stuck at home at the moment, so here are the 50 best movies on Netflix right now.
In an interview with the Economic Club of Washington, D.C., last week, Mr. DeJoy said his agency was working to settle the lawsuits.
Cynics speculated that, with sparkly costumes and three acts titled “Emeralds,” “Rubies” and “Diamonds,” he was trying to attract a glitzier crowd for the relatively proletarian dance company.
“For a long time, we put too much emphasis on the role of technology and didn’t realize that technology must be guided by core socialist values,” Mr. Zhang wrote in a public letter of apology.
He was most sentimental about his work with Helmut Lang, which in the late 1990s was the industry standard for urban minimalism.
Carolyn Gehr, 37 Parents at the high school where Carolyn Gehr teaches laud her as a role model for young women.
And what Democrats have been trying to do over the past decade is create a grassroots momentum that can change the way that they operate in the South.
Eventually, one of the officers held the blanket in place.
(The Trump campaign declined to say if the matches were real; Mr. Murtaugh said only that it was a “common fund-raising approach” used by both parties) “Today in record-breaking achievements of grift,” Caitlin Mitchell, a top digital strategist for Mr. Biden, wrote mockingly on Twitter of the purported 1,000 percent match.
Clement, ahora socio de Kirkland & Ellis, escribió que las autoridades no tienen que decirles a los acusados que fueron identificados a través de Clearview siempre y cuando no sea la única razón por la que obtuvieron una orden para arrestarlos.
A pesar de que contaba con suficientes créditos para no deber impuestos, sus contadores parecen haber separado una asignación para una reducida responsabilidad fiscal tanto para 2016 como para 2017.
Por ejemplo, un vecindario de personas mayores puede tener poco contacto con otros pero sucumbir al virus rápidamente cuando se encuentran con él, mientras que los adolescentes pueden transmitir el virus a decenas de contactos e incluso así mantenerse sanos.
It’s going to be a lot different for her and her coach.” Many in the gymnastics community do not like the new rules, including Cecile Landi, who coaches Simone Biles.
But Nevada politicians of both parties have remained steadfastly opposed to the policy, which is deeply unpopular in the state.
In June, after the death of Mr. Floyd the previous month, Dr. Hart and other former contestants formed a group called the Soul Survivors Organization to shift how Black people are represented in entertainment.
The United States did not, because it was not a party to the treaty.
He taught drama and speech at Jonathan Dayton High School in nearby Springfield for 30 years.
Mr. Mulgrew has said he was deeply frustrated that schools were closing so soon but did not encourage the city to change the threshold.
And frustration has grown among some voters because their assigned voting locations are farther away and different from the poll site they typically go to on Election Day.
We need workplace safety standards based on safety and sound science, and we need the president to use his authority to make and distribute personal protective equipment to essential workers.
“There’s a very rich picture that takes a lot of work to paint — but is now paintable.” For a variety of reasons, rat middens make excellent stockpiles of ancient DNA.
The health benefits that birth control provides — independent from contraception — are a critical second.
It’s not going go by the wayside.” After a record number of tropical storms formed in the Atlantic Ocean in June and July, with five striking the United States, government scientists updated their forecast for the remainder of the hurricane season, saying it was likely to be extremely busy.
Part of an ensemble cast that included Myrna Loy, Alexis Smith and Kim Hunter in a 1973 revival of Clare Boothe Luce’s comedy “The Women,” she was Miriam Aarons, the relatively minor role that Paulette Goddard had played in the 1939 film version.
So that’s what I hope for the audience we were talking to, that we take care of ourselves, and whatever that might be, and I hope that we learn that we aren’t crazy, the world is.
This album encourages us to go with it — to look for points of light and grounding, yes, but also to enjoy being disoriented.
Most of us enjoy friendly conversation with friends.
“I started to think of weight loss — the effort and ultimately the results — as a transformation, changing the traits and toxic thinking anchoring me down, doing the work privately, without judgment, without having to worry about trying to find something healthy at lunch time at the office, without having my appetite triggered by someone bringing lunch to their cube at 11 a.m., without the constant snacks, team drinks, all of that,” she said.
Mr. Ebbers became chief executive in 1985 and changed the company name to WorldCom in 1995.
JON PARELES Foo Fighters, a band with rhythm at its core even though Dave Grohl has moved from drummer to guitar-strumming frontman, discover funk with “Shame Shame,” which backs the band’s rock guitars with a double-time beat and pizzicato strings.
An explosion in Nashville left three people hospitalized, the city shaken and investigators mystified.
Mr. Neman says that in the long term, automation might help lower prices to the level of Chipotle, which is about 10 percent cheaper, but he knows he’ll never be able to compete with McDonald’s on price.
She has admitted recently that she accepted the gig as a judge on “American Idol” in part to garner a little more respect in the music world.
Spikes used to latch onto and enter human cells Spike protein gene CORONAVIRUS CORONAVIRUS GENOME ORF1a protein ORF1b protein Spike protein E M N Change in RNA sequence MUTATIONS that led to the B.1.1.7 variant X (deletion) X Change in amino acid X Spikes used to latch onto and enter human cells CORONAVIRUS Spike protein gene Change in RNA sequence Change in amino acid CORONAVIRUS GENOME N protein M protein E protein Spike protein MUTATIONS that led to the B.1.1.7 variant ORF1b protein (deletion) ORF1a protein By Jonathan Corum | Source: Andrew Rambaut et al., Covid-19 Genomics Consortium U.K.
Griffin told reporters that Williamson’s first game would depend on his performance in an “intense” practice in the coming days and official clearance by doctors.
The World Health Organization said it was convening an emergency meeting on Wednesday to evaluate the risk of the newly identified coronavirus.
Dalhi represents a transition from the Biden view of electability to a Sanders vision, an anti-establishment vision.
I mean, I’ve been waiting for this day for as long as I can remember I feel like.
Our children said they were surprised to discover how hard their parents worked.
“It’s the closest thing you have to a free lunch, from an animal protein perspective,” said Richard Waite, who specializes in agriculture at the World Resources Institute, a research and advocacy group based in Washington.
“Some kids are just very shy, and if you force them, they recoil more, because they haven’t warmed up to the person yet.” Nowadays, children are even encouraged to use boundaries with each other.
In a brief interview on Tuesday night, Ms. McBride said she was “incredibly grateful” to the residents of her district and would keep her focus on serving them.
The suspects often had criminal histories and limited resources — and, until the pepper-spray incident, the officer’s interactions were not caught on camera by witnesses and did not result in criminal charges against him.
At a CNN forum on Wednesday night, he contrasted himself pointedly and consistently with Mr. Sanders — never a given for Mr. Biden, a decorous senator at heart who sometimes struggles to press a sustained case against his opponents.
“As an older person, what I want is not to end up on a respirator,” Dr. Monto said.
We have learned that if we want to change things for the better, we have to raise our voices and organize.
That’s the track I follow.” Gotch recommends signing up for daily news briefings: “If something drastic happens, you’re going to hear about it; your phone will give you an alert.
He has incited controversy by questioning the necessity of an eventual coronavirus vaccine and explaining that he would have a hard decision to make if getting one were required by the tour.
Last spring, Massachusetts school officials reported dozens of families to the state’s Department of Children and Families because of issues related to their children’s participation in remote learning, The Boston Globe reported last month.
He flashes his fingers like tiny rapid moths.” Since I’m already complaining about a book I admire, allow me to get one more thing out of the way.
A group of faculty and students — Mr. Slocum led hardware design, and Daniela Rus, a professor and robotics expert, led software development — worked to upgrade the design to help coronavirus patients.
After spending his teenage years in and out of prison in Chicago, King Von had moved to Atlanta to focus on his music career.
Duke University in North Carolina, with 17,000 students, has recorded 75 confirmed cases among students and employees since early August, even as early outbreaks forced its neighbor colleges, North Carolina State and the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, to move instruction entirely online for the semester.
An example of different might be the Numbers collection, three models created in 2019 with the Danish-born graphic designer Mads Jakob Poulsen of Poulsen Projects in New York City.
The shutdown this year is much bigger than Dr. Mecher and others imagined would be necessary or practical.
But they also raised issues that ran the gamut of liberal policy initiatives, from investing in small businesses and historically Black colleges and universities to tackling student debt and climate change.
Mr. Weizman said that in addition to attending the opening in Miami he had planned to meet with people to discuss investigating a facility in Homestead, Fla., that is used to house detained migrant children.
Then, give yourself a hug crossing right arm over left and switch, crossing left arm over right.
A series of questions posed to a young woman at an abortion clinic takes an emotional toll in the drama “Never Rarely Sometimes Always,” written and directed by Eliza Hittman and now available on demand.
Masks — and President Trump’s refusal to wear one — were a central topic at a Senate committee hearing.
Lent said via Zoom from her home in Ovid, N.Y.
“The problem is the report itself doesn’t actually specify any of those errors except for one.” Mr. Krebs added: “We have to stop this.
Less than 24 hours after Mr. Trump made his comments, two of the largest Proud Boy groups on Telegram added hundreds of new members.
But Halsey cultivated loyalty, and received it.
Cóndor was a full American-style operation, complete with herbicide-spraying planes, armed helicopters and heavily armored soldiers who marched into the villages brutalizing the local men, dragging them onto trucks, terrorizing the women.
So the fate of Captain Crozier is still to be decided.
“I couldn’t believe what I was hearing,” Alam recalled recently.
Many consumers expect to lose their jobs and to see home prices stall — or even decline — over the coming year, according to a Federal Reserve survey.
Protest videos even showed some shouting, “Khamenei is a murderer!” and anti-riot police tear-gassing violent demonstrators.
When his newborn daughter fractured an elbow in December, he found Polar’s health insurance no longer covered her.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
Senator Mark Warner of Virginia, the panel’s top Democrat, said he would give Mr. Ratcliffe a respectful hearing but made clear he viewed him as part of a broader attempt by Mr. Trump to politicize the nation’s intelligence apparatus.
So if you have any particular concerns and observations about the return to school or if there’s something you think is going particularly well in your province or community, please drop me an email.
“What a tangled web we weave,” Judge Paul M. Burch said at the Sixteenth Judicial Circuit Court hearing in York, S.C., on Thursday, according to video from WCNC.
Children who have a better sense of what feels O.K.
The company was fined $20 million this year while on probation for discharging plastic into waters around the Bahamas and falsifying records.
“Republicans are more about rugged individualism, being independent and fending for yourself.” For the current candidates, their views of manhood are reflected in their policies and politics.
Here is a transcript: BIDEN: Well, look, here’s the deal.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
Sarah Paulson operates under the belief that blood once flowed through even the stoniest of hearts.
Some had symptoms under control that were coming back.
In the previous three years, the suit said, close to half of those detained were released on bond.
Trump approaches and appraises the military as he does all else: What’s in it for me?
His body will circulate around shrines in all the holy cities of Shiite Islam from Samarra, Kadhimiya, Karbala and Najaf in Iraq to Mashhad and Qom in Iran.
Why should I feel guilty for atrocities committed by earlier generations?
En el fondo, sus fallos son producto del modelo de gestión de un gobierno más proclive a la improvisación que a la planeación y liderado por un presidente con una concepción reduccionista de la gestión pública, el poder y la democracia.
“I feel so helpless,” one woman, who started a group for family members, wrote on Facebook on Tuesday.
With his reflexive instinct to harness and exploit any power available to him, Trump was the perfect test case for Barr’s expansive view of executive power.
Apparently, we need the eggs.
“It was a grubby city — a wide-open town with lots of bars, taverns and gambling,” David Lieberth, a former president of the local historical society, said of Akron, which is 40 miles south of Cleveland.
La fuga de capitales está alcanzando niveles que no se habían visto desde la década de 1990.
The Trump administration will continue to try to roll back gay and transgender rights.
There’s no need to be combative; they’ve won.
It’s total.” In terms that would even have made President Richard Nixon blush, our commander in chief sounded more like the leader of some tinpot dictatorship than of the United States.
“It is both problematic and emblematic of the problems with the reporting systems at Edna Mahan,” the report said.
It’s the message he’s been trying to sell his whole political life.
[The New York Times] An Orange County Sheriff’s deputy is under investigation after he was seen wearing patches on his uniform associated with a right-wing paramilitary group at a protest in Costa Mesa.
Over the course of three weeks in April, I photographed my colleagues as we worked to do our part to combat the pandemic that has frozen our country.
“So I’m going to do that now.” On the way back from the funeral home, we paused to observe a Black Lives Matter protest wending its way down one of the town’s main thoroughfares.
“There would be a physician that would have said, ‘No, no, no,’ and all of the sudden, it’s his mother,” Aberg, the Mount Sinai doctor, told me.
“Whatever you do, do not channel ‘Emily in Paris,’ with its kooky combinations of hats, boots and hot pink jackets,” advises Vanessa Friedman, the Times’ chief fashion critic, referring to the Netflix series.
Ahmaud Arbery took his final run in February in an area of southern Georgia marked by historic — though increasingly blurred — racial boundary lines and onto a street where neighbors were vigilant and apparently on edge.
“The pandemic is still here.
Muchos creen que, aún con toda su tragedia a cuestas, 2001 fue un momento de destrucción creativa para la sociedad argentina, un grito de hartazgo que reinició a un sistema político bipartidarista que había fracasado en resolver los problemas económicos fundamentales del país durante las casi dos décadas que siguieron a la dictadura militar que terminó en 1983.
Y luego, de pura casualidad, apareció Sama.
Mr. Coulombe prided himself on paying his employees well and on an ever-changing display, one of the things that set him apart from supermarkets.
It would weigh just 10 pounds, but it would move across the living room as though it could take down a gazelle.
His company, which has kiosks that take consumers’ coins in exchange for bills, recirculates $2.7 billion worth of coins annually, he said.
He has privately expressed frustration at the slow, bureaucratic process of permitting commercial and academic institutions to make their own tests — in which the F.D.A.
How did that make you feel?
But two weeks earlier they had broken up, and she left Old Egghead on the wall.
The scandal broke out in recent days when party officials accused Mr.
“These people who say, ‘I’m not getting it,’ all I can say is, ‘Why?
Bring readers into the experience with you by using sensory images.
“Su fútbol no es muy complicado”, dijo.
You cut the crap, for lack of a better word, and you get to be part of a global enterprise.” For Mr. Trump, the unabashedly “America First” president, Dr. Duprex and other American scientists represent the world’s best hope for a vaccine.
But many schools and programs, from elementary to graduate level, take their honor codes seriously.
COLOR OUT OF SPACE (2020) Rent on Amazon, Google Play, iTunes or Vudu.
Vice Premier Liu He, the country’s economic czar, has repeatedly said they contribute more than half of China’s tax revenues, 60 percent of its economic output and nearly three-quarters of its technological innovation.
Each of these photographers — and some three dozen others scattered across the globe — were charged with the same task: to capture the vast stillness that has fallen over the world during the coronavirus pandemic.
Doe number 2 is plaintiff in this case, right?
And then along comes Bloomberg.
Normally, Ms. Lopez said, her worries would fall more along the lines of, are the costumes going to be ready?
The president, later trying to feed the elephant, compared it to his grandchildren: “He doesn’t like carrots.” Dzimbo eventually moved to the Washington Zoo.)
The big difference is that these teenage designers treat their time together more like a fun and congenial summer camp than like a must-win struggle to become fashion’s next big thing.
Some aides chalked it up to a busy week of campaigning.
There are two floors of galleries, some with full-height windows and some convertible into black boxes, plus an old-is-new-again Pentagram logo embedded in the tiles.
But liberal organizations said the motives behind the efforts were obvious.
Everyone on set was given a rapid Covid-19 test.
It feels like these events are going to be what lets us get comfortable being back together as a society.” Also involved in the UBS project is Matt Goodrich, whose eponymous firm is responsible for layouts and designs of corporate suites and public space inside and outside of the arena.
The convergence of the Black Lives Matter and L.G.B.T.Q.
But the New York metropolitan area reported a 56 percent drop in private school enrollment.
The threats of military intervention have incited a broad backlash, even from some senior members of the armed forces.
As Kara Becker, associate professor of linguistics at Reed College, cautioned, this is hardly universal behavior.
The Fire Department deployed specialized teams to coordinate the hurricane evacuations, including signing contracts with local hotels, some of which were previously shut down because of the coronavirus pandemic.
In his earlier work, the writer had frequently challenged whether Mr. Biden represented the progressive values of the Democratic Party and whether he deserved the vote of left-wing Americans.
Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte said on Monday that such restrictions were “not justified.” The government of Croatia took pains to emphasize its preparedness and project calm.
“Ahí fue cuando realmente me asusté”, dijo Larson.
And to be a member of that team is to have a role in, potentially at least, history.
That Parton prizes showbiz efficiency more than variety is in keeping with what she told Walters: that her outsize appearance was a means to an end, a gateway to her art.
The national reaction was even more skeptical.
Its largest attendance this year has been 600.
What motivates an artist who does all this and also constantly gets naked in public?
Zoe MarkmanNew York To the Editor: While it has become fashionable to claim that young people are being coddled, the frequently targeted millennials are actually young adults in their late 20s or early 30s now experiencing the second Great Recession in their lifetime.
Some of the fund’s stakeholders, including cities, school districts and other public employers, worry that in the meantime, CalPERS’s trustees could react by putting new restrictions on investment chiefs, discouraging top candidates from applying for the job or otherwise making it harder for CalPERS to achieve its target rate of return.
He had cared for patients with this before and often saw improvement after even a single dose of the drug.
Mark S. Zaid, Mr. Murphy’s lawyer, said he and his client “outright challenge Mr. Wolf’s testimony.” “We look forward to the opportunity to provide classified testimony to congressional and O.I.G.
Megan Hiltbrand, a wedding and event planner in Syracuse, N.Y., advises her clients to at least buy liability coverage.
Every year, the United States spends $1 trillion more than is needed for high quality care.
But in the years after that, there was a backlash, and SIS changed in ways that made Rob question himself.
Mientras tanto, la mayor lección de esta decisión histórica en la Corte Suprema es que el primer paso siempre es reconocer el miedo para luego vencerlo.
While Ms. Patel has few defenders outside Mr. Johnson’s party — and faces a government investigation of her conduct — even her critics said they understood the pressures she faced, as the leader of a front-line ministry in a government that is carrying out radical changes in the name of getting Brexit done.
Journalists at The Baltimore Sun, a Tribune Publishing newspaper, have sought buyers among local entrepreneurs and foundations, said Scott Dance, a weather and environment reporter and unit chair of the union there.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
Around the corner, Joanne Townsend was blunter as she prepared fried fish and steamed crabs at a charity event.
Bayern Munich is not as good as it was when it had Robben and Ribéry on full power.
The first three episodes are available Friday, and the subsequent eight will be available weekly.
We could see the gleaming roof of Rod Laver Arena in the near distance.
“No queremos enviar un mensaje de pesimismo y negatividad a los ciudadanos”, dijo Fengzhi He, ecólogo del instituto Leibniz de Ecología de Agua Dulce y Pesca Continental y uno de los autores del estudio.
It is when the government decides to start sending air mail that it created a business where people could start airlines to carry the mail.
“You will think twice about it, then basically the video is gone already.” “That’s why I think the Walmart thing is pretty interesting,” he added.
Pero trataron de recordar a la gente que cualquier percepción de una gran mejora era relativa.
The brand’s signature motifs — chevrons, graphic patterns and stripes going in every direction — were chopped into triangular and square pieces and rearranged as vivid patchworks across youthful, slouchy shirts and pants, informal suits, oversize cardigans and boxy coats.
Hold this plank position for 10 seconds.
We all think we’re on CNN and it’s like, this is crazy.
And her headache had gone from occasional to a persistent terrible pain.
The ruling upheld an earlier injunction blocking the move that had been issued by a Federal District Court judge.
Our home turned into an office, a schoolhouse, and a poor replacement for our favorite restaurants.
“I don’t feel as confined because I know that Instagram opens those doors and it allows me to connect and share.” Often adapting women’s patterns to his measurements because they are generally more fashionable, Mr. Schultz said that he enjoys making clothes for the perfect fit that is difficult to find in commercial pieces.
What did we learn about this population from the results of Biden’s victory?
The researchers wound up recruiting 61 volunteers, most of them middle-aged and inactive; all were overweight or obese.
They both had a huge need to change the subject and shore up their common base of right-wing Jews and evangelicals.
“Both sides need to have access to the information because we don’t know who the president is going to be, so allow that part of this process to still continue just for the sake of national security.” The prolonged transition will have other consequences, like delaying the start of background checks for many senior and midlevel officials, said John B. Bellinger III, a former Bush administration official.
To Mr. Trump and other supporters, the approach corrects for past trade deals that enabled corporate outsourcing and led to lost jobs and industries.
Too many students are sitting in front of a screen when they could be exploring out in the world.
“Now that it’s been brought to our attention, it’s a little bit ever more so like, Oh, God.
Or you can simply create a weave that repairs a tear by doing stitches that sit very close together.
Balvin eventually got the hang of it.
Games without a Power 5 conference team Games with at least one Power 5 team Week 1 Week 2 Week 3 Week 4 Week 5 Week 6 Week 7 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Games without a Power 5 conference team Games with at least one Power 5 team Week 1 Week 2 Week 3 Week 4 Week 5 Week 6 Week 7 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Games without a Power 5 conference team Games with at least one Power 5 team Week 1 Week 2 Week 3 Week 4 Week 5 Week 6 Week 7 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Note: Data is as of Oct. 15, 2020.
My mask fell apart like four days ago.
Her death from the injuries she sustained in the attack sparked uncomfortable discussions about the abuses that countless Indian women suffer every year.
The deaths have brought to light a perilous heritage hidden in the sandy earth of the Solomon Islands, an archipelago about 1,000 miles northeast of Australia that was the site of fierce fighting between Japanese and Allied forces.
Rather than spending tens of millions of dollars on large helicopters and pilots, even small police forces could operate tiny autonomous drones for a relative pittance.
The virus charged through some poultry packing plants at alarming rates, forcing temporary closings and a call for improved working conditions.
Ronald Scott Colson, a financial adviser who lives outside of Bellingham, said he had been converting to electric heat to fulfill his commitment to migrating the planet away from fossil fuels.
Spike Lee had been chosen to lead the festival’s jury this year, and would have been the first black person to do so in the festival’s 73-year history.
“We believe that delaying the election would cause undue chaos to this election process,” he said.
For players who traverse time zones regularly and routinely finish rounds at dinnertime on one day and then tee off early the next morning, subpar sleep is virtually an occupational hazard.
Susumu Kataoka was just looking for a diversion from long days sheltering at home with his family during the coronavirus outbreak.
“It’s a great, great moment for the city, and for the art community,” he said.
The killers in “Sunless Shadows” are destigmatized.
In Lagos on Friday, people across the city were hurriedly buying hand sanitizer, face masks and in the shaky hope it would make a difference, vitamin C supplements.
I was scheduled to go to work.
So don’t get it going with him.
They are like a trivial border incident which triggers off a major war.
But I’d ask: How does losing feel?
“We’ve seen that this week.” On the livestream video, birds could be heard singing in nearby trees as Mr. Henderson encouraged the couple to be fruitful and multiply.
We still write everything by hand.
Chinese hackers have tried to aid the Hong Kong authorities in cracking down on the protests, including by carrying out cyberattacks on Telegram, a secure messaging app used by many demonstrators.
For example, the bin alerts you when a collection of stuffed animals is unreasonably large.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
In a September survey representing about 85,000 apartments in New York, nearly 20 percent of tenants paid no rent, according to CHIP, a group that represents 4,000 landlords and managers of primarily rent-stabilized buildings.
In the event of a Trump loss, the conservative media, Hopkins continued, will undoubtedly portray Trump as a kind of martyr figure whose defeat was caused by the illegitimate machinations of the mainstream media, Lincoln Project RINOs, and Democrats committing voter fraud.
You were one of the first people in Hong Kong to be arrested under the national security law.
In a letter to colleagues, Ms. Bustos conceded she had “hoped for better results” and was “gutted at the losses we sustained” even as she noted that she had delivered on “job No.
He asks the filmmaker for money and at one point suggests that May is trying to exploit him.
For Trump, it was just another Monday.
So what it indicates is that after the first person who got the coronavirus in Washington State six weeks ago, there appears to have been a series of transmissions, a number that we can’t even count at this point, that then led to a new person showing up with the virus in more recent days.
While Prince William, as the elder brother, has been tethered to the notion that he will succeed his father on the throne, Harry has had to find another path.
For a public art program in Los Angeles in 2016, she built a huge concrete stele using matter from 100 shooting sites in the city, and made with local artists.
And Mr. Biden has never publicly endorsed the idea.
No había dudas en la mente de estos manifestantes: sus luchas contra el racismo están unidas.
Arregló un televisor roto y compró un parlante usado, dando a su familia algo de entretenimiento en su casa de suelo de tierra, donde seis personas comparten una cama bajo un techo con goteras.
Orr retired after Super Bowl V, in January 1971, when the Colts defeated the Dallas Cowboys, 16-13.
“I’m going to be raising this issue much more vociferously — I think my colleagues will as well,” Representative Andy Barr, Republican of Kentucky and the lead signatory on the Dec. 9 letter, said in an interview on Monday.
Frustrating the Palestinians, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel insisted to his right-wing supporters that he had not actually abandoned his plan to impose Israeli sovereignty over much of the West Bank, he had merely suspended it.
Now, he added, “our insurers, to whom we have paid significant premiums every year for protection against unforeseen circumstances like we are experiencing today, have turned their backs on us at this most critical time.” The chain, which has about 4,000 employees and brought in about $750 million in sales last year, plans to wind down its retail operations and start going-out-of-business sales online and in its stores in New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Florida.
Raise your hand if you're a Dem — seriously, this is just — I'm going to do a poll that costs nothing, right?
Over the past week, Iris Friedman, the vice president of a local school board in rural upstate New York, and a seamstress friend have been making fabric face masks fitted with swatches of a vacuum cleaner bag and filters from the nearby hardware store.
Blaquart a suspendu San José, qui était responsable de l’éducation non footballistique des joueurs au centre, le temps des investigations, et lui a ordonné de quitter Clairefontaine, dit-il.
“It looks like there is still a mismatch there — people are not consuming as much as previously,” said Sara Hsu, a visiting scholar in economics at Fudan University in Shanghai.
Finally success came from ordering from a different hardware store.
The committee decided to waive its requirement going forward that candidates must meet a fund-raising minimum to qualify.
There, Mr. Hegseth served under Col. Michael D. Steele, a hard-charging Army Ranger officer who was part of the Black Hawk Down episode in Somalia, a leader devoted to aggressive tactics to ferret out and kill suspected terrorist operatives, recorded on “kill boards” on base.
Yet it had four games canceled, mostly because of tighter local restrictions over contact tracing and opponents who found themselves in the same spot.
Trump ha sentado las bases con sus advertencias infundadas sobre el fraude de los votantes y enviado a abogados listos para impugnar la legitimidad de los votos emitidos.
His fortune began with money from Dad.
Meyer and his hunters aren’t exactly superheroes, in that they don’t have supernatural powers or wear spandex.
Mr. Huang and his father are staying in one room, while his mother and brother are staying in another.
It was a sign that fears about the coronavirus had begun to hit ticket sales far from the outbreak’s hot spots, writes the NYT’s Niraj Chokshi.
But then moments later he seemed to change his mind.
The genetic blood disorder can cause strokes, organ damage and intense pain that can feel like glass running through her veins.
But the immediacy and corporeality of mothering also helps anchor me in the present, dissipating my cataclysmic conjectures about the future.
over recent years: In January, Major League Baseball concluded an investigation that found Houston guilty of a sign-stealing scheme during the 2017 season in which the team ended up winning the World Series.
Maybe so, but as an editor of his papers pointed out in The Washington Post, as president, Madison engaged in a dodgy, Trumpian scheme to use State Department money to buy documents purporting to prove his Federalist opponents were conniving with London; the Federalists cried foul, but there wasn’t even the beginning of an impeachment proceeding.
I thought about what Zach had said and how that applied not only to the Marines, but also to our country: If you take care of Americans, they will take care of America, and the way you do that is through leadership.
A brand executive at the event said the earrings cost $1.56 million.)
Representative Adam Schiff, the California Democrat who is leading the House impeachment managers, has proposed that the Supreme Court Chief Justice, John G. Roberts Jr., who is presiding over the trial, could swiftly rule on the validity of any executive privilege claim.
Avoiding crowded sanctuaries is a small concession for the health and safety of the whole congregation.
But Twitter is also on the hook for enforcing copyright and trademark.
I’m wondering if they lose their virtue if they are baked into banana bread, when a late-night email pops up from my friend Nancy K. Miller.
“1917” “Ford v Ferrari” “The Irishman” “Jojo Rabbit” “Joker” “Knives Out” “Little Women” “Marriage Story” “Once Upon a Time … in Hollywood” “Parasite” The Producers Guild of America field is considered one of the strongest predictors of Oscar success: Last year, every single best-picture nominee was recognized by this group first.
There was a dark Audi by the back wall, and a red Jeep in the corner, across the still muddy and puddled floor.
Christiane Eda-Pierre, a coloratura soprano who was among France’s first Black opera stars, and whose New York résumé included a performance seen by some 150,000 people in 1980, died on Sept. 6 at her home in Deux-Sèvres, in western France.
La escasez de turistas era la última preocupación para los islandeses en 2018, cuando el país recibió una cifra récord de 2,3 millones de visitantes, más de seis veces la población de Islandia.
And a gentle reminder: Tomorrow is the deadline to file your taxes.
How would you explain the concept of “conservation” in your own words?
Black and Latino enrollment in the University of California system declined immediately.
“This is going to take a year,” said Mr. Colicchio, who believes that the 75 percent failure rate isn’t an exaggeration.
As of May 29, the most recent date that numbers were made available, 901 uniformed members of the department — about 2.5 percent of the total number — were out sick from the virus, down from 19.8 percent at the peak in April.
Mocking old predictions that Israel would become increasingly isolated and face a diplomatic “tsunami” for failing to resolve the Palestinian conflict, Mr. Netanyahu has instead touted economic peace and what he calls T.T.P.
But — somehow, for some reason — Weird Al endures.
Since then, the full team, which the board calls its Covid-19 strike force, has grown to nearly 50 of the 60 board employees.
Lawmakers at Friday’s hearing, which was held in Boulder in part to draw more national attention to the House investigation, noted how rarely start-ups spoke out about their complaints, and encouraged them to keep making their case.
If there are early reports of side effects that may scare away some people, he said, “we’d do well to start thinking about all that now.” Back in Brooklyn, fewer than 1 percent of people tested at neighborhood clinics over the past eight weeks were infected with the virus.
A full and fair investigation would be one unencumbered by the substantial constraints attending Robert Mueller’s investigation.
“Ya contaban con músicos que habían alcanzado un nivel profesional”, dijo Ian Víctor.
He picked up the personal finance bug in the 1980s.
Kawakami said she would be pleased if her novels provided solace that readers ultimately outgrow.
He also did not deny that Iranian hackers were attacking targets in the United States.
“She does talk about her story on the trail, but think about who goes to rallies — well-educated activists, not noncollege voters,” said Meredith Kelly, who served as communications director for Senator Kirsten Gillibrand during her presidential campaign.
“We will lose our voice, and even our influence, even with our allies.
“I don’t think any people enjoys rooting around in the unpleasant parts of their past,” Robert Paxton, a prominent American historian whose groundbreaking work helped bring France to a full understanding of the crimes of the Vichy regime, told me.
A protest site in central Minsk turned into a makeshift memorial on Tuesday, with hundreds of people bringing flowers, and passing cars honking in support.
So what needs to happen for the Bloomberg candidacy to take off?
Nxivm (pronounced NEX-ee-um), which was headquartered near Albany, became known as a “sex cult” after trial testimony showed that Mr. Raniere had groomed a group of women in the group to be his sexual partners.
“We started with the recipe, then talked about my younger brother, then my work, then her day, and next thing I knew, the soup was done,” Ms. MacKenzie said.
In other words, Californians are playing a major part in what my colleagues have reported is a historic surge in turnout across the country; the nation is on track to surpass 150 million votes for the first time.
U.S. ROUNDUP Bars and restaurants that only recently reopened around the country are being forced to close their doors again, or at least suspend dining in, amid new infections.
Of course, that could also describe a number of reasonably successful shows in this category, and “Snowpiercer” will find its fans.
I think they should know that by now.” Mohammed Najib contributed reporting from Ramallah, West Bank.
Now we can.” Australia and New Zealand have benefited from an early, aggressive response to the pandemic.
Trump solo ha ofrecido recomendaciones solapadas sobre el uso de cubrebocas y rara vez ha usado una en público; en una entrevista con Fox que se transmitió el 19 de julio, el presidente dijo que no emitiría una directiva nacional sobre el cubrebocas, porque los estadounidenses merecen “una cierta libertad” en el asunto.
And, you know, when you have a stranger knocking on your door, I’ve been doing the deliveries myself as well.
Humans have managed to turn leftover fruit into booze from time immemorial.
There may be a Thanksgiving side dish featured here for your Thanksgiving table.
Andrew and Sarah met on a dating app.
He knew he had a wife and two daughters.
At least one protester had a sign featuring a swastika.
He said he would be announcing the location of his speech “fairly soon.” Giving a political speech from the White House would be a violation of the Hatch Act.
“We are the day’s story,” he said.
So far, At Home has produced some two dozen of these activities.
Knowing this, and knowing how the slavery discussed as a side note in ‘Hamilton’ has lived on through economic and social inequalities, I feel that I’ve lost the optimism of that twelve-year-old girl blasting “My Shot” in my mom’s car.
And forever rob us of the beauty and possibilities of a living planet.
After the syndrome was described in the ’60s, food companies were quick to label MSG, which adds umami flavor to a dish, as a toxin.
And I think many of us are sadly, like you, thinking about the holidays, thinking about how they’re not going to feel normal at all.
On Ocracoke Island off the Atlantic coast, Robin Macek, who owns a bed-and-breakfast, voted last week at a fire station for Mr. Biden, a ballot she had been waiting a long time to cast.
A private patio is accessible from the primary bathroom, with a hot tub surrounded by native plants.
Wow, I’ve read so many lately!
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
Exactly people mistake one for the other.
No obstante, algunos filtros de aire ofrecen características que los expertos llaman “artilugios”, que en el mejor de los casos son inútiles y, en el peor, son peligrosos.
The president said he hoped Boeing was investing all of its resources into getting the plane back in the air.
The growing emphasis on local influence — state officials announced on Monday that places of worship could reopen at lower capacity only with the approval of county public health departments — could help Mr. Newsom mute his critics, some of whom have gone to court to challenge California’s restrictions.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
Mask mandates were consistently recommended for states and cities where the virus is spreading.
Bresson (1901-99) was the most cerebral, overtly theoretical French filmmaker of his era — and one of the most original.
The hotel has a custom-made cloth mask, so that may be better than the hot disposable masks.
I mean, I’m mindful of the fact that Amazon, for example, is the country’s most profitable business.
Mr. Garcetti said on Friday that he was very confident of the ability of the website to keep up with the demand for tests.
Volunteers have also produced antibodies to the coronavirus, in some cases more than are produced by people who have recovered from an infection.
“When I had a look at this specimen, I quickly realized how unique this is,” said Martin Kundrát, a paleobiologist at the Center for Interdisciplinary Biosciences at Pavol Jozef Safarik University in Kosice, Slovakia, who’s the lead author of a study published Thursday in Current Biology about the fossil.
“I was reading to them how Jesus died, was in the tomb, came back to life,” she said.
This information will be critical for decision makers.” We have to hope states will act on it, because the federal government doesn’t seem willing to.
Vice-presidential candidates have only two things to accomplish in a debate: Defend the person at the top of your ticket.
Martin’s ink — the same sort Warhol, whose influence can be seen in her cards’ confident line work, used for his commercial art in the ’50s.
for All, so my team can give kids access to A.P.
Reddit rabbit holes have cropped up for Georgia’s Letterman-bearded official state interpreter, David Cowan.
It’s a big adjustment, especially because Hilda has a special connection to unusual wildlife, but she finds plenty of enchanting creatures in urban living, too.
“He’s got a lot of attitude — he thinks he’s a 100-pound dog in a 10-pound body,” says his owner, Christina Potter.
(Her name has not been revealed.)
“You’re getting 100 percent authentic Zane at all times.” In three conversations, Lowe was unfailingly forthcoming and polite, thanking me repeatedly for allowing him to talk about himself, which is, you know, the point of an interview.
One of the last times A.Ham was prominently on Broadway, in Sidney Kingsley 1943 play “The Patriots,” America was deep in a global fight for democracy.
“People are very willing to take a Chinese vaccine,” said Ghazala Parveen, a senior official at the National Institute of Health in Pakistan, where two Chinese vaccine makers are conducting trials.
The United States and its military partners in South Korea and Europe have canceled planned exercises in the Arctic, the Middle East and South Korea.
Then I was back home with the man who went to see that parade with me.
We want to establish our lives.
prospectus showed a temporary business bump from the pandemic, but raised questions about its prospects of long-term profit.
The most contained and successful of these pieces is his “Writers Bench 149th Street and Grand Concourse.” (The title is a tribute to a famed 1970s graffiti hangout not far from the museum.)
Both have previous records of complaints brought against them.
The worker had shared shuttle buses and the casino cafeteria with colleagues.
He said, though, that taking time off from Kith and Kin, which was closed from March until June, gave him time to think about what mattered to him.
People just want a simple answer and oftentimes there isn’t one, especially when you haven’t lived in the same house your whole life.
Through the windows, it was clear that the walls were bare.
When suspected cases began emerging in March, officials worried about having no way to analyze coronavirus tests except by submitting them to the nearest American public health laboratory, thousands of miles away in Hawaii, and waiting for the results.
Over a year later, we are living together in Florida, where he has a research position, and we would like to marry.
Now, on the question of responsibility, the Board of Education was cagey.
He exploited a pervasive sense of American humiliation.
Both small and large amounts of virus can replicate within our cells and cause severe disease in vulnerable individuals such as the immunocompromised.
I wanted to talk with her and a couple of other accomplished designers to help me think through the challenges that shows all over the country are facing.
He talked for more than 40 percent of the time, including offering random comments on the clergy abuse scandals in the Catholic Church.
The trial resumed last month, and a jury convicted him on several drug offenses.
Arizona’s unemployment rate fell to 4.5 percent January, while the recorded low was 3.6 percent in June and July 2007.
And he was really enthusiastic — Yeah.
I stopped acting like a sociopath.
Another worthy “Sting” Oscar went to the composer Marvin Hamlisch.
B. T. Q. community, has taken its weekly karaoke, bingo and trivia nights online.
But its buzziness and relative connectedness, all a rarity in Norrland, have meant much higher property prices.
El propietario les ha exigido la renta de abril y ha amenazado con un desalojo.
Estamos en la primera línea de batalla.
And — What was interesting to me — and this is one of those things that doesn’t pick up so much on tape — but you see his facial expressions.
He and Donald Trump had spent more time in Pennsylvania than in any other state in the last weeks of the race and had closed out their campaigns there.
Apple expanded the deal for its big upcoming product: the iPhone.
The Russians refused to go along, Mr. Naimi says, and he packed up his papers and washed his hands of trying to stabilize the market through cuts.
The first attack crossed the red line drawn by the president last summer — that if Iran harmed an American, it would face severe consequences.
Kirk Brannan: They have the camp inmates making sack meals, bag meals, for those who are on lockdown.
Their younger son was already dead, and Ahmad could be heard screaming inside.
Unlike my mother’s usual emails (with the entire message crammed into the subject line), this one had no text, only an attached photo.
It is a very scary road ahead for all of us.” Most of the fireworks companies received money through the federal Paycheck Protection Program and the Economic Injury Disaster Loan program.
Although Chinese law grants the government emergency powers to quarantine people during a public health emergency, several local officials have indicated that the practice of putting released convicts into quarantine violates those regulations.
Neymar protestó, y le mostraron la amarilla por discrepar (y no, como dijeron algunos reporteros, por el truco mismo).
Also leather suiting and single-breasted clutch coats, knit polo shirts and shorts.
Pero no se les permitía dejar la ciudad, donde los casos de virus empezaban a aumentar.
A 2018 Chapman University study found that 24 percent of Americans say they are afraid of snakes and lizards, and 22 percent say they are afraid of insects and spiders.
“Signage reminding attendees of precautions will be placed throughout the building.” The Trump campaign said Thursday that it was reviewing the letter from arena management.
Home and away ties reduce the chance of upsets; they are designed so that quality wins out, and the role of fortune is mitigated.
… If Democrats nominate anyone besides Bloomberg, they will be outspent in the general election by 2 to 1 or even 3 to 1.
“Maybe when they decide to do it, it will be too late.” Manuela Andreoni reported from Rio de Janeiro, Letícia Casado from Brasília and Azam Amed from Mexico City.
workers, also decried the possibility of slashing the work force.
Nearly 50 years after Louis Armstrong’s death, his Corona, Queens, home — now the site of the Louis Armstrong House Museum — remains remarkably well preserved, right down to the half-full bottle of Jack Daniel’s that remains in his liquor cabinet.
The company will use part of the third floor for offices and a showroom.
In East Java Province’s Probolinggo Regency, an area hit hard by the virus, the authorities offered violators a choice of punishments, including sitting in a hearse next to a coffin, doing push-ups or cleaning streets, said Ugas Irwanto, the security coordinator for the regency’s Covid-19 task force.
Do you agree with them on this?
“Ready?” I asked, before holding my breath and pressing “admit.” To our surprise, it turned out to be less challenging than we expected, as did all the ones that followed.
approval to expand the trial to 44,000 participants so that it could include more people with diseases such as H.I.V.
“Right before we parted ways she leaked my nudes and sent them to business partners, people in my house and potential investors to slander my name, saying I was unprofessional,” Mr. Young said.
We want the music that we play to reflect the world in which we live.
And finally, checking in with a puzzle master.
India has 4,067 confirmed cases and 109 deaths, with officials linking more than 1,000 of those cases to adherents of Tablighi Jamaat, an influential Islamist movement that urges Muslims to model their religious behavior and dress after the prophet, Muhammad.
Indeed, the brief said, new areas of inquiry have arisen, including the Justice Department’s request for leniency in the sentencing of Roger J.
The script still bogged down toward the end in clinical dialogue, but until then it was captivating.
“Women do need to know all the information so they can make their own decision,” said Stone.
The execution has been, inevitably, Trumpy, but the goals — drawing down in Syria and Central Asia, confronting China while de-escalating with North Korea, burden-shifting to other NATO powers in Europe while keeping our relationship with Russia cool but short of Cold War hostility — are more strategically reasonable than the Bushian and Clintonite forms of interventionism that Trump campaigned against.
U.S. presidential campaign: Polls show that President Trump is losing support among a once-loyal group — older white voters — who have soured on the Republican Party and are largely backing Joe Biden in the six most important battleground states.
In the semifinal against Alexander Zverev, Thiem rushed the net more frequently, keeping points shorter, and pressuring Zverev to either go for bigger shots or be broken down by Thiem’s ability to move him from corner to corner in an advanced position.
U.S. economic output grew at the fastest pace on record last quarter as businesses began to reopen and customers returned to stores.
In “Moon Captured,” a brief history of history, she writes: “Dinosaurs, very famous, / then another catastrophe, / this keeps happening.” She also uses the conventions of the funny poem to process very serious material: “Light verse” becomes a Trojan horse that contains dark tragedy.
For nearly three hours, tennis officials negotiated with state health officials over whether he would be allowed to play his scheduled match with Alexander Zverev of Germany.
Florida has confirmed more than 17,500 coronavirus cases and nearly 400 deaths, with the epidemic still expanding in the state.
He didn’t expect to get into an Ivy League college.
In Missouri, the St. Louis Shakespeare Festival, which canceled its annual Shakespeare in the Park productions, is instead offering “A Late Summer Night’s Stroll,” loosely based on “A Midsummer Night’s Dream,” with 15 scenes at different sites in Forest Park.
There will probably be more cases of the disease in other parts of China and other countries, and all countries should have measures in place to detect cases, including at health facilities, W.H.O.
His own father never told him much about the trenches, but as often happens he talked to a grandchild, my sister, who was too young to understand much of it.
“If Bernie were Hillary’s vice president, it would have been tougher,” Mr. Trump said, “because all those people that hated her so much who voted for me.” Mr. Trump added, “You know I got 20 percent of Bernie vote.
That included special in-season tournaments and a structure that broke away from the regular season/playoff model prevalent in North American sports leagues — a model that allows established leagues to sign lucrative broadcast deals and book arenas.
“But no, he’s not in jail, he’s welcomed and pampered by the president of the Republic, Mitterrand.” The most public criticism came in 1990, on the literary television show “Apostrophes,” as the host and guests discussed Mr. Matzneff’s latest diary, “Mes Amours Décomposés,” (“My Decomposed Loves.”) In it, he boasted about having sex with countless minors, including 11- and 12-year-old Filipino boys he describes as “a rare spice.” The single foreigner present, Denise Bombardier, a journalist from Quebec, denounced his pedophilia.
CAPE TOWN — A few months from now, a factory in South Africa is expected to begin churning out a million doses of Covid-19 vaccine each day in the African country hardest-hit by the pandemic.
He gives the example of Britain, where two couples living 30 minutes apart may be subject to different rules for I.V.F.
agents were confronted with a senior national security official who had already had a conversation with Russia that raised serious legal issues and had already lied about it.
Another area of our complex past that should be left untouched are battlefields.
open their car doors, leave their vehicles and crouch for cover simultaneously, as if choreographed by a professional dance troupe.
The unexpected benefit was that Ford’s factory workers became Ford customers, too.
Trump ha logrado conservar a casi toda la coalición que lo eligió la primera vez, en gran parte conservadores de zonas rurales y votantes blancos sin educación universitaria.
Word-altering themes are fairly common, so I wanted to make sure that the -FUL changes also altered the meaning of the base words.
“Whether it’s with a quiet and peaceful funeral, or a grand and ornate funeral, I just want to have it taken care of,” Mr. Peng, 32, who works at a hotel in Wuhan, said by phone.
He does not carry on small talk.
There is also growing concern about the damage a winter wave could sow in the formerly Communist countries of Central Europe, which have weak health care systems, critical shortages of doctors and nurses and some of the highest transmission rates in Europe.
“It was our treat on a Thursday afternoon,” Mr. Cleese said in “The Pythons.” “We would finish early and watch that because it was the funniest thing on television.
Promotion records will still identify the race of candidates, Army officials said.
That does not mean avoiding important issues.
Details: The scientists will first administer tiny doses of the virus to small groups of volunteers who have not been vaccinated, followed by tests in which volunteers are given a vaccine and then intentionally exposed to a carefully calibrated dose of the virus.
“I’d like to be able to raise awareness on the tactics that abusers use to control you and take away your agency,” FKA twigs, 32, born Tahliah Debrett Barnett, said.
When his elderly father, King Salman, ascended to the throne in 2015, he gave his son oversight of the kingdom’s most important portfolios: defense, economy, religion, and oil.
India-China clash: India’s government banned nearly 60 Chinese mobile apps on Monday, including TikTok, citing national security concerns, after tensions rose between the two countries this month.
In the extra frame, the teams traded power-play chances.
He has had an unofficial relationship advising Vice President Mike Pence on economic and business issues and has appeared in executive White House briefings and calls.
How Cornwell organized the signatures in the book is as unclear as how he obtained so many — they are not in chronological order.
But the state and city have never fully funded the high-need schools under the weighted system.
It was the kind of plush simplicity that posits luxury as a form of self-care.
We want to hear from our readers.
Now his bike has become the equivalent of the friends he asked for repeatedly in the first few days and weeks at home.
That of course was a lie.
During his trial, Mr. Preynat testified that senior church officials had been aware of the abuse but had done nothing to remove him from office.
In both cases, she said, we approached the issue using a narrow American lens.
Making matters worse, the football cancellations are coming on the heels of another shock to the college sports economy: the decisions not to hold this year’s national basketball tournaments.
In New York City, a decrepit, incompetent, self-dealing board of elections has been making a mockery of democracy for decades.
The area is the single most densely populated district in all of India, with 36,155 people per square kilometer.
Accepting such products would provoke public anger in Britain.
“Serious lack of medicine, lack of information,” read one.
Well I must admit: Mine!
Please email thoughts and suggestions to business@nytimes.com.
Political activism has also been fruitful on the app.
Mayor Bill de Blasio called again on Friday for doctors and other medical workers across the country to be drafted and sent to the places where coronavirus has hit hardest — starting in New York.
The virus is circulating now in India, in Brazil, in Australia.
On a larger male, the same antlers don’t look as impressive.
But two years later, those plans remain blocked because the Internal Revenue Service has yet to explain how, exactly, companies can claim the tax credit that would make the projects viable.
Winds could reach up to 110 m.p.h., the National Weather Service warned.
Last week, I phoned Dr. Craig L. Katz, a psychiatrist in the Mount Sinai Health System who’s helping to organize their eight hospitals’ mental health response for their workers.
These themes sound weighty, but the novel carries them lightly.
“We cannot test drive our new car,” Dr. Aprile said.
De todos esos intentos, tan solo dos lograron captar directamente imágenes de la superficie del planeta.
King Edward VIII gave up his right to the throne in 1936 by announcing that he wanted to marry Wallis Simpson, an unacceptably divorced American.
1 global security threat in our world today,” the U.N. secretary general, António Guterres, said Wednesday.
What story does this graph tell about Mr. Trump and his finances?
Administrators at Syracuse and Vanderbilt lashed out at students for violating social distancing rules at off-campus parties and events.
The precise length of time that Mr. Floyd was pinned beneath the officer’s knee, however, is no longer as exact.
The nearly two-hour work he performed in Brooklyn in 2017, “The Consummation of Right and Wrong,” was more consistently active and surprising than a lot of contemporary drone music.
It expects to resume its schedule with the Marathon Classic near Toledo, Ohio, in late July.
players are warming up in shirts printed with the words “Say Her Name” on the back and “Black Lives Matter” on the front.
Preprints have been around for years, but their use has exploded in our current crisis.
In 2013, the company abruptly fired Mr. Zimmer, the executive chairman, saying he had been unwilling to cede control to the board and had pushed to sell the company to private investors against shareholders’ interests.
There’s a slight chance that these parents will take the family’s message seriously if they’re warned that assistance — beyond that provided by the state — can no longer be taken for granted if they have more children.
Negotiations with the players’ union on the depths of the restrictions are underway, and will not be publicly revealed until next week at the earliest.
For all that minstrels went on about plantation life and their old Kentucky home, minstrelsy was in fact largely a northern, urban phenomenon that came out of neighborhoods like the Lower East Side, where poor whites and poor blacks lived crowded together and borrowed bits of each other’s music and dance.
What are the chances this back-and-forth actually leads to a productive phone call?
Do: Pretend you’re in Hawaii.
“I wanted to tell this story against the background of the sociopolitical ambience of the time.
But the real story was the slightness: Past presidents had experienced greater bumps during crises, when Americans tend to rally around their leader.
In the capital, Abuja, and the nearby city of Kaduna, minority Shiite protesters have been killed.
“Her work isn’t about sewing; it’s about bringing what’s inside out,” Ms. dos Santos said.
After her hang-’em-high sermon, Sister Alice exchanges a pointed, prolonged glance with Perry.
Now critics of Section 230 are focused on pushing to keep similar language out of future trade pacts.
McGlinchey: If you’re on him, he still finds a way to keep moving toward the quarterback, and that’s what’s really hard.
Although Congress never took up her radical measures, such as a $5 billion annual tax credit for private school tuition, Ms. DeVos and her allies have made tremendous inroads at the state level.
Class-action lawsuits, which represent a large number of people with similar complaints, are among the only tools available to consumers to get financial restitution against airlines.
The Temple of the Sun is a semicircular structure constructed around a large boulder on the lower part of a hill and aligned so that when summer solstice occurs, light shines through a window and aligns with both the boulder and the top of a nearby mountain peak.
“We’re trying to do everything we can not to inflame the environment in Iraq,” the general said, in an apparent reference to the killing of one of Iran’s top generals, Maj. Gen. Qassim Suleimani, in an American drone strike at Baghdad International Airport in January.
We start the night with a weak expectation of the final result for every precinct, by vote method.
Titled “Braidrage,” the work featured Khan scaling a rock- climbing wall that had been constructed with resin casts of the artist’s body parts as the “rocks” and a floor-to-ceiling thick black braid as the rope.
Geely has revived Volvo Cars and the region around its home base in Goteborg, Sweden.
Jason M. Waite, a partner at the law firm Alston & Bird, said courts would probably be reluctant to challenge the president on national security grounds.
Coel, known for the raucous comedy “Chewing Gum” — about a young woman in a London housing project who’s desperate to lose her virginity — has an uncommon ability as a writer to blend the serious and the sardonic, in a way that doesn’t wink at the audience.
One night, I sautéed fresh curly kale with a dash of oyster sauce and red pepper flakes, sprinkled with a handful of roasted chickpeas and served on a bed of soft and crusty rice.
As with Anna from “Bad Hair,” Violet’s hair drama began as childhood trauma, and to overcome it, she must shed the baggage of her past, as well as cut all her hair off.
Ms. Johns died of bone cancer in 1991 at 56.
transcript Today, I’m honored to sign a proclamation celebrating Aug. 18, 2020, as the 100th anniversary of the 19th Amendment.
“It’s a super comfortable room.
Exotic — born Joe Schreibvogel, later Joe Maldonado-Passage, but never anything other than Exotic — is also a character actor, a set designer, a country singer, a firearms enthusiast, a ramshackle political candidate, husband to at least three different men and more.
Danger mounts as Pedro’s reporting leads him to government officials, but just as the movie shows the markers of a solid political thriller, the director Melina León resists building suspense.
Ms. Brown, along with the governors of California and Washington, also urged residents to avoid all nonessential interstate travel in the days ahead.
The mommy bloggers were the first media voices who spoke directly — and exclusively — to mothers.
ArcelorMittal did not respond to a request for comment.
Scientists say unusually warm water in the Indian Ocean triggered heavy rains over East Africa and the Arabian Peninsula, creating ideal conditions for desert locusts and leading to serious infestations in countries like Kenya and Somalia.
I suppose I could also tell you that “A Rainy Day in New York” shows more liveliness and wit than some of its recent precursors, like “Magic in the Moonlight,” “Café Society” or “Wonder Wheel.” It’s easy on the eyes, thanks to the characteristically elegant work of the production designer, Santo Loquasto; the director of photography, Vittorio Storaro; and a cast of attractive youngish and midcareer performers.
Everyone should think about what personal care means for themselves, Dr. Epel said.
It had been given years to shut down, but when the deadline came, the company asked for an extension and kept operating.
“Women lead often in a very different style from men,” said Margot Wallstrom, a former Swedish foreign minister, citing examples from Norway, Germany and New Zealand of women with low-key, inclusive and evidence-based leadership.
They might be one of the most vulnerable groups, their immune systems weakened by exhaustion and poor diets and hygiene.
Around town, ambulances struggled to collect all of those who never made it to the hospital and died at home.
Josh Kun, a cultural historian, will discuss the musical history of the boulevard.
“Sending people to go vote in person is really the opposite of that.” She added, “This is bigger than politics.”
Kate Brown and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, the governor’s office said the Oregon State Police will provide security for the city’s federal courthouse.
“There’s no sane, rational person in politics who would say, ‘I’m going to spend “X” amount of money on a race,’” Mr. Nutter said, adding that much of Mr. Bloomberg’s influential giving around the 2018 midterm elections had come the month before Election Day.
Even in a case implicating the right to the free exercise of religion, protecting the public health comes first.
New York officials and advocates are worried less about fraud than bureaucratic incompetence.
I ordered osso buco and ate it slowly, relishing it.
Instead, for weeks, he tried to use the White House briefing room as a rally stand-in, holding 90-minute news conferences where he aimed to rebrand himself as a “wartime president.” But those efforts quickly devolved into fights with reporters as the president made stunningly inaccurate claims, including a suggestion that injecting disinfectant into the human body could help combat the coronavirus.
The league’s statement has been lauded by some for describing the slurs that appeared during the Rangers-sponsored Q. and A. as categorically racist.
This was a world that was significantly less transparent, across a wide range of business practices, and one that was profoundly U.S.-centric.
You can feel that fog rolling in.”
If you let them fully dress themselves without input, you may end up with your 3-year-old waltzing out of her bedroom in a bathing suit and a pair of pink sparkle earmuffs when it’s 20 degrees outside.
Mr. Broadbent was a prolific author and wine columnist whose most important works, “The Pocket Guide to Wine Tasting,” first published in 1968, and “The Great Vintage Wine Book” (1980), have appeared in many editions and languages.
Climate change tends to scramble time, defying our sense of an orderly progression.
In other racing news, Jackie Heinricher assembled the most accomplished team of female drivers, which finished in the International Motor Sports Association’s top 10 for the GT Daytona Class.
“It’s a heavy weight for us relative to normal.” Mr. Maxwell and his co-managers believe both companies are solid long-term bets — even if Maersk is off roughly 9 percent this year.
Over the past two months, as consumers and workers retreated and state officials imposed limits on economic activity, President Trump and bipartisan coalitions in the House and Senate have approved $3 trillion in federal spending to help companies, workers and the unemployed.
“This should not be seen as an affront to religion,” editors wrote last week.
This is my rest and recovery period every day.
This week, she had a conference call with editors from seven other regional papers who were preparing for the virus to reach their communities.
The way that Olympic power brokers have responded has been distressing.
Or should officials opt for longer periods in order to prevent transmission in virtually all cases, even if doing so takes a harsher toll on the economy?
Rather, the question of whether more lives could have been saved in the United States is answered by looking at how President Trump responded to warnings about Covid when he was first informed of it, and whether U.S. outcomes would be different had his administration acted more quickly, forcefully and effectively with a clear and consistent message.
Many schools have students arriving from different regions.
By October, the airline will have reduced its workforce by 30 percent.
Ms. Brinkworth is asking that her filing be accepted as a formal complaint, despite the passage of more than two decades, based on an old video.
“It’s rare but possible,” she said.
“We’ve always wanted to set up equal opportunities for the ladies,” Mouton said.
“Women’s tennis can continue to be No.
He twice urged regulators to examine taking away the “license” from NBC, though it was unclear what license he was referring to.
“Renters don’t like new high-rises because they see new high-rises and rents going up at the same time,” said Xiaodi Li, a doctoral fellow at the N.Y.U.
We mostly stay “home” at the RV park, and, like most, are taking pleasure in the simple rituals — taking the dogs to the field for frolicking, NYT recipes to try, going to work and being thankful to have a job at all.
Rent on Amazon, Google Play, iTunes, Vudu and YouTube.
“Don’t panic,” says one banner.
She said that some were held in jail for more than 15 hours, and that about a dozen were still in police custody as of midday Wednesday.
It has floor-to-ceiling windows with views of the mountains, volcano and steppe.
And last month he flew to his Bedminster club in New Jersey to collect checks before the September fund-raising deadline, even after a top aide, Hope Hicks, had tested positive for the coronavirus.
By Jill Cowan Good morning.
I know that your investigation was into the hospitals in New York.
Koll called that a “rounding error” for Japan’s $5 trillion economy.
The official, Liu Dengfeng, said at a news briefing on Friday that Chinese law required labs not equipped to handle highly contagious specimens to destroy them to “prevent secondary disasters caused by unknown pathogens.” Health officials had quickly labeled the coronavirus as “highly pathogenic” after beginning to investigate it in December, said Mr. Liu, a member of China’s National Health Commission.
When it was released in the United States in 1959, Bosley Crowther referred to it as “a small masterpiece” in his review for The Times.
And I think that’s going to be one of the most fascinating things to watch on Tuesday, is can black candidates like Jamaal Bowman in New York, like Booker in Kentucky — can they build these multi-racial coalitions, capitalizing on this extraordinary moment of race in America?
not playing yesterday you had to listen.
The break could be considerably longer unless the coronavirus situation improves significantly in Europe, home to the majority of tour players, and in North America, where the main hardcourt season begins in July and culminates with the United States Open in New York.
Overall, the story of junior high schoolers and middle schoolers in America offers up a perfect illustration of what social scientists call a “self-fulfilling prophecy effect”: Adults regarded the youngest teens and tweens with distrust and distaste, and the kids gave them their worst.
It will then firmly have the advantage.
Before each game, the girls rev themselves up, chanting, “Field field field.” “Hockey hockey hockey.” The Danvers Falcons desperately want to win and they will go to incredible lengths to do so — seemingly ignoring traditional methods like practice.
2) “Aerosols” are much smaller, lighter particles, which can hover or drift in the air for much longer, often wafting like an invisible cloud.
Now, it’s nothing to do with flour or beans, root vegetables and canned fruit, but I’m thankful at night these days for John D. MacDonald and his Travis McGee, in particular this week for “Bright Orange for the Shroud.” I’m always thankful for Longreads, this week for alerting me to this old-school men’s magazine profile of Dwight Yoakam, by Alex Pappademas.
From Afghanistan and Europe to Africa and Latin America, Iranian proxies — once latent — can stage asymmetric attacks against American and allied targets without warning.
In fact, you might want to consider carrying a gun, he’d say.
But even with sophisticated face-mask sensors in the lobby, temperature checks and touch-free elevator rides, it will be well into next year before most workers are back at their desks and the center of global finance begins to feel like its old self again.
And we won’t let it go on much longer, by the way, because you know they’re supposed to police their own town.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
“I’m thrilled that ownership introduced me to this program,” she said.
“Things that might be necessary to stabilize their life are pretty intimate,” she said.
Now the Dolphins hope that Tagovailoa redeems them.
She walked with confidence, loved peanut butter like me.
“We’re all in dorm settings,” said Ms. Boswell, who was among more than 1,300 female prisoners moved to Deer Ridge Correctional Facility in Madras, Ore. “Everyone is crammed in.” An arthritis drug that suppresses the immune system may slightly improve recovery times in severely ill Covid-19 patients, the drug’s makers announced on Monday.
While walking through the garden, the artist would sometimes pick out a specific vegetable that she wanted for dinner.
“I like to describe my music as a constant search for truth,” Kakoma said, occasionally flashing her distinctive collection of rings.
Ms. Sohn has said that the only channels for information are Zoom meetings, and that emails to the administration and the parent-teacher association, which has expressed a desire to remain impartial, have largely gone unanswered.
“It doesn’t work.” He said the shape of Spinosaurus also appeared too buoyant and prone to tipping over, unlike the wider bodies of crocodiles.
This year’s jury was led by the British actor Jeremy Irons, and included the American filmmaker Kenneth Lonergan and the French-Argentine actress Bérénice Bejo.
But the provisioners refused to flout park rules and bring booze.
Why would a second term as president put his lenders in an “unprecedented position”?
Calls seeking comment on Wednesday from Mr. Lozoya’s lawyer were not immediately returned.
Italy appears to be facing shortages of ventilators and intensive care unit beds.
But Frame Home is undeterred by the extra red tape and is planning its next project, a 17-unit rental at 118 Waverly Avenue in Clinton Hill.
Mr. Trump said the infrastructure improvements would be funded by government bonds purchased by investors, a plan liberal economists had pushed for.
“Durante más de cuatro décadas, hemos estado luchando arduamente para obtener la que ha resultado ser la protección más complicada, la del empleo.
Created during the political unrest of the 1970s, his art ruminates on loss and endurance.
Hundreds of years ago center field was the mouth of what was called Mentipathe or Cromwell’s Creek.
Precision Castparts “continues to aggressively use the Schulz brand in the market, even as it demands return of the purchase price,” Schulz Holding said in a statement.
Un número significativo de independientes y algunos republicanos podrían comenzar a ver el mundo de manera muy distinta en las próximas semanas, dijo.
Mr. Brandt knocked on people’s doors for a living, so why not knock on this one?
During the event, Mr. Trump cited Mr. O’Brien, who had served as the U.S. government’s chief negotiator for the release of prisoners and hostages abroad.
Tax cheating is not a victimless crime.
Mr. Castigador went to the Philippines to help his wife recover from an emergency cesarean section.
In Brazil, China’s embassy bitterly complained last month when President Jair Bolsonaro’s son, Eduardo, called the crisis China’s Chernobyl, after the Soviet nuclear disaster in 1986.
Your lockdown streaming efforts were already so successful.
Dimas Tadeu Covas, the director of Butantan, said that he was impressed with Sinovac’s preliminary results and that the vaccine “has the greatest potential for success.” He cited results from Sinovac’s Phase 1 trials that showed no adverse effects and Phase 2 trials that showed 90 percent protection against Sars-Cov2.
“It does figure in my plan,” Mr. Biden replied, before referencing legislation proposed by House Democrats that called for immediate forgiveness of $10,000 in student-loan debt as part of a pandemic-relief bill.
Being born in L.A, the Lakers were always the team being played on T.V, and watching Basketball I fell in love with the game, and seeing Kobe Bryant on the Lakers and how he played and changed the game, I looked up to him, he was my idol, and seeing that he’s passed with his 13 yr old daughter which was going to carry his legacy is so devastating to me.
The Fox News host Tucker Carlson has made similar arguments, falsely claiming in an interview with The Atlantic that the Potomac River has gotten dirtier “and that litter is left almost exclusively by immigrants.” The month before, he asked why environmentalists want to let refugees into the United States: “Isn’t crowding your country the fastest way to despoil it, to pollute it?” It is not hard to see why such ideas are making a comeback.
On the chance these suppliers might deliver, officials made quick agreements involving a used car seller, a shoe importer, a military consulting company, an old acquaintance of the state’s health commissioner, and even a company that sold sex toys along with medical devices.
“This is a garden for them, and we need to change that.” Government authorities and security experts say the problem will get worse before it gets any better.
For parents who don’t live in one of those states, writing out a co-parenting agreement can help.
You may want to read the New York Times opinion article “We’re Reading the Coronavirus Numbers Wrong” by John Allen Paulos.
After a few more blocks, she said she needed to use the bathroom and headed off.
Another would-be candidate, Sergei Tikhanovsky, a popular video blogger and former businessman, has also been arrested and accused of having ties to Russia, notably through a Kremlin-linked oligarch.
Some experts initially thought that Brazil was well equipped to cope with the pandemic, based on its track record during past public health emergencies.
Even though FIFA, soccer’s governing body, has provided guidelines for extending agreements between players and clubs, there is the threat of legal challenges by players and agents who are out of contract or who have agreed to move to other teams for more lucrative salaries.
Amazon’s Jeff Bezos, another visionary chief executive, has not needed multibillion-dollar compensation packages to motivate him as he has led his company to become a dominant force in the American economy.
Sixty-nine of the newly reported deaths occurred in Hubei Province, the heart of the outbreak, the authorities said, but there were also four deaths outside of the province: one each in Jilin, Henan, Guangdong and Hainan Provinces.
I’m a middle-school teacher, and this book has been a tremendous labor of love, and represents a chance that might not come again.
There are no bigger supporters of the current tax system than the exemplars of the American dream: middle-class and upper-middle-class families living in large homes, with multiple children and employment-based insurance.
I forgive you the Port Authority, yes, even that!
I ran my first (Marine Corps) marathon at 63 and have since run the Wineglass Marathon in upstate New York twice.
LOS ANGELES — I turned 24 last month.
Last April, Nance traveled to England after the Cavaliers’ season ended to watch five Premier League matches in five days.
That’s when Mr. Sanders is hoping to pile up delegates while also inflicting symbolic blows on his opponents by winning in some of their home states, including Ms. Warren’s Massachusetts and Ms. Klobuchar’s Minnesota, both of which Mr. Sanders plans to visit before March 3, according to aides.
There’s total confusion about the guidelines.
Also, Emma Woodhouse is good for social distance: She shows how to make the most of severely circumscribed circumstances, and how to make peace with the fact that, despite how hard you try, you can’t bend the world to your will.
Which three writers, dead or alive, do you invite?
What it demands though is not just recreating events, but rethinking them entirely.
“We put her on a limit.” Ms. Schlafer had only been “a little concerned” about the virus.
An accomplished Lincoln scholar, he indicts the 16th president for waging an “undeclared, unlegislated, unlitigated and largely unchallenged war” on newspapers during the Civil War.
News, or media, literacy — how to critically understand, analyze and evaluate online content, images and stories — is not new.
The police later charged him with doing just that, after finding him at Sulphur Mountain, a tourist attraction.
I have this finishing gel by Vientti.
— and stab yourself in the leg with a fork.
We know that many teachers are already doing projects that relate to our theme.
Several are focusing on the fact that it’s a short-term sacrifice, because the recent news about highly effective vaccines suggests it will be safe to gather next holiday season, if not sooner.
But having them together in one festive menu gave us time to linger at the table, enjoying companionship and discussing the complex challenges we face at this moment in time.
‘BROADWAY PLAYHOUSE: STEPHEN SCHWARTZ’ at Merkin Hall (March 1, 11 a.m.).
These are edited excerpts from that conversation.
Chan School of Public Health.
A number of current members of the group did not respond to requests for interviews or declined to speak, citing concerns about privacy.
It’s a fascinating topic — one that highlights how a law of numerical probability applies to classical music, social media and tax fraud, or how a shipwreck laid the ground work for weather forecasting and cloud computing.
Their efforts saved many government man hours.” But other officials described Mr. Kushner’s efforts as the solution to a problem of the president’s own making.
“Much like a dysfunctional family that avoids addressing uncomfortable issues out of fear of opening up a can of worms,” Dr. Lilienfeld wrote in a 2017 paper, “we have put off this difficult discussion for too long.
Mr. Justice, the state’s richest man and the owner of the Greenbrier Resort, has faced calls to resign from fellow Republicans, federal investigations and lawsuits against his companies.
Strangelove.” It was sufficiently popular in Germany to inspire six sequels.
“I always resented that Eugene O’Neill already had my best plots,” he told The San Francisco Chronicle in 2002.
It’s how we know our vaccines are safe and efficacious.
The loyalty that friendship entails doesn’t compel you to abandon values you hold dear.
The mock drafts largely have a rapid run on receivers beginning as early as the 11th pick by the New York Jets.
Until 1908, Leopold ran the Congo Free State as a venture for personal profit.
OK, there’s this woman with a lot of makeup and this gigantic nose” — the makeup artist gave her two, over her own.
Beneath the shade of a tree, each child will have their own wooden pallet, a cloth covered hay bale with a hard drawing board for a desk, a soft mat and buckwheat pillow for seating.
Some scientists suggested that since they had found mostly large males in Swartkrans and mostly small females in Drimolen, the size differences could be chalked up to sexual dimorphism, or the physical differences between males and females seen in species, like manes in lions.
“In my heart, I feel certain that Alissa is gone,” Ms. Turney said.
With a 10-year age difference, there’s not much we can talk about.
This was his task; he succeeded.
The other was sent here to destroy Washington institutions.
In the early days of the outbreak, Singapore was highly susceptible to a large population of mainland Chinese people arriving during the Lunar New Year holiday.
“Some of my students have learned how to play the guitar online or took up knitting during the pandemic.” Such activities show admissions officers that students see the challenge of the pandemic as an opportunity to broaden their skills or create something new — such as making masks for front-line workers or organizing a food drive — rather than see learning as something fixed by their schools.
Will dentists have access to enough N95 masks and other forms of protective personal equipment?
My home is frozen wasteland where top food is beets?
(NYT) • Ray McGuire, one of Citigroup’s top deal makers, has reportedly taken further steps toward a run for New York City mayor.
His outlook used to be so dark that Mr. Charles, one of the original writers of “Seinfeld,” said that if he thought he could get away with it, Mr. David would have put out contracts to kill people.
Our reviewer, Dominique Browning, called this study of “the ways humans and trees interact,” by a former trustee of the Royal Botanic Gardens, “exquisite.” THE TRUTHS WE HOLD: An American Journey, by Kamala Harris.
Even so, overall activity remains well below its level before the pandemic, and the path ahead remains highly uncertain.
“These are clearly people who have a political message and who, through a militant act, want to engage with public opinion.” He explained that the defense team would use the precedent of a member of the protest group Femen who was acquitted on a charge of sexual exhibition after she bared her chest in a wax museum and attacked a statue of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia.
Over all, ridership and revenues have fallen by nearly 90 percent.
A number of stores on Cobargo’s main street were flattened, and dozens more homes in the area were lost.
He challenged Mr. Perdue and Ms. Loeffler to be more vocal about overturning the election.
Prom was up in the air.
The Constitution requires congressional districts to be apportioned “counting the whole number of persons in each state,” using information from the census.
Males can grow up to six feet tall and weigh up to 2,000 pounds.
Now, Ms. Ruiz is working out at least four times a week, thanks to a video game.
He has since set franchise records for rushing touchdowns in a season with 16 and total touchdowns with 21.
He added that reopening too quickly could trigger “an outbreak that you may not be able to control,” leading “to some suffering and death that could be avoided.” Dr. Fauci and other officials, including Dr. Robert Redfield, the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, noted that the U.S. still lacked critical testing and tracing capacities.
Nel frattempo, alcuni governatori regionali hanno ordinato autonomamente alle persone provenienti dall’area appena chiusa di mettersi in quarantena.
This pandemic was a natural systems event.
Isolated from the physical world, people sheltering in place under coronavirus lockdowns are seeking new depths of connection online.
She was told she had schizoaffective disorder.
Some have been selling off their inventory in events that strongly resemble fire sales.
This shows you how dangerous this is,’” our colleague Richard Fausset, a correspondent based in Atlanta, told us.
Today, many people at the bottom do not see there’s any social mobility for them.
It was around this time that David Geffen was starting his own label and looking for talent.
It was just something that I felt was very important.
His fund published a report in May on why it thinks the shares of Empire State Realty Trust are overvalued.
Career incentives are similarly bifurcated.
Berkeley and has reported all over the state, including the Bay Area, Bakersfield and Los Angeles — but she always wants to see more.
“There’s got to be someone who goes into the fire first,” said Mr. Tate, a truck driver from Toms River, N.J. “Once enough people see it’s OK, they’ll come back.” As cases of the coronavirus surge in states that reopened earliest, New Jersey forged ahead Thursday with its plan to allow casinos in Atlantic City to begin operating for the first time since March 16.
He said he had also heard from “everyone who had a phone-pinging program,” and that digital tracing may be integrated into the state’s program later, but that human outreach was critical to reaching people without an easy way to isolate themselves.
Here are the latest updates and maps of the pandemic.
Nick Muscari, a 38-year-old restaurateur in Lubbock, Texas, received one.
This week’s theme was provided by one of the most avid critics of the protests, a recognizable type in the human landscape of 2020 — the frustrated young man spending too much time on the internet and tweeting his addled worldview from his parents’ basement.
And hopes that a new vaccine could be authorized by Election Day — which Mr. Trump has relentlessly pushed for — faded after the Food and Drug Administration released updated, stricter guidelines for vaccine developers.
Benjy Renton, a student at Middlebury College in Vermont, has a data-journalism-driven approach to national higher ed news.
Mr. Cornish’s relatives were denied entry into the courtroom.
After Jeezy offered up a likely inevitable duet of “Icy,” with each man dancing happily and performing his verse at a distance, Gucci Mane plugged a joint appearance at a local nightclub, with little regard for the raging coronavirus.
The Times article did not say whether Vice President Mike Pence had been briefed.
The holidays, for many people, are about creating a sense of cheer and wonder with bright lights and special gifts.
He looked straight at the sky, spread out his arms and started to laugh.
Your baby may be referred to a follow-up development clinic at the hospital where he’ll be checked out once every few months for up to two years, depending on his needs.
Cineworld, the parent company of Regal Cinemas, announced that it would temporarily close all of its theaters in the U.S. and Britain.
[crowd laughs] God did not design — design it for that much, but it, you know, look, we did a lot of them.” [applause] “It’s going to be a big red wave coming in today.
But if you look at his policies, there’s no question that A.O.C.
“We were like, we’re never going to find out if this guy even likes lasagna,” Jones said in a conference call.
You know these are strange times when Easter Mass ends with ‘Be sure to like and subscribe.
How foolish can we be?
They flew several hours to Delhi on March 18.
And this guy is clearly more resilient than even some of his supporters, even some of his inner circle believed he was.
This one couldn’t figure out an escape route — but it did find a hole in the fence to duck into after the filming ended, Mr. Alexander said.
“We know sometimes people will get better and then worse,” Dr. Mulligan said.
This is true off the pavement, too.
For me, the visit was a flashback to a childhood I had forgotten.
With cases soaring, doctors, nurses and other front-line medical workers across the United States are confronting a dire shortage of masks, surgical gowns and eye gear to protect them from the virus.
Do you get dressed every day?” Corinne: “All good questions.
Now the $45 billion industry is facing a huge challenge in the coronavirus.
“Not because of anything about Chris Miller personally, though it’s a highly unconventional choice, to be sure.
Before joining the Bucs in 1986, she had earned a master’s degree and a doctorate in mental retardation research from Columbia University, and she had been an instructor at the University of South Florida College of Medicine, as an education specialist focusing on child psychiatry, from 1982 to 1986.
Now and again, I’ll visit a co-worker who has an obviously struggling plant.
[SPEAKING ITALIAN] During an interview, Italy’s health minister, Roberto Speranza, warned that loosening the restrictions too soon would, quote, “burn everything we’ve obtained until now.” In the U.S., the virus is now spreading to Midwestern cities like Detroit, where there have been at least 35 deaths and 500 police officers are now under quarantine.
“God sent us Donald Trump,” Tuberville told them.
The layers of identity and story in this memoir, however, and Som’s fluid approach to representing the self, feel impressively easy, unbelabored.
Accusations of fraud might motivate spiraling political thefts.
Worry about what you can control and make choices with the knowledge you have when you cast your vote.
Strict labor laws and powerful unions make it difficult to lay off workers and cut costs.
Thomas J. Campanella teaches city planning and directs the Urban and Regional Studies program at Cornell University.
Cliff Albright (@cliff_notes) and LaTosha Brown (@MsLaToshaBrown) are the co-founders of the Black Voters Matter Fund.
Elementary School and take a right onto Jefferson Davis Highway, and a gray spike will begin to rise in the air.
Q: “How do you know that we’re not still practicing?” A: Form fingers in the shape of a gun and point at viewers.
How does it see or navigate the space around it?
And within 10 minutes, our tent was burned.
The proximity of design sketches to actual cars in the museum gallery helps make that connection.
That was unusual: President Bill Clinton dedicated a memorial to Franklin D. Roosevelt, President George W. Bush dedicated one to World War II, and President Barack Obama dedicated one to the Rev.
Sooner or later (sooner, please God), quarantine will end and we will again be faced with the demands of our go-go culture, perhaps more than ever.
He wrote that Teva wanted the White House to help get the company’s hydroxychloroquine supplies out of India and to permit Teva to coordinate with rival drug companies to make and distribute the drugs.
On my usual walk, I pass these brownstones along 120th, typical of Harlem architecture in its incredible variety of styles: Queen Anne, Romanesque, neo-Classical.
Senator Dianne Feinstein, the Democrat from California, lobbed this softball to the prosecution: “The president’s counsel stated that ‘there is simply no evidence anywhere that President Trump ever linked security assistance to any investigations.’ Is that true?” This was followed by an equally loaded query from Senator Mike Lee, Republican of Utah.
“I believe Joe has all the qualities we need in a president right now.” Mr. Obama offered a preview of how he plans to pitch Mr. Biden, less as a traditional stand-alone candidate than as the standard-bearer for a larger Democratic coalition bound by decency and competence.
We go on walks and take him for aimless car rides.
By releasing the letter as late as they did on Sunday, they guaranteed that the British papers will cover it on Tuesday, which is the queen’s 94th birthday.
And the prevalence of cholestasis can vary widely — in the United States, studies suggest it ranges from 0.32 to 5.6 percent of the population depending on one’s ethnicity and genetic makeup.
Most of Lee’s neighbors were men who had come to Chinatown seeking work either as bachelors or after leaving their families behind in China; in 1910, historians have said, the gender ratio of Chinese men to Chinese women in America was more than 14 to 1.
Murthy también recomendó que las personas traten de formar un moai, que en japonés significa grupo de apoyo social.
[Joe Biden has won the 2020 U.S. presidential election.
Boochani and the other detainees hoarded their cigarettes for weeks to barter for phones with the detention center’s local employees.
Every single person is living a completely different life than they did eight months ago and people handle changes and pressure differently.
It seemed to be a spectacle without meaning, which made me feel shame.
But King, who won the cup seven times as a player, has been a great player and great campaigner: spearheading the founding of the Women’s Tennis Association and World TeamTennis and pushing for equal rights and equal prize money.
But for many Democratic voters, the hours of televised arguments in the impeachment trial have faded into the background — just another ripple in the flood of chaos they see streaming out of Washington.
“I can’t do the things I used to do.
Those links have at times made it a useful friend to the United States, such as when it brokered the release of three American hikers jailed in Iran in 2011.
Lana Price was living in New York in 2015 and losing enthusiasm for dating when it struck her that she and her friends, who also reported lackluster attempts at romance, should try a new approach.
A las 20:57, conforme los acordes del himno de la Liga de Campeones suenen a todo volumen en los altavoces del estadio, los jugadores mirarán hacia las gradas —casi vacías— mientras mantienen el distanciamiento social: un metro entre cada futbolista.
Inside the church, he said, the man cut the 60-year-old victim’s throat so deeply that she was almost decapitated.
By contrast, women in the former West Germany have struggled to break from traditional gender roles, with men working and women staying home to care for the family.
Some estimated in March that fewer than 500 would die over the course of the pandemic.
In Costa Rica, the government decreed a state of emergency that included closing its borders.
Trump left Sessions, yes, but there seems about the candidate a dim unease that his country may have left him, too.
Sudan’s interim ruling council, composed of civilian and military officials, is now seeking to shake off decades of diplomatic and economic isolation.
I’m trying not to ‘borrow trouble,’ but there is definitely validity to accepting grief for what has been lost.” The virus has even altered nature’s very seasons, effectively canceling summer as if it were any other public gathering.
If the student body does not, you know, party or engage in any activity as dangerous, then we’re going to be fine.’” But the movie night set a different tone.
And then the challenge is how fast can you make them.
But liberalism, like any storied philosophy, has its difficulties and points of contention.
After you do it so much, you’re like, “Eh, I just want to make new things.” That’s why the Hirshhorn chose me.
Currently home to the school’s Maison Française, Buell Hall (just steps from Amsterdam Avenue near 116th Street) is a relic of an institution called the Bloomingdale Insane Asylum, which occupied this site before Columbia.
When I first came to Singapore, a European friend who already lived here told me I would love this place.
Even at the height of the Arab Spring, Mr. Mubarak used softer language and struck a more conciliatory tone, said Ahdaf Soueif, an Egyptian writer and activist who was recently arrested for participating in street protests in Cairo.
Pre-pandemic, I had to make a point of holding at least one evening per week in my calendar to stay home and recharge.
That the city doesn’t have their backs.
The online retailer MTailor relies on scans using smartphones to make customized shirts, suits and jeans.
Our cities and suburbs have not been methodically planned for this likely uptick in package-delivery vehicles, e-commerce transportation hubs and warehouses.
It doesn’t help that the woman cooks at 8 p.m., later than normal dinnertime.
“It almost feels like, I don’t know.” She paused as her voice broke.
Deals • Neiman Marcus is said to be planning to file for bankruptcy protection.
Because Dr. Fauci is a career civil servant, his job is not in jeopardy, and it is unlikely that Mr. Trump can completely exile him, given his emergence as the government’s most credible voice on the pandemic.
“There are no words to express the shock and sorrow many of us are feeling,” the spokesman, Ariel Rubin, said on Monday.
had said, ‘Look, you need to hang around,’ I would have sat tight.
New job postings on the employment platform ZipRecruiter fell in June after rising sharply in May.
But the landfill was so badly done that the buildings they built on it sank into the mire.
Andrea Young, the executive director of the A.C.L.U.
But some speculated Mr. Pompeo had meant to write Belarus, which borders Ukraine.
Para vencerlos, necesitarás otra máquina.
The coronavirus itself was a regular part of late-night programming beginning in late February, when Trump put Vice President Mike Pence in charge of the White House’s response.
In recounting the German terrorists’ attack in his interview with Rutgers, General Kroesen said he had never experienced trauma from it.
Another got a 10 percent cut.
And we should maybe be start thinking about how we would adapt our policies if this really catches on.
That said, he talks of the devastation to the family when a child is born with severe, untreatable abnormalities.
Typically, prosecutors would decline to open investigations into older leaks of classified information because the passage of time makes such cases much harder to pursue as the memories of witnesses fade.
The Australian Strategic Policy Institute has contacted Thermo Fisher and Forensic Genomics International asking for comments on our report; neither company replied.
Travis is standing by the driver’s side of the truck, armed with a shotgun.
When he moved in, Seidman purchased some of Didier’s antiques, and his most treasured possession now sits in the upstairs study: an 1870s Wooton writing desk with an elaborately carved built-in network of cubbies that can be turned around and hidden with a swipe of the hand.
I was not alone in wondering what to do about my surgery.
Also on Wednesday, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints announced that the public would not be allowed to attend a major conference in Salt Lake City in April, an event that normally draws thousands of people.
“I talk to Theresa a lot about this: Who do we want to be on the other side?” she said.
Mr. Murphy, who said he had been in contact with President Trump on Friday — the day the president commented on reopening houses of worship — said on CNN that “bad factors,” including lack of ventilation and close seating arrangements in houses of worship needed to be considered in determining when they could open.
And the personal protective equipment we had was gloves, a gown, two masks.
Forty-three neighbors signed a letter opposing the project.
“You don’t get a passport.
Two weeks ago, his parents instructed him not to come this year, citing the government’s advice.
“The good thing about the cozy trend is it gives us permission to have possessions and clutter,” Ms. Weir said.
I, like Joe Biden, am proud of all of my friends and family who are in recovery.
They included well-dressed young white men in expensive boots carrying hammers and talking about torching buildings.
The Trump and Biden campaigns were sifting through early vote data to try to figure out which potential supporters had yet to cast ballots, so they could target them during last-minute get-out-the-vote efforts.
Levels of the MERS virus peak at seven to 10 days from symptom onset, and those of the SARS virus peak at Days 10 to 14.
In the largest criminal case so far, nine people in Florida and Ohio are accused of paying kickbacks to recruit participants in what was essentially an assembly line for fraud.
Jay Inslee has warned that a mandatory stay-at-home order — halting all but essential business — may be extended well past April 6.
On Thursday, many critics of the plan suggested that opposition to the project and its diminished viability, not the pandemic, lay behind the decision by Sidewalk to quit before Waterfront Toronto made its final decision on whether to go ahead with the plan in late June.
Last July, the day after Mr. Mueller’s congressional testimony seemed to lower the curtain on a more than two-year drama that had imperiled the Trump presidency, Mr. Trump was on the phone with President Volodymyr Zelensky of Ukraine asking him to assist the attorney general in an investigation “to get to the bottom of” how the Russia investigation began.
On that note, the Korean director Bong Joon Ho’s “Parasite” also picked up six nominations.
Or consult Wirecutter, a product recommendation site that’s owned by The New York Times, which recently updated its guide to meditation apps.
There is a grandmother whose family took false comfort in a negative test.
Usually, co-ops use maintenance fees to cover general operating costs and use special assessments to pay for specific one-time expenses, like a new boiler.
Now, however, the Trump administration’s fury with China is a pillar of his re-election strategy — and that of many Republican lawmakers.
Heat your oven to 450, and line a sheet pan with foil.
A deal with Buckingham Palace, which included giving up their royal titles, became official on March 31.
Is there anything you think we’re missing?
Should the number of Covid-19 patients rise, filling beds in area hospitals, the relationship between the Medical Alert Center and the Mercy will have already worked out how to handle the load.
it described as using both liquid and solid fuel.
Get the latest updates here, plus maps and a tracker for U.S. metro areas.
Illustrated by Rachel Katstaller Gertrude Stein and Alice B. Toklas aren’t the most obvious subjects for a children’s biography: Despite her own substantial body of work, Stein is remembered mainly as a curator and goad to others’ talents, and Toklas mainly as her muse and helpmeet.
They almost broke the streak late against the Rams.
“It turns a bucket list into a plan.” Theirs started with Vietnam and Cambodia last year.
Each episode of the podcast features an artist taking apart a song to explain how it was made, and the band Semisonic breaks down the end of the dive-bar standard “Closing Time.” “I admittedly went into it thinking, ‘So you’re going to try to tell me this song means something?’ And I was kind of blown away,” Lind tweeted.
I’m a professor of the University of Milan and the head of the respiratory unit of the Hospital Papa Giovanni XXIII of Bergamo, which is a town close to Milan.
Drafting a routine to entertain 102 million viewers, with extreme technical precision?
Fletch Trammell, a Houston-based lawyer who said he represented 5,000 claimants who declined to join, disagreed.
Its latest project is inspired by the idea that design objects are built to actually be used, a principle that has been embraced by Swedes at large.
But in his decision, Justice Neil Gorsuch wrote that what the ruling meant for religious institutions specifically was a question “for future cases.” Brian Clark, a retired professor and a member of the parish council, said the council was preparing an open letter to the Archdiocese to express its dismay.
If the science supports a 14-day quarantine, the C.D.C.
Mr. Irawan, the spokesman, said that Mr. Prabowo recognized the United States’ “critical role in maintaining peace and stability in the Indo-Pacific region” and that the trip was aimed at “exploring how our two militaries can work together in the future to ensure our mutual interests are protected.” “America is an important country,” Mr. Prabowo said before his departure.
The first launch, a test flight without any astronauts aboard, was already not scheduled to occur before 2021.
It’s in the compilation’s opening track, “Children of Tomorrow’s Dreams,” by the radical Black drama troupe Theatre West, its age-of-Aquarius message of change carrying across a hypnotic, Rhodes-driven flow.
“Why did you come back Wuhan?
We want to hear from you.
McMaster University in Canada had listed him as an assistant professor on its website, but on Monday, the university said that while Dr. Alexander had received his doctorate there, he was not on the faculty.
in order to expand coverage and reduce costs rather than replace the A.C.A.
Don’t miss the homemade hot sauce.
At work, they’re under pressure from older and younger colleagues, and stress builds up.
This time, none come to me.
“And I’m sure there are judges who are going to wonder, ‘Can we credit what you say, or is D.O.J.
We want to hear from you.
As women we’re more aware of the broader points.” Among them: “Just getting rid of Harvey Weinstein isn’t going to fix the problems.”
We see other universities, like the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and they have decided they’re going to test every student twice a week.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention mobile app has broad information about Covid-19, as well as a link to a “Travel in the U.S.” page that addresses the risks of traveling now (be it the risks to different people, or the different risks of various types of transportation); provides questions to ask yourself if you’re considering traveling; touches on state and local travel restrictions; offers guidance for protecting yourself and others, as well as tips for cleaning and disinfecting your lodgings; and answers frequently asked questions about the safety of camping, and of traveling to visit family and friends.
Only one of the homeowners is named in the Monument Avenue suit: Helen Marie Taylor, 96.
The consequences are going to taint the rule of law and the process of checks and balances for the rest of time.
“The best-known socialist in the country happens to be a millionaire with three houses,” Bloomberg sniffed, referring to Sanders, who has residences in Washington and Vermont, plus a vacation place.
So many people have been dying at home that the medical examiner's office has turned to teams of soldiers working around the clock to pick them up.
Masks were available to those who asked for them, but weren’t required.
We’re all poor around here,” Mr. Nathews had joked.
But with the proliferation of streaming services, entertaining furry companions has gone high tech.
Try This By Katherine Cusumano Poppy Cosyns has been making ambitious desserts, from swooping meringues to what she describes as “kitschy cupcakes,” since she was a teenager, but it wasn’t until her 20s, while working at a London bakery, that she learned to ice cookies.
Carrie McKean (@MckeanCarrie) works and raises her family in Midland, Texas.
“Watchmen,” arguably the show of the season well before the George Floyd protests underlined its relevance, a one-off season from Damon Lindelof of “Lost” and “The Leftovers.” I was also glad to see a nomination for “Unorthodox,” which I loved but was afraid was too quiet to get notice.
Around his neck was a rope.
The result: Banks quickly started imposing new conditions, such as refusing to deal with new customers, leaving many businesses bewildered, frustrated — and unable to get the money they desperately need.
If they were pared down, edited and orderly, my memories would be, too.
Despite political pressure and potential subsidies, the firms appear hesitant to reverse these moves and further disrupt their supply chains.
Tom Turnipseed, who after working on the presidential campaign of the segregationist George C. Wallace in 1968 took a 180-degree turn and became a prominent champion of civil rights, died on March 6 at his home in Columbia, S.C.
Seoul, South Korea Hath, a business that was established only last December, had intended to debut this fall in Italy and Japan (where it had good retail partners and where there is a top-tier market for fine jewelry) — but 2020 had other ideas.
“Racism exists in every walk of life no matter where you go.” Pat Bonanno, a lawyer representing the union that Mr. Quirk leads, said in a letter sent to Mr. Johnson that the union “condemns in the harshest possible way any instance of insensitivity, racially animated or otherwise, on the part of any member of the association.” Mr. Bonanno denied the allegations raised against the union and its leaders, calling them “inaccurate and defamatory.” As part of the review, Mr. Johnson and his team interviewed nearly 300 people throughout the court system, including many Black and Hispanic lawyers who recounted incidents of bias.
The move was a bid to capitalize on unrest in these cities ahead of the November election.
“Genuine affection from 10,000 miles away.” This spring, as the novel coronavirus became a global pandemic, the Chinese government started sending out care packages to Chinese students abroad, distributed by its embassies and consulates.
Su inspiración, dijo, fue la inconcebible cantidad de horrores que ocurrieron este año.
The worry wasn’t just for myself.
After the June primary in New York State unraveled under a mass of problems, elections officials immediately issued a plea: To stand any chance of handling the five million absentee ballots expected on Election Day, far more state funding would be needed.
He also lost his appetite, which was equally shocking, because food remained a spring of little joys for him, even when everything else seemed pointless, painful and confusing.
Instead, in the years after the war, the Nazis blamed Jewish treachery for the country’s defeat.
continues to investigate Flynn, but very little is heard from him for a number of months.
He was dropped from the program, his mother said.
There was an amused confidence that attracted his followers, along with his rhetorical genius and love for Black people.
And we have to thank the media industry for that.
The problems begin right from the film’s verbose opening, in which Kyle (Liam Hemsworth), a drug runner, delivers a voice-over monologue about lacking a “philosophy of life.” There’s a lot more talk after this, as Kyle is dispatched on an interstate errand with a fellow cog-in-the-machine, Swin (the movie’s director, Clark Duke).
It was a week of downbeat pronouncements and grim economic data that had investors focus on the dire challenges facing the American economy.
“I’m going on no sleep and a bunch of exuberant excitement and I think I was out of line now that I read my text back I apologize,” he wrote, adding that he “valued” the woman and wanted “to issue apologies again for my tasteless statements.” The woman responded with a lengthy message in which she discussed their work-related disagreement and then said of Mr. Janicek’s text: “As a woman who stands up and beside other women, I can’t just pretend this didn’t happen.
We scheduled a date, on a Sunday at 4 p.m.
“What’s the big deal?” he often said.
The internet tells me stress can do that.
“I had never held a baby before.” By the time of the accident, Lilly was calling Mr. Dreher Daddy and Mr. Dreher was introducing her as his daughter.
I took one step forward, and then another, when I noticed that my jaw was no longer so sharply angled, as fat had settled on that part of my face and turned what was once a line into a shallow curve.
Conor McPherson’s script and direction made it clear that the harm people do to one another is always new, if never news.
Barahona introduced me to a gravel-voiced 33-year-old Cuban man named Reydel Sarria-Gondres, who had been in detention for more than a year while waiting for an appeal of his asylum case.
Small businesses — those with fewer than 100 workers — still employed more Americans, combined, than companies with at least 1,000 employers: The economy was also performing better in the late 1990s than it has been lately.
Another taboo Chinese citizens are pushing back on?
The blue wave is African-American.
“While here, the hijackers effectively operated without suspicion, triggering nothing that alerted law enforcement,” he said.
The Justice Department didn’t want the fight to take place on Voting Rights Act grounds.
He had undergone brain surgery in recent weeks and also tested positive for coronavirus.
Tone indicators are paralinguistic signifiers used at the ends of statements to help readers fill in the blanks.
Trundling out of Texas in our 15-passenger van, pulling an R.V.
He finished his bachelor’s degree in Hebrew and comparative literature at Tel Aviv University in 1963 after he had begun teaching there.
I am a 28-year-old copywriter recovering from seven months of unemployment.
In it, Morril cracks wise about becoming an accidental hero in the #MeToo era, the many varied reasons he prefers the city to working on the road, and even a joke about his mother worrying about him touching a dead pigeon.
Ian Sadler, a psychologist at Columbia University Medical Center, gently dismissed Meagan Wilkinson’s fear that she would damage her mother by not hugging her.
All of it comes as colder weather in much of the nation will force people indoors, where the virus is known to spread more readily; as college semesters end and students return home; and as gatherings for Thanksgiving, Christmas and other holidays threaten to sow new outbreaks.
“That person would have to contaminate their own hands (for example, wiping their nose), touch and contaminate the package, and then we would have to touch the package in the same place and then rub our nose or eyes,” Dr. Williams wrote in an email.
The giveaway aimed at mothers was an early precursor of a consumer-influence technique known today as “targeted marketing.” The mothers who received the “Baby Friend” freebies, however, did not know that the formula contained alcohol and morphine sulfate, ingredients that could be poisonous to babies.
My body has a thin blue thread of electricity coursing through it.
She depends on nature to survive but never takes advantage of its gifts.
Close students of election law and procedure are warning that conditions are ripe for a constitutional crisis that would leave the nation without an authoritative result.
“The issue is how to scale.” A key Per Scholas strategy has been forging close ties with companies.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
“‘Defund the police,’” she remembered.
It said that Black households were a $1.4 billion revenue opportunity and that few of Netflix’s top 100 shows, popular across other groups, were resonating with Black audiences.
“I’m holding on to what’s going on,” she said.
To the Editor: Michael Bloomberg should fund a PAC, a series of scholarships or some other effort with the primary goal of getting young people actively involved in liberal politics at every level.
Trillions of dollars of debt lie just beneath the surface of China’s financial system, much of it off the books in transactions undertaken by the largest shareholders of banks like Baoshang.
Alguns arqueologistas e etnobotânicos pensam a floresta como uma paisagem engenhada, um imenso jardim, resultando de milênios de interações humanas com fauna e flora.
: Besides the fact that we try really hard to already keep things gender neutral for the most part, it doesn’t matter to me what the gender is.
“They were expecting that she would be like a crazy woman,” said Emmanuel Pierrat, a lawyer and author who had watched Ms. Halimi try several cases.
Because Revel mopeds do not exceed 30 miles per hour, the state does not require users to have a motorcycle license.
In fire departments, units with strong cultures of care had fewer accidents and fewer health problems.
The album is expected to open at No.
He tried to upgrade the properties, but it became harder to do as supply chains faltered.
Another unusual aspect of Covid is that people sometimes develop pneumonia without realizing how sick they are.
Across the country, college classes have migrated to online learning platforms.
Bank notes are made of cotton pulp, not wood fiber, but still: Why sanitize money and not mail?
I’ve finally settled on his epitaph: “Donald J. Trump, too cool for the coronavirus.” This is more than a failure of empathy, which is how many observers have described his deficiency.
Those findings and others were released after an investigation by Democrats on the committee.
For instance, Cabeleira, the columnist, is convinced that Gerard Piqué, who remains the cornerstone of the team’s defense, will be a candidate for Barcelona’s presidency and that Xavi and Puyol are likely to return, too — Xavi as a coach and Puyol as his sporting director.
Its Republican representative was Duncan Hunter, who resigned in January after he pleaded guilty to charges that he used his campaign coffer to finance a lavish lifestyle.
“If there is no stimulus, we’re going to have to make extremely difficult choices,” Mr. de Blasio said.
“America is a great country with a fantastic army,” he said after the coup.
The White House and the Treasury Department had previously refrained from imposing sanctions on Chinese officials responsible for the camps for fear of jeopardizing the chances of reaching a trade deal, though last year the Commerce Department blacklisted eight Chinese companies whose products have been used to surveil Uighurs.
Allstate Insurance, which reported surging profits in August, is laying off 3,800, part of a broader overhaul the company first announced last year.
This article is part of the On Tech newsletter.
An official in one neighborhood told the magazine Caixin that he did not know whether to send all residents in his district to the hospital or invite doctors to come to the neighborhood.
The state’s caucuses often come down to the wire, but with the polling picture in flux and the impeachment trial slanting the playing field, this year’s contest is especially uncertain.
But this is an average, and not what happens in reality.
Mr. de Blasio warned “the Jewish community, and all communities” on Twitter that violations of social-distancing rules could lead to summonses or arrest.
I appreciate you doing this.
Everyone is frightened of being left behind.
bought nearly 300 new subway cars three years ago as part of a $600 million contract.
He held one workshop with fellow civil society members after the Taksim Square protests to reflect on the events but otherwise returned to what, by then, had become his main passion: helping improve the lives of children age 6 and younger.
“I’m calling on Attorney General Chris Carr to appoint an independent district attorney in the case of Rayshard Brooks to ensure Georgians have complete confidence that this case is devoid of any and all political influence,” Mr. Collins said.
Bush called Mr. Callejas “a longtime friend of the United States” in a joint appearance at the White House that year.
A spokeswoman for Guitar Center said the company had “increased the frequency of store cleanings, with particular focus on instruments and in interactive areas.” Joann has closed about 70 of its 860 stores, leaving some employees concerned about their and customers’ health.
The powerful need to be held accountable.
“I’ve been a professional cyclist for almost 10 years, and for the whole period, I’ve been very goal-focused,” Morton said.
But as Robert Shiller, the Yale economist, pointed out in The New York Times recently, you might have to wait a long while.
Parscale’s business relationship with the Trump family began in 2011, when he submitted a bid to design a website for some residential real estate properties owned by the Trump Organization.
Most other countries have a similar process.
Wedding receptions will be also allowed for up to 30 guests, providing they are socially distanced.
“He has inordinate strength,” said Carol Balick, a longtime family friend whose husband hired Mr. Biden as a young lawyer.
“We have, we’re leaving, draw your own conclusions,” he declared.
Sept. 29 Ghor Province: one civilian killed One civilian was killed when a roadside bomb planted by the Taliban exploded in the village of Awlad-e-Khairullah in Dawlat Yar District.
This is “The Daily.” Today: It’s been more than a month since the coronavirus descended on New York City’s hospitals and on Brooklyn Medical Center, where the vast majority of patients in critical care have the virus.
[The Los Angeles Times] If you missed it, Elon Musk talked to Maureen Dowd.
“The Biden supporters don’t like to come out as Trump supporters do,” Mr. Sherback said.
We may feature your submission in the Coronavirus Schools Briefing.
It took eight runs, but his team left a grueling week in Utah with a land speed record of 229.363 m.p.h.
He annoyed me and embarrassed me all the time by bringing it up because I didn’t see it as a big deal at all.
“To the doctors there, his travel and exposure history did not seem to indicate the likelihood of exposure to coronavirus,” said a health care provider with direct knowledge of the case.
Follow us on Twitter: @nytrealestate.
She’d been hired to decorate the Young Fellows Ball at the Frick, a Gilded Age mansion turned museum she was planning on adorning with her vibrant arrangements.
Long before makeup or millinery or jewelry, our first adornments were plants and flowers, and our love for them was — and is — universal.
Si me lo permiten, diré que es infantilización.
Casting doubt on their credibility and knowledge of the electoral process, Judge Timothy M. Kenny noted that the witnesses had skipped an information session that may have answered many of the questions they raised.
Most of the country’s largest clusters have emerged in nursing homes, prisons and food processing facilities — places where social distancing is difficult or impossible, and in some cases where shutting down because of the pandemic was not an option.
Regan, described by her mother as the “overweight, thoughtful daughter,” fantasizes about killing her husband.
The Corps had not yet decided where the temporary hospitals would be, but General Todd Semonite, the Corps’ commander, said that candidates included empty hotels and the Javits Center on Manhattan’s Far West Side.
“It’s me,” Ms. Cates recalled saying.
In Mexico, no stranger to mayhem, a 36-year-old author worries about her relatives in New York.
The network regularly accounts for roughly half the overall cable news audience for Mr. Trump’s briefings.
Dr. Gelman said her contact tracers were sometimes stymied in their efforts in the community.
But, he added: “I’m not sure how much Trump desires to make his moon landing announcement a reality.
Gavin Newsom of California on Monday addressed a state besieged by wildfires of staggering scale and spread, assuring residents that “we’ve deployed every resource at our disposal” as the number of active fires grew to 625.
And then you’d have to go and use the toilet, but you couldn’t flush it.
The language used in the email to Ms. Martin “was flat out wrong,” Mr. Diamond wrote.
No matter that foreign journalists spread the American story to the world, or that more than 12,000 foreign doctors training in American hospitals are providing critical services in a time of pandemic, or that foreign students are bolstering American universities, or that foreign workers fill important vacancies.
The disconnect between Mr. Trump’s exuberant comments and the project’s more modest expectations was the latest example of the president exaggerating, overselling or making wholly inaccurate statements about his administration’s response to the virus, even as facts on the ground contradicted his rosy assessments of progress.
Facing a surge of discontent at home before an election on Aug. 9, particularly over his handling of the coronavirus pandemic, Mr. Lukashenko is playing on anti-Russian sentiment to hold on to a 26-year reign — accusations he once would have directed at the West.
At the very least, if you’re run down already, crouched in your office in your bedroom or reading newsletters while waiting in line at the bank, feeling those top-of-the-week blues, promise yourself a big Bad Day at Work cocktail in a couple of hours, courtesy of Jennifer Steinhauer and Helene Cooper, two great mixologists in our news bureau in Washington, D.C. Thousands and thousands more recipes are waiting for you on NYT Cooking.
“When the virus changes its method of attack, we must change our method of defense,” he said.
Can you explain, sir, though, what is the evidence that it has a preventative effect?
A “hard” royal exit: Prince Harry and his wife, Meghan, are losing their “Royal Highness” titles, state funding and other privileges in their agreement with Buckingham Palace — conditions much more severe than the couple apparently expected.
Yeah, because when you finally go outside, you have a six-pack but no one there to appreciate it.” — TREVOR NOAH “That’s the only thing Trump cares about, the stock market.
Gavin Newsom, in a joint statement with Gov.
Ms. Ardern has pointed to an increase in the minimum wage as evidence of her government’s commitment, but generally, the legislation her government has passed worked around the edges of the economy.
I will not return to the classroom in September, which makes me extraordinarily sad.
Starting in a few weeks, these angry women will cast ballots for the presidency.
Gig companies should provide pay for workers even when we can’t work.
An ambitious new study out of India offers important insights for resource-poor countries, which have suffered an overwhelming majority of coronavirus cases, but have received relatively little scientific scrutiny.
I could go on, really crazy, but — There’s a lot of face recognition algorithms out there, and a lot that work pretty well.
When the pandemic is finally history, we’ll need to deal with all of this: the staffing shortages, low pay and lack of accountability — the many ways we have failed residents, family members and staffers.
Two people close to Mr. Johnson said his comment stemmed from the fact that the new uniforms of the N.F.L.
“Observations of Saint Laurent at work and in love give way to panoramic, intricate surveys of the world of commerce and culture in which he suffered and flourished.” STATION 19 8 p.m. on ABC.
People’s health and lives are on the line.” Ms. Bradshaw rejected the notion that Tennessee was a decisively red state.
Pakistan’s largest missionary organization, Tablighi Jamaat, went ahead anyway with its annual gathering in mid-March, bringing together more than 100,000 people near Lahore, a major city in the northeast.
That’s not going to be attractive to him.
The new registration figures may be even worse than they sound.
Is there anything you think we’re missing?
And at a time when life did not offer us any concrete answers, that was a comfort.
At the same time, Senators Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren have vowed to end the federal charter schools fund, accusing charters of draining resources from traditional public schools.
It was the first time in 16 years that left-leaning parties ​secured a parliamentary majority, as South Koreans expressed their support for Mr. Moon’s government, which has won plaudits for bringing the epidemic under control​.
Targets include Adidas, Lacoste, H&M, Abercrombie & Fitch, Ralph Lauren and the PVH Corporation, which owns labels including Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein.
The prime minister also proposed an economic recovery plan tied to dealing with climate change and other environmental issues as well as adding one million new jobs.
More than 10 million students in China began taking the multiday gaokao on Tuesday.
$14 MILLION 21-23 Catherine Street (at Henry Street) Manhattan This 21,258-square-foot building in the Two Bridges neighborhood was built in 1900.
Stocks inched higher on Wednesday as investors started a new quarter on a cautious note, balancing tentative signs of economic resilience and a steady climb in coronavirus cases in the United States.
The money has hardly been enough to meet the need, though.
[The Best Books of 2020: View our full list.]
I hope you enjoy the puzzle!
Finalmente, frustrada por el lento ritmo de la investigación, la policía decidió permitir que los medios informaran lo que sabían.
“The show must go on and the world must go on,” said Roberto Cicutto, the president of La Biennale di Venezia, which runs the festival, in a phone interview, adding it was important “to watch and to discuss movies together, to live this art the way we used to live it.” Films in contention for the festival’s top prize, the Golden Lion, include Chloé Zhao’s “Nomadland,” produced by and starring Frances McDormand as a woman living as a nomad after the recent recession; Mona Fastvold’s “The World to Come,” starring Vanessa Kirby and Casey Affleck, which explores the love between two farmers’ wives in 19th-century America; and “Pieces of a Woman,” a family drama directed by Kornel Mundruczo and starring Shia LaBeouf.
A brief filed by 70 civil rights organizations supports the Hosanna-Tabor approach but warns that without the limiting principles of the chief justice’s opinion, even “a line thrown into a job description” would suffice to “insulate the employer from civil rights claims.” The brief notes that “women overwhelmingly pay the price of the ministerial exception” given that teachers in religious schools are overwhelmingly female.
Running alongside these darker moments were terrific highs, which Jacobs, who has inherited his mother’s disease (along with his father’s ulcerative colitis), confessed he half loved.
“A presidential election sees the largest percentage of infrequent voters,” said David J. Becker, the director of the Center for Election Innovation and Research, a nonprofit organization working to promote public confidence in elections by making them better run.
Every day, I would order the same thing — a bialy with cream cheese and a large coffee — from a counterman who never said a word.
Please send them to nytcanada@nytimes.com.
Originally scheduled to be released next month, the film is now set to be released a year later, on June 18, 2021.
Bernie Sanders did not do a whole lot better with black voters in South Carolina this time than he did four years ago.
The indictment features some of the same allegations as the lawsuit, which was filed in New York in February.
Around 600 Montgomery County students live within the delivery footprint.
Senator Doug Jones, Democrat of Alabama, had climbed her rickety front steps.
“The risks of a rebound in domestic infections are ever-present,” he said this month from the Communist Party’s compound in Beijing.
Kevin C. Cox/USA Today Sports, via Reuters Devin Booker and the Suns went on a wildly fun winning streak in the bubble.
Tents along the Turkish border, which is sealed shut against refugees, hold an average of nine people each, an International Rescue Committee survey found.
“Los estadounidenses probablemente nunca hayan visto un avispón tan grande”, dijo, y agregó que “algunos podrían desmayarse”.
Although our president doesn’t deserve the nickname “Trump of the Tropics” (not even that!
• It was Errol who told me the story of the boy who found the watch in the field.
Thinking was no longer for understanding.
We also know, not just from 1918, but from — Michael Osterholm at Minnesota has looked at eight influenza epidemic since, I think, it’s 1763.
Beyond that, the factory producing seat backs for the stadium’s premium section closed.
Out of all children aged 10 to 18 treated at the hospital’s emergency department, 16 percent screened positive for suicidal thoughts in September, an increase from 6 percent in March, according to Jacqueline Grupp-Phelan, the chief of pediatric emergency medicine at the University of California San Francisco.
Él o ella heredará una población que envejece rápidamente y relaciones complicadas con las dos principales economías del mundo, China y Estados Unidos, que a la vez están enzarzadas en una amarga disputa comercial entre sí.
You, age 47, marry a man, age 65.
Within hours, against the advice of a handful of Republican senators, Mr. Trump also dismissed Gordon Sondland, the ambassador to the European Union.
The Russian vaccine produced mild symptoms in a number of subjects, the most common of which were fevers and headaches.
So I think that most Iowans do know our outsized import, in the sense that if a candidate does well here, it’s a launching pad.
Ms. Smith’s art — sculpture, performance, poetry — is framed by the fact that her father began a life sentence for murder when she was 10.
The first dress rehearsal for this battle was the 2018 midterm elections, when the Justice Democrats put its muscle behind nearly 80 Sanders-like insurgent candidates to target House seats, many of them held by less liberal Democratic incumbents.
The wonderful score seems underserved.
If named to the role, Ms. Warren would emphasize Main Street over Wall Street, push for higher taxes on the wealthy and promote spending over fiscal restraint, experts say.
Outdoor tie-dye parties and evening games of ghost in the graveyard ensued.
“Oakland County is going to be a blood bath for the Republican Party, it’s that simple and that blunt,” he said.
“Ricky, you keep saying this is your last year hosting,” Soria said.
They argued that, just as Mr. Trump welcomed interference on his behalf from Russia in the 2016 election and then sought to thwart a federal investigation into the matter, he solicited Ukrainian assistance in the 2020 contest and then obstructed Congress’s ability to investigate.
When I searched databases for women’s actual statements on “believe all women,” what I found were appeals by women not to be defined in universal terms — “I do not believe all women are born with the desire to reproduce” or “I don’t believe all women’s interests are the same” — and outrage at attempts to categorize their sex.
Kaiser estimates that this problem affects one million people each year.
But biocontrol and pesticides can be expensive and virtually impossible to deliver at the scale of millions upon millions of trees.
Also, be sure to turn on Zoom security settings, like meeting passwords, to prevent unwanted guests from Zoombombing your sessions.
Fue reportera de temas generales y editora del Times y reportera de The Record en Nueva Jersey.
In the first of two episodes on her life, we charted her journey from her formative years to her late-life stardom on the Supreme Court.
[Read: Battered at the polls, pro-Europe Britons gird for the next fight.]
Alexa Vance, vocera del Departamento de Justicia, cuestionó el informe preliminar y dijo que el Departamento de Seguridad Nacional refería casos para procesarlos.
“We need their talents to help start new musical projects to present to our patrons and the larger world,” the orchestra’s statement said.
The ’60s also brought a sense of egalitarianism in team uniforms.
In Wuhan, people gathered at their windows to shout “Wuhan, jiayou!” which translates to “Keep fighting, Wuhan!” A business owner packed 200 meals for medical workers, while a villager in a neighboring province donated 15,000 masks to those in need.
Lawrence KaplanArdsley, N.Y. To the Editor: Now that John Bolton, the former national security adviser, has announced that he will testify if subpoenaed by the Senate in its impeachment proceedings, it is up to Mitch McConnell to subpoena him.
Mr. Biden has notably framed climate change as one of four simultaneous crises facing the nation, along with the pandemic, the economic downturn and the reckoning over race and policing.
And that may be why matter won over nothingness, our Science desk’s cosmic affairs correspondent, Dennis Overbye, explains in an essay that also mentions the engines of the Starship Enterprise, cites a number of Nobels and calls humanity “the beauty mark of the universe.” U.S. presidential elections: Senator Elizabeth Warren endorsed former Vice President Joe Biden, the latest in a string of prominent endorsements for the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee.
But you also see a lot of libertarian rhetoric — a lot of talk about “freedom” and “personal responsibility.” Even politicians willing to say that people should cover their faces and avoid indoor gatherings refuse to use their power to impose rules to that effect, insisting that it should be a matter of individual choice.
Our answers may be different, but they are always actionable; they are ends around which we and our inner circles and our doctors can make critical decisions.
The Braves traded for Martin, Melancon and Shane Greene last July, and General Manager Alex Anthopoulos signed Smith to a three-year, $40 million contract as a free agent last fall.
Some moved back home with their parents or leaned on their still-working spouses; some enjoyed a temporary boost in their weekly income when the federal government added a $600 supplement to unemployment benefits.
Just three weeks ago, family and friends did their best to comfort my six siblings and me via videoconference as we mourned my mother, Sylvia.
That tends to target people with ethnic names.
People familiar with its finances, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said one prominent contributor was Ms. Powell Jobs.
Instead of engaging in constant chatter, his group connects via live chat tools such as Webex and Symphony.
Taken in and raised by the Kiowa tribe, she is later removed by soldiers, and a traveling veteran, played by Hanks, agrees to bring her to a surviving aunt and uncle.
“We are not the land of the free and the home of the brave individually, but their individual actions have profound impacts on the collective.
Things happen and people are going to be particularly overwhelmed — both financially and emotionally — by this crisis for quite some time, Dr. Wherry said.
Year-end fund-raising figures his campaign announced on Wednesday reported a door-busting $24.7 million haul in the final quarter, and more than $76 million for the year.
“Seeing yourself in political leaders only goes so far,” Ms. Geye said.
“It’s quite an exercise in epidemiology — so critical that it’s really important to do,” said Dr. Schindel, a co-founder of aMoon, an Israeli venture fund that invests in life-sciences start-ups.
If they had a drone circling up there our great Secret Service — I think our Secret Service would be who are the bad guys and who are the good guys?
“They may be entitled to their own fears, but they’re not entitled to their own facts,” she said at a recent hearing.
[Read our profile of Kamala Harris, the first woman elected U.S. vice president.]
You’re not doing anything to get applause or recognition.
This is now a national phenomenon that this economy is going to be very badly hurt.
Because the federal government determines which states are in greater need, governors and hospitals executives preparing in advance for the worst have complained that FEMA was effectively commandeering their personal protective equipment, or P.P.E.
But remarkably, more than a fifth of Republicans say that Arizona Democrats are more conservative than the national Democratic Party.
“In 2016, if 18- to 24-year-olds had voted in the same percentage as the rest of the population, there would have been 5.2 million more votes,” he said.
If there were a TV show that portrayed your family as a clueless bunch of snobs and philanderers who helped drive a mentally fragile young princess to despair, would you watch it?
Nonetheless, we were wrong to alter the image.” In a reflection of the country’s highly polarized climate, the National Archives and other agencies that are usually seen as inoffensive have provoked criticism in their handling of records and photos — and in their efforts to avoid controversy.
“He was the difference between the Stranglers and every other punk band,” Hugh Cornwell, the group’s founding singer, said on Twitter.
Dr. Anne Schuchat, the principal deputy director of the C.D.C., warned Americans that there would be more infections.
He criticized those who may still be leaving their homes for social reasons and issued his own command: “Stay home unless it’s necessary to go out.” The stricter requirements were coupled with an unusual loosening of other rules around the nation.
The militia denied involvement in the rocket attack.
An ingenious Ferris wheel and roller coaster hybrid built by Italian, Irish and Russian immigrants three years before the construction of the famous boardwalk its park adjoins, the Wonder Wheel was the jewel of the showy, boomtown Coney Island that rose along the newly widened beach in the Roaring Twenties.
Since then, the United States has vastly ramped up its testing capability, conducting nearly 15 million tests in June, about three times as many as it had in April.
“It is the perfect opportunity to remind the country how proud we should be to be represented during this big American event,” she said.
While parts of the airfield burned and some Americans who were there returned fire, roughly a dozen members of a Marine Special Operations team from Third Marine Raider Battalion based at Camp Lejeune, N.C., led the American counterattack, alongside several of the Kenyan Rangers they had been training and accompanying during their deployment.
“These women are the first Black women singers I heard,” she said.
But that didn’t seem fair to Barbara.
Ms. Schiphorst noted that most dance artists use the computer to work out ideas they’ve already formulated, not to generate new ones.
I favor a respected leader that can effectively communicate his/her intentions while taking into accounts the welfare of their subordinates.
The third death linked to the Diamond Princess cruise ship long quarantined in Japan was reported, as the number of confirmed cases reached 634.
The flame trees blaze with vermilion flowers, and the frangipani’s fragrance is at its most intense in May, before the monsoons move in.
I now have three children, ages 12 to 20.
The platform appeals to some journalists partly because the news media business has been in steady decline.
“It still impacts any nonprofits whether you’re essential or not.” The group submitted an application the morning the small-business process opened, but it has yet to receive a loan, which Mr. Staver attributed to larger corporations flooding the program.
Mr. Zokaei, an Arabic and Persian speaker who was on holiday in Iran, had been with BP for the past 14 years, according to his LinkedIn profile.
While eating out, I’ve found myself closer to other diners than I would have liked.
You glance at the headlines, just before going to bed on a Saturday evening, to discover your town has been put in lockdown.
A detainee population that reached more than 3,700 last month is down to 106, with some of the system’s 65 centers now shut, officials said.
to escalate its proxy conflicts in Libya, Syria and Yemen.
El movimiento político dominante en Argentina ha sufrido mutaciones constantes, desde el neoliberalismo cleptocrático de Carlos Menem al socialismo demagógico de los Kirchners, y en todas sus variantes ha resultado frustrante en su ineptitud.
It is unclear whether people — even while watching movies in well-sanitized theaters with limited capacity — will feel safe from the coronavirus, the spread of which rose to a worldwide high on Sunday, as measured by new cases.
8:30 a.m.: Even the crew doesn’t know what we’re doing as we race across runway after runway to who knows where.
My mother flew down to pick us up and when she arrived in her traveling clothes, which in those days were nice clothes, some of the relatives came out to greet her.
During law school at Yale, he commuted home to volunteer for the fire crew and helped Mr. Booker navigate a fiscal crisis.
Are These Sports Safe?” by Devyn of Academy of St. Elizabeth, Morristown, New Jersey.
And with nearly three decades passed, memories of staff members from that time have grown hazy.
Slick ads on social media offer less of the guns-and-grunts messaging of decades past.
She and her husband are both underemployed, careening toward bankruptcy and strained by the demands of parenthood.
Project Gutenberg also has thousands of free books that can be read on a computer or sent directly to your e-reader.
Over and over, Facebook sees hints of what people do online, and then takes those cues to transform its apps and strategy.
In one sense, the election once again highlighted the persistent divides within Israeli society.
She was inspired by Chinyere Adogu, an Instagram influencer who posted a photo of her own elaborate picnic.
The Federal Reserve on Monday also indicated it would allow banks to be flexible with customers if they fell behind on loan payments because of virus-related disruptions.
And on Thursday afternoon, Mr. Cuomo obliged, ordering an end to all gatherings of more than 500 people.
“But he’s been successful in a lot of the other areas you need to win at golf.” It is the other pivotal golf skills that will be most scrutinized this week at Augusta National, where daunting, undulating greens have historically been the chief challenge.
He got lost outside at night.
(Lance Armstrong has one, Haroshi said.)
Benzema, in other words, should have had nothing to prove.
As I got older, I couldn’t understand this cookie madness.
“We should not let our foot off the gas because it’s very important that we ask tough questions.” For decades, his drawings have addressed official malfeasance of all kinds, as well as terrorism, migration, religion and climate change, and now, of course, he is focused on the disease sweeping the world.
About a dozen states tentatively returned to public life on Friday, the first mass reopening of businesses since the coronavirus pandemic brought America to a standstill six weeks ago.
“I don’t want a traditional model of rushing from bell to bell, from subject to subject.
officials placed the two men under surveillance in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, in early January 2000 and learned that at least one of them later flew to Los Angeles, the agency did not alert the F.B.I.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
And though some executives are concerned about burnout as working from home continues, they are enjoying the gains for now.
Georgia Democrats chose their state party chairwoman to replace Representative John Lewis on the November ballot.
He became even more irritated over the weekend when the mayor contacted him repeatedly about a late-night block party in the Bronx, the officials said.
On May 14, the country singer — known for songs like “She Thinks My Tractor’s Sexy” and “No Shoes, No Shirt, No Problems” — announced that he was postponing his entire 2020 “Chillaxification Tour.” Chesney said he felt he had no choice.
FRIEND Between us: You’re allowed to feel underappreciated without gilding the lily.
But they want both a better police force and enough police officers to protect their kids and their streets — not either the present unreformed police or a disbanded police department and an uncertain replacement.
American Airlines has slashed flights between the United States and Europe as cases rise sharply on both sides of the Atlantic.
Taking the stage to accept her nomination before some 2,000 delegates in an auditorium on Chicago’s West Side, Bass — who would receive endorsements from civil rights luminaries like Paul Robeson and W.E.B.
That same season, I ordered a ham and pineapple pizza at a diner in the Everglades and ended up sharing it with newlyweds who were in town for the fishing.
Over the last four years, late-night viewers have clearly favored Mr. Colbert’s anti-Trump monologues over Mr. Fallon’s fun-and-games approach.
Days before schools are set to open in Britain, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said on Wednesday that it would be “clearly nonsensical” for students to wear face masks in class.
Haaretz said it had obtained portions of both officers’ testimony to investigators at the Justice Ministry’s police-misconduct unit, which staged a re-enactment at the scene late Wednesday night.
To stay afloat, and distract from gloom, operators have gotten scrappily creative.
You can already see the effects of this law.
“They managed this balance between playing and social activism at a time when the rest of the country was in a 1960-ish summer mode.” But when the pandemic subsides, what will endure from 2020 in sports?
He recruited her to help him campaign for elections that would lead up to independence.
Tell us in the comments, then read the related article to learn more about this couple and their daily ritual.
Three origin-unknown flapper dresses from the 1920s, beaded to within an inch of their glittering seams, matched only in their lavish surprise by three elaborately printed velvets of the same era — two capes and a column — by Maria Monaci Gallenga, so plush you can practically stroke the weft with your eyes.
New York City’s St. Patrick’s Day Parade, the largest such celebration in the world, was postponed.
Though supported by a star-studded cast, “The Peanut Butter Falcon” truly features Gottsagen — who also has Down syndrome — in a breakout role, Glenn Kenny wrote in his review for The New York Times.
“That term became our little thing,” said Captain Dungan.
We have been cooperating with the cosmic masters to send out energy through our spiritual energy radiating equipment.
[The financial impact of parenthood is immense.]
Giant shuttered its Chinese plants after coronavirus infections started spreading quickly in the country, and it kept them closed for a month and a half.
Other researchers contested their findings, saying that the analysis overstated the likelihood of such an earthquake.
But Republicans across the country were successful in holding off well-funded challengers in a number of key races.
Restaurants: People are encouraged to use pickup options for food and avoid eating in restaurants.
“You must stand, you must fight.
I’m quite happy with all of it.
Black and Hispanic women are more likely to have larger families, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of census data, as are women with a high school diploma or less.
“There’s a tremendous ripple effect,” Smith said.
Bethany Groff Dorau, a writer and historian in Massachusetts and regional administrator for Historic New England, is the author of “A Newburyport Marine in World War I.” Modern Love can be reached at modernlove@nytimes.com.
The very existence of the film in 1943 was transgressive, initially generating an enthusiastic response from Black audiences, but it still trafficked in crude stereotypes, eliciting a protest letter from the N.A.A.C.P.
While thoroughly refuted, the theory of the sugar high endures as a topic of ongoing investigation.
The wealth created by each boom — flowing chiefly to an elite circle of venture investors and lucky founders — outlasted each bust.
Yet the latest meeting of the Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party, held in late October, suggests that Mr. Xi is stronger than ever.
“For this and other provisions, we are still awaiting language from the administration as negotiations on the overall funding amount continue.” “I do hope we will have an agreement soon but, as you say, they keep changing,” Ms. Pelosi said on MSNBC.
Lake and Trumbull Counties in Ohio are suing the chains on two fronts: as distributors to their own pharmacies, and as dispensers, whom the counties say intentionally fed customers’ appetite for opioids.
Public concern about the treatment of children in the facilities has grown in recent days, after lawyers reported unsafe and inhumane conditions in one border station.
It’s appalling, that this is where we are … that this is who we are.
The episode, written by a team of seven including the co-creator Michael Schur, leans into the philosophy that powered the series: That friendship is not just a nice thing that generates laughs but an essential ingredient of a functioning society.
In response, European leaders have belatedly embarked on a generational project toward “digital sovereignty,” mixing tougher rules against foreign tech companies with efforts to boost local innovation.
Here are some of the highlights from her manuscript: As a high school student in Queens, Ms. Trump writes, Donald Trump paid someone to take a precollegiate test, the SAT, on his behalf.
“For us, it would be unacceptable if another country had privileged access under a financial pretext,” Agnès Pannier-Runacher, the junior economy minister, told Sud Radio.
He’s on his way to Provincetown with the new busboy.
Si muchos de los republicanos más sobresalientes se hubieran salido con la suya, Trump no habría llegado al debate el domingo.
“The risk perception has gone from something very scary at the beginning to now something people are not worried about anymore,” said Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, director-general of the Nigeria Center for Disease Control.
But this is not that kind of movie — in fact, it’s not a movie at all, but a national tourism board commercial for a destination that’s already the world’s fourth-most-visited city, according to Mastercard, after Bangkok, Paris and London.
The subtle acknowledgment transcends language and borders and athletic ability.
And she suggested that a temporary system of “internet-based teleschooling” could replace traditional schools.
Double front doors open into a great room with large windows, a high ceiling, a gas fireplace and sliding-glass doors out to the deck.
Superman had returned, but he was not invincible.
This happened just four days after Ms. Wang’s recital, when the pianist Daniil Trifonov played a Bach program at Alice Tully Hall, devoted mostly to a magnificent account of “The Art of the Fugue.” He then gave elegant performances of three encores, wonderful pieces that were surely unfamiliar to most of us, including me.
But he also kept his cool and stood his ground, so that a night devoted in large part to wounding him probably left him with little more than a nick or two.
The judge who sentenced Ms. Circle Bear had said in court documents that her baby was due in early May.
That marriage ended in divorce.
These include the Chinese artist Sun Xun; Shahzia Sikander, an artist born in Pakistan who now lives in New York, and the Palestinian-American artist Jordan Nassar.
10 weeks on the market $365,000 list price 0% below list price Costs $1,162 a month in maintenance; $20 a month in special assessments Listing broker Julia B.
“As they were shaking your hand, they were also sort of doing this incredible sort of grief exercise.” The Scottish-born son of Irish parents, Mr. Toolis has become something of an expert on death in Ireland, having written a book on the subject, “My Father’s Wake: How the Irish Teach Us to Live, Love and Die.” The traditional community-centered wake in the home has remained a tradition in Ireland despite falling out of fashion in much of the West after the 19th century.
It has been only eight years since Dr. Doudna and Dr. Charpentier — now the director of the Max Planck Unit for the Science of Pathogens in Berlin — co-authored their first paper demonstrating the power of Crispr-Cas9.
To read more of our stories in Spanish, subscribe to our newsletter El Times.
Big Bend, best known for its sprawling national park and the artist town of Marfa, offers an extreme example of the danger playing out across the country, as the virus blazes more widely and furiously than ever before, driving deaths to levels not seen since the spring and thrusting many places into crisis at the same time.
“You should say her husband leaned over and said, ‘He’s a mensch.’ But it’s true.” In recent weeks, friends say Mr. Biden has approached his convention spotlight with a solemnity reflecting the nation’s distress.
“They’re going to be against whatever their parents are trying to get them to do; eating isn’t the only area where this is an issue.
The stock market reacts to rumors, and the Federal Reserve Bank may succumb to political pressure.
Cada mañana, como buenos hipocondríacos, nos buscamos en el cuerpo cualquier síntoma del nuevo coronavirus y si te dan ganas de toser te escondes para que nadie te oiga.
Mr. Bowen said he worried more about the pandemic’s effects on reaching infrequent Black voters, as normal canvassing tools like door knocking and registration drives become more difficult.
Republicans spent the first day of the proceeding charging that Democrats’ opposition to Judge Barrett reflected anti-religious bias, although no Democrat mentioned or alluded to her faith.
Ms. Koike’s main rivals for the governor’s seat tried to differentiate themselves by staking out positions on further delaying, or even canceling, the Tokyo Olympics.
“So when he heard the news he was thrilled, but his reaction was, ‘It’s like waking up from a nightmare.’” Ms. Grams’s family could not immediately be reached for comment on Wednesday.
Those included multiple settlement payments totaling more than $7 million and payments totaling more than $6 million for what regulators said appeared to be legal expenses for himself and for people the settlement identified as co-conspirators.
I love coming back on clay.
Wilfred Fequiere, 64, who lives in Queens and has driven a cab for 35 years, said he used to average a dozen passengers a day.
“Essential workers, teachers and everyone else who are always in harm’s way don’t have the luxury of choosing how to respond.
During the Kavanaugh battle, Republicans held a 51-to-49 advantage and could afford to lose only one vote, making every vote essential.
Their book is demanding, and at times difficult, but it is also an elegant and careful guide to thinking about personal and social economics, especially in a time of uncertainty.
Tony Isabella, who created Black Lightning, “had no idea he was inspiring me — literally inspiring me — to become a writer.” Mr. Ridley’s career includes writing for television and film, which earned him an Academy Award in 2014 for Best Adapted Screenplay for “12 Years a Slave.” But he is no stranger to comics.
She attends Crosstown High, a charter high school that uses a lot of technology in normal times.
Mom rushed to the hogan, where the brick foundation remained in the shape of a stop sign.
“I trust him to give me the best information possible.
Constantly referred to as the “King of the Negroes” by Brown, the famous orator turns out, up close, to be a self-important blowhard who lives with his Black wife and white mistress, gorges himself on sweetmeats and cognac, flirts drunkenly with the young Onion (whom he believes to be a girl) and behaves like a Shakespearean performer even in his own parlor.
“Never in modern history have we gone so many years without a military confrontation between the major powers.
I was too busy patching cracks on the hills of California.
But it has not held exercises of that size since, a NATO spokesman said.
Clanton is the wrong town for them.
What did having this project to work on mean to you personally during the pandemic?
“In the later phase, the immune system is no longer your friend — it’s responsible for the lungs failing, and dampening it down with steroids helps the situation and improves the chance of survival.” Other experts agreed, saying the study showed dexamethasone cannot be used to treat mild illness, or as a preventive.
His cavalier attitude toward the military has been on conspicuous display during the pandemic.
“We’re not going to get the money again.” The Corps says that its designs can be modified for higher seas, and emphasizes that it is not wedded to any of the five options it is studying.
That’s not surprising at all.
People who are willing to speak out about the government’s attempts to control news about the deadly coronavirus.
The article you read for this lesson ends with several practical tips about ways to help hungry New Yorkers — but most of the advice could work for any city or town.
Back then, it was a daring move for artists to occupy the building, and it was a political act, too: They wanted to convince the city government of the need for a dynamic local contemporary art venue.
Dine: If you’re heading out to a restaurant, you might want to review this list of warning signs and situations to avoid.
At the time, Mrs. Clinton made no commitment to renominate Judge Garland were she to win the presidency.
But the greatest resource in all of this has been other local governments that are in the same spot.
She pointed out that “President Trump has clearly tried to put the sole blame on China for the spread of Covid-19.” A second and closely related factor in elections is anger, a powerful tool for mobilizing the discontented.
The Daily Beast’s education and gender reporters are digging into health and medicine stories, Mr. Shachtman said.
Probably “Beyond Entrepreneurship,” by Jim Collins and William C. Lazier.
That would free Blue and White to appoint committee leaders and get Parliament up and running again, among other things to provide oversight to the Netanyahu government’s response to the virus.
Well, it’s pretty close to over at this point.
“GO PICK YOUR COTTON,” one participant wrote in the Zoom chat.
Mr. Chapek will be the public face of the company, but he is best known by the chief executives of the major retail chains, whom he got to know while serving as Disney’s DVD chief in the 1990s and when running Disney’s consumer products division from 2011 to 2015.
“If they do, we will paint again.” The portrait features Mr. Floyd’s likeness crowned by a flaming sunflower that contains the names of others who have died in custody or in encounters with the police.
We’d show up dressed alike.” In 2015, when Hendricks left Simon & Schuster after 20 years, Pekkanen went to her with a proposal: “I said, ‘Let’s write a book together!
When I see a picture it reminds me of that moment in time, and all the positives in my life at that point.
Igual que un primo en Bakersfield que era empleado en una Dollar Store.
He, too, had signed up fully aware of the health and financial risks.
He retained a partnership stake in Venable that was worth nearly $1.2 million and it paid him $200,000 in 2018, according to the couple’s tax filings for that year, the most recent one for which they have released their filings.
The excavation revealed 10 coffins buried in the same pit and an 11th nearby.
But let’s —” “Because she’s smarter than you, and that’s the obvious answer, right?” [laughing] “You remember the steak fry when we were waiting to go on?
“If we did catch the virus, I feel that we’re healthy enough to fight it.
But members of the current generation of Black athletes in the N.B.A.
#TheWeeklyNYT] Walt Bogdanich is an investigative reporter.
As Gina and Susanna came in they all turned, stood to attention and greeted them.
Some of my best memories of my current life revolve around conversation.
He lost — and two years later, in 2008, announced that he had reconciled with the Ortega government.
So if the market seems to be recovering faster than the rest of the country, it’s at least in part because of “the government’s policy of giving out free money,” in the words of the investor Leon Cooperman.
But “Chismiten” — with lyrics chiding about the pointlessness of jealousy — supercharges those elements with guitar distortion, showy trills and an ever increasing sense of urgency translated into propulsion.
In Dr. Hoekzema’s study, the white matter of pregnant women’s brains did not appear to be changed at all by pregnancy and new motherhood, while gray matter volume was reduced.
Everything was sealed.” Wearing a mask wasn’t a big change — because of the coronavirus, Mr. Moore’s workplace had mandated that he wear a mask for the duration of his shift.
No gasoline-powered high-performance car can be driven anywhere near as economically as the Tesla or Porsche electric.
I go to a gym.
Funny how we as a society seem incapable of moving beyond this issue.
“People still liked high-fat foods to the same extent,” after four months of training, Dr. Beaulieu points out, “but they wanted to eat them less, which we view as a favorable outcome.”
In September 1971, after years of mistreatment and months of simmering tensions, more than 1,200 of the 2,200 inmates at the Attica Correctional Facility in upstate New York took control of the prison in protest of its substandard conditions and openly racist corrections officers.
NEW DELHI — Born into a royal family that once ruled the kingdom of Rajpipla in India, he was raised in the family’s palaces and mansions and was being groomed to take over a dynasty that goes back 600 years.
After you listen, share your opinion with us at argument@nytimes.com.
Sign up for Love Letter to get a weekly dose of real stories that examine the highs, lows and woes of relationships.
Mrs. Clinton, who will speak against the familiar backdrop of her parlor in Chappaqua, sees her return to the spotlight as an opportunity to harness the powerful feminist movement that grew out of her loss and to eject Mr. Trump from power.
We want this to go away.” Students, read the entire article, then tell us: Are you anxious to have any of your family members get vaccinated?
But an estimated 90 percent of the cumulative deaths in the United States from Covid-19, at least from the first wave of the epidemic, might have been prevented by putting social distancing policies into effect two weeks earlier, on March 2, when there were only 11 deaths in the entire country.
Jun-ichi Takahashi, a researcher at Kyoto Sangyo University in Japan, said the species had earned the “murder hornet” nickname there because its aggressive group attacks can expose victims to doses of toxic venom equivalent to that of a venomous snake; a series of stings can be fatal.
But none of those presidential elections, which have excluded would-be opposition candidates like Mr. Navlny, has come close to being free and fair, leaving the Kremlin reliant on secret opinion polls to gauge Mr. Putin’s real level of support.
The engineer had for years worked on self-driving cars at Google before leaving to create an autonomous vehicle start-up in 2016 and then later joining the ride-hailing giant Uber.
Those are exactly the kinds of restorative moments a family retreat at summer camp can provide.
“I hope you never ever feel like you are in danger, that you always feel safe and strong.” Gary’s interview with Beecher is one of many that she conducts with Black women and girls in Harlem that day, asking those passers-by — who differ in age, ethnicity and spiritual identification — if they feel safe in their bodies, and in the world.
Dr. Fauci said in a brief interview on Friday that officials were having “intense discussions” about a possible shift to “pool testing,” in which samples from many people are tested at once in an effort to quickly find and isolate the infected.
Mr. Lobner said that even in an ordinary nuclear submarine, clearances in the battery compartment are so narrow that a routine inspection often requires shimmying through in a prone or supine position.
When California raised taxes under Jerry Brown, the right called it “economic suicide”; again, the economy boomed.
After the Chanel designer Karl Lagerfeld died last February at age 85, a rumor began to circulate: He had left his fortune, and a large part of his worldly goods, to his Birman cat, Choupette.
It’s that every aspect of its story and rituals now seems almost cruelly ironic.
But it remains unclear whether there will be the typical slate of floor speeches from Republicans looking to get attention for their own political futures.
Desde entonces, los funcionarios rusos han afirmado que podrían llevar la vacuna rápidamente a la etapa de fabricación.
Many more leave using ground transportation like trains and cars.
“As buildings erupted, thunderheads of pulverized brick, stone, plaster and mortar billowed from eaves and attics, roofs and chimneys, hearths and furnaces,” Larson writes.
“I think at some point it’s going to give,” Villareal said of their tenuous arrangement.
There is one important exception: If you think you are having a heart attack, immediately after calling 9-1-1, chew a regular 325-milligram aspirin or four low-dose ones in hopes of limiting the heart-damaging effects of a clot.
And be sure to check out our full assortment of free newsletters from The Times.
So how do you figure out what stock-bond mixture will work for your situation?
ROB BROWN We were perhaps pushing our luck.
“We have to protect the elderly population from Covid-19,” Tara says.
It prompted her to start Embrace Newark, a project distributing essential supplies to residents.
La capital del estado, São Luís, fue la primera del país en imponer un confinamiento estricto este mes, requiriendo que todos, excepto los trabajadores esenciales, se queden en casa.
Americans must resolve this crisis on their own.
“There was some comfort for me in this thought.” A self-portrait she painted after Freud’s death was done as both homage and severance.
For an institution where permanent collection displays once lasted, largely untouched, for 5 or 10 years, this pace was tantamount to warp speed.
She has been widowed twice, first at 26 and again at 71.
More consumers in the United States are turning first to Amazon to find products that they plan to purchase.
No reports have emerged of conditions in the facilities since the outbreak began.
She is uneasy about the way she and her friends are targeted; she takes measures to shield her family.
Similarly, Napa Valley cabernet sauvignon may have been inspired by Bordeaux, but the wines are not interchangeable.
When Ronald Reagan was president and quarreled in private with Paul A. Volcker, the Fed chair at the time, he appointed governors who voted against Mr. Volcker.
But more than anything, the Super Bowl is a big honking television production, and whatever else you want to say about Mr. Trump, he certainly understands the power of that medium.
At a news briefing on Thursday, W.H.O.
“Make no mistake about it, Biden’s government-run ‘public option’ is just another name for a government takeover of the entire health care system.” And although the Affordable Care Act has gained in popularity during Mr. Trump’s presidency, Republicans can still point to rising health care costs as a problem that voters want to see addressed.
Yes, it might be easier and even safer to permit only people with antibody certificates to re-enter society, but do we really want such a two-tiered society?
Hong Kong had begun to cautiously restart some previously restricted activities.
Since Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s death, Mr. Biden has studiously avoided echoing some of his fellow Democrats who advocate for deep structural change, instead broadly imploring Republican senators to “follow your conscience” on the court vacancy.
“There’s so much sadness and alienation right now,” she said.
My jest works with my students, I think, because even as it chides, it conveys that I’m on their side.
Individual property owners were motivated to upgrade by all the other reconstruction around them.
The pandemic is expected to depress in-person turnout at polling sites on Tuesday: More than 625,600 voters in New York City have requested ballots to vote by mail, giving well-run campaigns the opportunity to specifically target that pool of voters.
“She was going on as normal,” said her son, James R. Hagerty, until about a month ago, when she told him during a phone call that she had gone to a truck stop for breakfast.
We talked to sound designers, actors, voice artists and directors about what it takes to make the perfect bloodcurdling shriek.
So the biggest basis for your optimism is the fact that you believe we are just months away from an approved vaccine that will, in somewhat short order, be available to Americans?
People are taught to ​treat him as godlike.
The pandemic changed all that.
En este período cometí el error de insinuar en una publicación en Facebook que no se podía esperar que las personas solteras, especialmente las que vivían solas, pasaran una cantidad ilimitada de tiempo sin socializar o tener un contacto cercano.
Mr. Lopez, a 27-year-old Latino man, died two months ago in Tucson, Ariz. On Wednesday, video of his last moments was released, showing police officers restraining him while he lay face down, cuffed and naked in his grandmother’s house.
Still, many cruise lines are delaying their relaunch date even further.
“There may well be non-obvious ‘red lines’ in Hong Kong’s higher education sector that cannot be crossed without severe legal consequences,” she told them in an email seen by The Times.
“I was watching very closely,” Mr. Roberts, who attended the briefing, said on the air.
My order changes every time — pickles, cabbage, soup, pickled cabbage soup — but I always get the pelmeni, tortellini-size dumplings filled with pork, served in a squat ramekin, coated in melted butter and a splash of the cooking liquid.
In October 2019, Mr. Singer caught a lucky break when he spoke to Winnie Kurowski, a forensic chemist at the Acadiana Criminalistics lab, on the phone.
And it’s worth noting neither of them are white.
Watches & Wonders Geneva — the renamed Salon International de la Haute Horlogerie, best known as S.I.H.H.
He asked to remain anonymous.
There are subgroups of which I’m not a member.
“What we find most concerning is that it causes not just direct costs, but also indirect costs of lost operations,” said Herbert Stapleton, cybersection chief at the F.B.I.
He’s been at the bottom of national polls.
To do that, they try to sell assets to banks, stop investing so much in commercial paper and make fewer short-term “repo” loans to Wall Street banks.
Eilís Godfrey, 27, learned on Sunday night that the restaurant where she worked as a server in Los Angeles was closing its doors.
It’s beginning to feel a lot like 2003 again, with some of the same pundits and politicians who were in favor of a war with Iraq now repeating similar talking points about Iran.
So for Monchi, Sevilla’s sporting director — in charge of the club’s recruitment operations — there is still data to trawl and video to watch.
Modificaron los suelos, al aumentar su fertilidad y expandir la distribución de las plantas que necesitan muchos nutrientes.
While both sides have sought to avoid another conflict, the Israelis increasingly regard Hezbollah’s arsenal as one of the most potent threats to Israel’s security.
[Please do not listen to her.
In Lansing, Mich., a man who was unable to work shot himself after receiving a termination notice; his suicide note read, “They are playing God.” A 1982 Los Angeles Times headline, “Disability Purge Ruinous to Many,” captured the outcry that ensued.
It will extend the traditional 52-week rolling system to nearly two years, eliminate mandatory events and allow each player to use the better result from 2019 or 2020 at a given event.
Sutter, which has already received hundreds of millions of dollars in federal coronavirus aid, argued it needed three more months to decide whether it should try to abandon the settlement terms.
But since last week, protesters of varying economic status and religion have taken to the streets to voice their demands.
For more detail please see our privacy policy and our publisher's description of The Times's practices and continued steps to increase transparency and protections.
As other demonstrators pelted the vehicle, and a second police S.U.V., with objects from the street, the cars suddenly surged forward into the crowd.
All these awards shows have bent over backward to attract him.
“I feel like his platforms are more suited to my beliefs,” she said of the president.
(WSJ) Arrival, a British maker of electric vans, will go public by merging with a SPAC.
— The story of Russia’s attack on the 2016 election is, in part, a story of difficult choices, made inside the Situation Room based on imperfect information and incomplete intelligence.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
You can reach the team at briefing@nytimes.com.
Is there anything you think we’re missing?
But the justification the government gave, Chief Justice Roberts wrote, was insufficient or, in legal terms, “arbitrary and capricious.” He said the administration may try again to provide adequate reasons.
The open kitchen is under the loft and has white cabinets with granite countertops (including a curving section that doubles as a breakfast bar), twin sinks and Sub-Zero and Wolf appliances (including a full-size wine refrigerator).
That event kicked off a quest to find office equipment that would be a bit easier on my spine.
Among the documents is a letter from the Bronx Zoo director at the time, William Temple Hornaday, to the New York mayor, George B. McClellan, saying that the Black ministers’ objection to the display of Ota Benga was “notoriety-seeking” and not an attempt to address a “real grievance.” The letter to staff noted that Ota Benga ultimately took his own life after he was unable to return home because of travel restrictions during the First World War, calling him a “victim of the racism that robbed him of his humanity.” Mr. Grant, who helped create the zoological society, was a conservationist and eugenicist who wrote a book called “The Passing of the Great Race.” It argued that America’s greatness, built on the Nordic stock of its founders, was being eroded by immigrants.
John Roberts solidified his reputation during this past Supreme Court term as an idiosyncratic justice willing to vote with his liberal colleagues on some major issues.
On one hole at the Seminole Golf Club in Juno Beach, Fla., McIlroy flubbed a greenside chip so badly the ball dribbled only five feet away.
On March 19, California’s governor, Gavin Newsom, ordered residents to stay at home.
But it is not clear, Mr. Davis said, whether private employers will follow the city’s lead.
El día que recibimos un mensaje de texto diciéndonos que Jessika Loaiza estaba en trabajo de parto en Colombia, mi colega Federico Rios, fotógrafo, se subió a su moto y condujo 18 horas, a veces bajo lluvia torrencial, para llegar hasta ella.
Animation sequence - 1 Photo of ‘humiliated’ jews.
The virus’s ability to overwhelm capacity in Guayaquil so quickly can be seen as a warning sign for the region, said Jarbas Barbosa, assistant director of the World Health Organization’s Americas office.
Please,” Mr. Weinstein is heard saying on the recording.
In May, Mr. Flynn requested nearly $1.5 billion in emergency funds in addition to the $2 billion in annual funds that Amtrak receives from Congress.
On the night before I laid off all 30 of my employees, I dreamed that my two children had perished, buried alive in dirt, while I dug in the wrong place, just five feet away from where they were actually smothered.
“In some respects it’s going to feel very similar to previous years,” said Meredith McGinn, an executive producer of NBC’s New Year’s Eve program, which is hosted by Carson Daly.
La mayoría de los países en el continente americano, incluyendo a Estados Unidos, se han valido de los tribunales, en vez de los votos de la mayoría, para promulgar el matrimonio igualitario.
Two others indicated that they planned to keep the funds.
As the left (and the institutions that represent it) increasingly becomes an intellectual monoculture, it will do more than just drive away talent, as well as significant parts of its audience.
That’s when he discovered reference materials — books, images, magazine tear sheets — he had used as he learned to do makeup.
Some workers at Amazon, who also joined the May Day protests, said they were upset over the end of the company’s policy of unlimited unpaid time off, which many had used to avoid exposure inside warehouses.
But in fashion, of course, appearances are paramount.
I was also slowly digging into the cave of his life memories as our conversations and affection flourished, reading between the lines of his speech patterns.
At night in the dormitory, we used to stay up and talk about our experiences growing up in the South.
“I think it’s just the vulnerability of the pandemic and god forbid something happens to me.
This new examination found a history of misrepresentations by Mr. Chaudhry and no corroboration that he committed the atrocities he described in the “Caliphate” podcast.
Voting in other democracies is a snap.
Trump administration officials, both in public speeches and classified briefings to Congress, have stepped up warnings in recent weeks about Chinese intelligence services and their campaign to steal information and influence American politics.
“I am dead serious, I will bring pies.” Some publishers were wary of releasing “Becoming Duchess Goldblatt” anonymously, with publicity and marketing departments especially concerned about how they could best promote the book without an author to send out behind it.
“Governors who are using the pandemic as an excuse to keep certain measures in place do so at their own peril.” For now, Mr. Trump is speaking to the minority of Americans who believe the government has gone too far in trying to contain the threat from the virus.
Casi es seguro que surja la polémica sobre los derechos reproductivos de las mujeres, cosa que se sumaría a la tensa dinámica.
Won’t the virus just spread faster if evicted tenants end up in shelters?
Based on the conversations you’ve had, how has the pandemic changed the tenor of the election?
He is more interested in foreign threats and taking on China than on staff reductions, according to an intelligence official.
An analysis by two research organizations, the Asia Society Policy Institute and Climate Analytics, to be issued next week but reviewed by The New York Times, concludes that China would have to peak its carbon emissions by 2025, five years earlier than the country has promised, and phase out coal by 2040 in order to keep global temperatures close to the upper limits laid out in the Paris Agreement.
Ninguno de los pacientes tenía un cáncer pulmonar tan avanzado como para ser fatal, dijo.
Unfortunately, even Mr. Biden’s advisers — who are multilateralists by American standards — have trouble imagining cooperation without dominance.
“We’ve all been through pains, bumps and bruises, and usually in my head I feel it’s something I can fight through,” he said.
The review shows that the Trump class of appellate judges, much like the president himself, breaks significantly with the norms set by his Democratic and Republican predecessors, Barack Obama and George W. Bush.
This year, the “endless summer” crowd has ballooned, more people appreciating the warm weather for the freedom it offers.
For example: free hot meals for all elementary school students from grades one through four.
Hospitals across the country are already reaching surge capacity, and the need for more front-line staff will only grow.
This month, Mr. Sanders sent a lengthy email to his supporters warning them “about Trump’s threat to our constitutionally enshrined system of the peaceful transition of power.” In addition to his speech on Thursday, he is planning to hold a virtual town hall on Saturday focused on rural voters, during which he is expected to deliver a similar message about Mr. Trump and the election, the aide said.
But there are other factors to consider.
in Greece, devolved from a system of assemblies and independent courts to an aristocracy led by General Pericles.
Kenya’s first pavilion at the Biennale, in 2013, was also overwhelmingly Chinese.
What Are Some Ways to “Travel” Without Traveling During the Pandemic?149 Holidays and Birthdays Are Moments to Come Together.
In remarks to Congress, Robert E. Lighthizer, the United States trade representative, instead reserved his harshest criticism for the World Trade Organization, which he called “a mess,” and the European Union, which he said could face tariffs if it did not agree to a trade deal.
Mr. Cordero fell ill on March 20 with what was initially diagnosed as pneumonia and later as Covid-19, Ms. Kloots said in her Instagram posts.
“However, Twitter has determined that it may be in the public’s interest for the Tweet to remain accessible.” On Tuesday, Twitter officials began discussing labeling Mr. Trump’s messages after he falsely asserted that mail-in ballots were illegally printed and implied they would lead to fraud in the November election.
But examining several counties particularly exposed to rising seas, the researchers found that a growing share of mortgages had required down payments between 21 percent and 40 percent — what Dr. Keenan called nonconventional loans.
But the association with the mine slowly turned into a burden for the town, as the mineral’s links to cancer became widely known.
The committee did not detail any new programs but called for “comprehensively strengthening military training and preparedness.” Mr. Xi has returned to the theme repeatedly in recent appearances with the People’s Liberation Army, as military tensions have risen from the Himalayas to Taiwan and the South China Sea.
Lieutenant Cosgrove decontaminated her gear after a call.
“We know almost nothing about the leadership,” says Michael Knights, an analyst at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy who has tracked the group since its founding.
Use sweet, ripe summer berries from a farm stand for the best flavor — they should really smell like strawberries.
First of two, that is, if Ritchie Torres, another progressive, wins his primary in the Bronx.
“Casey was shot and killed as he unlocked his door and entered his home,” the firm said.
Since then, Ms. Agarwal, 29, has become an activist; she has pushed the Supreme Court of India to regulate the sale of acid and Parliament to make it easier to prosecute acid attack perpetrators.
“The only way we’re going to lose this election is if the election is rigged,” he says.
They said the most stress they experienced while planning was generated by the negotiations with brands.
Despite all of those investigations, few companies have come forward to complain in public.
“If I walk into a hotel and an employee hasn’t approached me within five minutes, I’m concerned.” [Sign up for Love Letter and always get the latest in Modern Love, weddings, and relationships in the news by email.]
analyst and Pentagon official, said in a statement.
With just days to go, hyperpartisan pages on the platform are churning out propaganda to millions of followers.
Pero las semillas del odio y la división que está sembrando amenazan con deshacer nuestra democracia.
And if your home is perpetually one renovation away from its next open house, white is a natural go-to color.
Since 2018, when Mr. Trump withdrew the United States from an accord to limit Iran’s nuclear program, his administration has imposed punishing economic sanctions against Tehran and denied it an estimated $70 billion in oil revenues.
We were hired to survey the damage to the esplanade.
I don’t think people expected Joe Biden to do as poorly as he did.
More than 14,000 workers in state governments lost their jobs in March.
The older man held out the box.
‘Bluey’ When to watch: Friday at 8 a.m., on Disney Season 2 of the least annoying kids show of our time is finally making its way from Australia to the United States, to the delight of toddlers, their families and anyone else who might need a jolt of loving positivity.
All of us knew it when we watched Amy Cooper call the police on a black man who calmly asked her to put a leash on her dog.
The judge in that case, Col. Douglas K. Watkins, recently rebuked prosecutors for withholding evidence and awarded Mr. Khan a year off his ultimate sentence.
Read the latest developments in the coronavirus outbreak here.
“I remember thinking while I was doing the envelope stuffing and answering the phone,” she told The Poughkeepsie Journal, “that someday I want to be the person who’s sitting in that room and driving those conversations and mapping out strategies, and being a part of it in a meaningful way.” There were a few detours.
One result: Unlike some American cities, they expect to have enough hospital beds to withstand even a worst-case scenario.
Drawing thematic rather than chronological connections among vignettes, his movies teem with rhymed moments and found metaphors.
But your neighbors are entitled to their opinions, too, however much they hurt your heart.
After Germany came Italy, where businesses were gradually reopening after the first wave of the pandemic.
First and foremost, in the middle of a pandemic, field operations cannot knock on doors and offer rides to voting locations at the scale necessary for a modern campaign.
Discontinuing my family’s Hanukkah celebration fits right in with our family’s tradition of bucking tradition.
But the coronavirus has hit prisons particularly hard, and some prison workers and families questioned whether outside visits — and the risk of further spread from inside and outside of facilities — were wise.
“We haven’t seen these kind of numbers in a while.” Mr. Solomon, 37, was talking about his work with Solutions Oriented Addiction Response (SOAR), which he described as a “ragtag community group” that uses harm reduction — primarily getting Narcan into the hands of those who need it — to combat the opioid epidemic in and around Charleston, W.Va. (A native of Long Island, Mr. Solomon went to West Virginia first to fight mountaintop removal and stayed to work with addicts.)
Hay quienes predicen la aparición de credos cada vez más personalizados, tuneados al detalle, grupos virtuales que se forman a partir de creencias originales compartidas y mitologías de diseño; los que vuelven al viejo mantra de que Dios ha muerto se llevan las burlas por sus resurrecciones incesantes.
There was no room for my mother’s bird’s-eye breakfront, her turn-of-the-century chairs.
Still, mental-health professionals, especially those who treat combat veterans, worry that doctors will sustain moral injury from having to allocate medical equipment and care.
“You’re bettering society and bettering the world, so those consequences don’t outweigh the end result.” The high school and school district did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Yet even as Mr. Lee’s fame grew, the prospects for democracy did not.
(ActBlue confirmed that racial justice causes and bail funds had led the way.)
There was no way to tell one bird from another, nor to watch them do anything other than move from place to place, although sometimes, if the swifts were flying low over rooftops, I’d see one open its mouth, and that was truly uncanny, because the gape was huge, turning the bird into something uncomfortably like a miniature basking shark.
According to data in court filings the agency provided during a lawsuit over operational changes that caused delays in September, the Postal Service stated that on-time delivery of election mail was as high as 97.2 percent at the time, even though overall on-time delivery for first-class mail was only 84.2 percent then.
But brunch can be a reminder of a self-affirming place — home.
That’s a very plausible assumption to make.
Start with a single page of the newspaper, and if needed trim to 11 by 22 inches.
Persistent and unyielding in pushing his agenda, Mr. Sanders is loath to admit defeat; his withdrawal represents a tacit concession that without a chance of overtaking Mr. Biden, he would have more leverage to advance his priorities if he ceded the race and joined forces with his rival.
Mr. Mattis grew up in East New York at a time when the neighborhood was among the poorest and most violent in the city.
Shahzia Sikander, who was raised in Pakistan and moved to the United States in 1993, has long used the language of traditional Indian and Persian miniature painting as a departure point to make contemporary work exploring colonialism, migration, gender and hyphenated identities.
Ten of the band’s studio albums (some of which were cut with Sammy Hagar as lead singer during a long split with Mr. Roth) went multiplatinum.
Please note your name, age and location in your response, which may be included in the next newsletter.
“I now believe it’s more about karma than data,” said Mr. Holbrook, 52, a marketing director from South Weymouth, Mass.
Workers are reminded regularly that Google doesn’t “crush,” “kill” or “block” the competition.
Ms. D’Angelo and her son, according to the campaign, were two of nearly 100,000 people who registered to attend the New Jersey rally, Mr. Trump’s first in the state as president.
The fingerprints of Ron Klain, the incoming White House chief of staff and a longtime aide to Mr. Biden, are already evident in the selection of White House advisers with the kind of stature and experience to face off with the cabinet secretaries during debates over complex and difficult issues.
(NYT) • The Fed’s rescue-loan program for midsize firms is off to a rocky start, according to new data.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
“It’s really unfortunate and in fact quite disgusting that our ability to protect the American people is going to be negatively impacted because of politics.” The border agency has thus far concentrated construction in areas owned by the federal government, much of it in areas with terrain that already impedes migration, such as some of the stretches of border in Arizona where work crews are blasting.
The report laid the blame on Pluto.
That’s what Brickman was experiencing.
History buffs may recall that the first Free Exercise Clause case in Supreme Court history, in 1845, involved the prohibition of open-coffin funeral services in a New Orleans church during a yellow fever outbreak.
It caused no known deaths but delivered an early crisis this year for one of the world’s most disaster-prone nations.
“We need to widely advertise this pause in the trial because of the potential for harm,” said Dr. Matthew D. Neal, a surgeon and intensive-care specialist at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center who is leading one of many teams in the trial.
“Because it’s clear that everybody’s missing live sports.”
I really fell for how the show anachronistically positions sound — including Gil Scott-Heron’s poem “Whitey on the Moon” and the theme song from the ’70s sitcom “The Jeffersons” — to propel the story.
The city also has ended the practice for pregnant women and detainees with serious mental illness, among other vulnerable categories of people, and other big-city jails across the country have followed suit.
Cars make people do crazy things.” He agrees with Mr. Leno — exercise your cars at least once a month.
The Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba was found to be positive when he turned up for a training camp with France’s national team in August, weeks after the Brazilian star Neymar and two of his teammates at the French club Paris St.-Germain are believed to have caught the virus during a postseason vacation in Spain.
“Because of his personality profile, I knew he’d be hyper.
And Judge Barrett wrapped up by saying that she wanted to be a justice for all of the American people.
None of his movies were released in New York until after his death.
In Hong Kong’s gleaming skyscrapers and wood-paneled conference rooms, many bankers and deal makers discussed their views only on condition of anonymity — less for fear of angering Beijing, and more out of concern about wading into a broader geopolitical showdown between the United States and China.
He fathered 53 sons and 57 daughters with numerous wives and concubines, and was forced to abdicate the throne in 1964 by other members of his family.
Among other things, they have shared false rumors that widespread voter fraud is already taking place and have raised questions about the competency of the Postal Service with mail-in ballots.
Instaló un centro de detención en un campamento sofocante afuera del Ayuntamiento y ordenó redadas de migrantes indocumentados, lo cual se considera como discriminación racial ilegal.
He is in his 40s and — I tell you today that America is a nation at risk.
If I catch this, I’m dead.
The character of the family’s son, David, played by the younger Levy, unapologetically embraces his pan-sexuality and gains unlikely acceptance in the small town where the family is exiled.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said that government officials would review the proposal by ByteDance, TikTok’s owner, and Oracle this week, and then make a recommendation to President Trump.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
“But in the end John Lewis prevailed.” That philosophical tension, however, continues to play out among African-Americans and the activists powering the current Black Lives Matter movement.
It will have its premiere this summer at TheaterSquared in Fayetteville, Ark.
The piano has been moved to the porch, and the menu travels memory lane with a Greek salad, saganaki, half-roasted chicken and Sagaponack steak.
In short, men who hurt, entrap and objectify women and girls will be shown no mercy by Faye Adelheim.
To the Editor: It wasn’t the marriage ceremony that we originally envisioned.
In designing the overlook, the architects echoed the waving grass roofs of the pavilions across the garden.
More countries denied it entry.
Though the start of the year is usually a slow time for orders, and the deliveries were dented by the Max grounding, the dismal numbers were a reminder of the depths of Boeing’s problems.
There’s a lot of sincere suggestions for daily at-home routines out there — we think the “quarantine routine” started in sincerity here, as a way of helping people think about how to manage their time.
Normally you’re giving a guy a hug or a handshake.
Several projects for older children focus on the pressure to fit in.
Ainsworth Minott, who is Black and has organized protest marches calling for Englewood officers to wear body cameras and for a civilian board to review complaints against officers, attended parts of the two-day hearing.
Russian officials have denied the accusations, and say their vaccine is based on a design developed years ago by Russian scientists to counter the Ebola virus.
Hugo’s in Los Angeles This is the place where my best friends and I go when we are all in L.A. We sit outside and catch up and share cinnamon swirl French toast.
Pero la lucha no ha terminado.
“When you’re not able to move around,” he said, “and do athletic movements for a while, the only thing you can do is shoot spot-up jumpers.” Williamson was also asked whether he was excited to get back to a sense of normalcy, now that he had gotten through his big debut.
I’m told that the N.R.A.
In a study published in May in the New England Journal of Medicine, remdesivir showed modest effects, shortening average recovery time to 11 days from 15 in hospitalized patients with the coronavirus.
With his dark gospel, the president has enthralled the Republican base, rendering other party leaders too afraid to stand up to him.
“And we have to be honest about that.
In his half-century career, Rod Hall competed in 50 consecutive Baja 1000s and notched 25 class wins.
I peered inside and inhaled the coarse, dark-red mixture, pondering my next mapo.
Every time the townspeople were presented straightforwardly, with hints of the simplicity that Mr. Girard aims to mask, I was drawn in.
More questions than answers remain about the virus and which people it kills, and why.
It turned out that the things that might have kept them apart — distance and their radically different approaches to planning — ended up easing their transition to a life together.
HARRY KING You could hear the boom of the music.
“The law of innocence is unwritten,” he says: It’s not a true legal term, can’t be argued in a court of law and doesn’t exist on the books.
That could violate Google’s Android developer terms of service.
Detrás de la frustración con respecto a The Crown hay una comprensión de que es probable que esta versión de la familia real, ya sea correcta o incorrecta, sirva como la narrativa de referencia para una generación de espectadores, sobre todo los jóvenes, que no recuerdan la década de 1980 y mucho menos los eventos más antiguos que se representaron en las temporadas anteriores.
The city knows about the fickleness of hurricanes.
The company would lay off up to 10 percent of their members, unless the unionized workers amended their contracts to incorporate wage freezes and the elimination of company contributions to workers’ retirement plans, among other concessions.
After graduating from Duluth East High School in 1952, Mr.
A photographer visited with the “Saffron Queen” and her family as they collected stigmas from crocuses for the lucrative crop.
Join us as we welcome consequential newsmakers in business, policy and culture to explore the pivotal questions of the moment — and the future.
So the big question here is, what do you do once you’re actually in the thick of this crisis?
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
En una entrevista, Parscale dijo que el estadio vacío no era su culpa, y que la policía local en Tulsa había reaccionado de forma exagerada, lo que había dificultado que los partidarios entrasen.
The City Hall encampment, which was initially spearheaded by Vocal-NY, a grass-roots organization, is the latest addition to the wave of protests in New York after George Floyd’s death at the hands of Minneapolis police in late May.
And we use YouTube for fun, as when we asked a professional food stylist to make a gingerbread house from several store-bought kits.
They took 100 females, injected them with hormones to induce sexual maturity, and prepared to bring them to the Sargasso Sea, that evocative patch of the Atlantic Ocean that begins some 300 miles off the eastern coast of the U.S. and is known to be where European and American eels go to spawn.
The result was an “ultraelastic” solid sphere that, unlike most every other type of rubber ball, barely deformed upon collision and consequently returned to the bouncer with hard-to-discern spin, often at punitive speed.
In our test, shifting the threat in this manner worked.
First, that what we’re mostly afraid of is fear.
Ms. Hellman, in her fourth year of teaching kindergarten, understood what returning to the classroom would mean.
Black employees often felt marginalized and sometimes discriminated against by the largely white executives in Portland.
Mr. Trump announced shortly before 1 a.m. on Friday, Oct. 2, that he and the first lady, Melania Trump, had tested positive for the virus.
Even one’s home is no sanctuary against anti-black racism.
More recently, while at DLA Piper, he represented Mauricio Umansky, the husband of Kyle Richards, one of the stars of the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, in a real estate dispute with the vice president of Equatorial Guinea.
As police officers stood between the building and the hundreds gathered there on Monday, at least one protester offered a police officer a mask.
“It really is about the recognition that we are all in the same storm,” said Dr. Henry, 54, now on her 156th straight day at work on the crisis.
I’ll be tuning in on Sunday, when Andrews is set to announce the next steps out of lockdown — along with everyone else.
In their place, some restaurants have chosen to focus more on the teams of cooks, porters and other workers who together bring meals to life.
Ikea idea: The Swedish furniture retailer started a global campaign to buy back used furniture as part of its efforts to combat climate change and discourage excessive consumption.
This is widely understood to be a classic problem of aging.
(He has taken part for 25 years, his father for 54.)
Sometimes, I avoid talking to the media because I’m worried about my mother and my family in Iran.
Yeah, it wasn’t that hard last time.
He has $28 left before he hits his credit limit, he said, and owes $200 in late fees and penalties to his bank, Wells Fargo.
At first, the filmmakers chose to model their dog after a Bernese mountain dog.
“We anticipate that number could double or more this fall, if things don’t change.”
Alyson Krueger writes: Roses don’t seem like such a kind gesture when you think about how they are shipped to the city on cargo planes from Ecuador, or how they decompose in landfills and convert to methane gas.
Later, they set up both guidelines for handling unplanned encounters at sea and in the air and a hotline to defuse any possible crises.
Mr. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence are both expected to attend their convention’s in-person roll call in Charlotte, N.C., on Monday.
Do I wear a mask?
An easy way to bond is to inform a distracted neighbor that it’s time to stop (or start) pumping.
“If it wasn’t for the land, I wouldn’t be here today,” said Mr. Adam, 53, now a father of five and grandfather of 12.
Bonnie was also one of the credited writers for “How Long (Betcha’ Got a Chick on the Side),” from 1975, one of the Pointer Sisters’ best-loved funk tracks, which was later sampled by the female rap group Salt-N-Pepa.
“It came later in the week and you look at it and go, ‘Man, it feels like something illegal is happening on your account,’” Popov said.
It’s the quintessential coming-of-age tale Dickens is known for, and Lean received praise for this adaptation.
Mr. Glaser designed a modified version — “I ♥ NY More Than Ever,” with a dark bruise on the heart — that was distributed as a poster throughout the city and reproduced on the front and back pages of The Daily News.
But as the day wore on, the attack, led by Kirk, took over dozens of accounts belonging to cryptocurrency companies and celebrities.
One day in mid-October, he was rehearsing the scene that is the audience’s first introduction to Tony, the show’s Romeo, just after we’ve met the Jet clan.
The science about how long the novel virus remains in the air is still unsettled.
Retira la espuma y deja cocer hasta que los frijoles estén muy suaves, de una hora y media a dos horas.
graduate, would usually be juggling classes and settling into new living spaces when her birthday in mid-September came around.
… about its wading pool.
Local children would go to the camp and flip bicycles or sleds over the fence for the children there.
What made him happy, Goldberg said, was chocolate: “Give him a Hershey bar and let him watch television.” When someone once hazarded a joke about Trump’s penis size, the author writes, Melania replied, “Don’t say this — he’s a real man.” Donald Trump appears to dwell in the White House, for the most part, like a sultan among his pillows.
She wrote about her experiences and about an upcoming HBO series about TCKs, as they are known.
“But I don’t see anything wrong with it.” Gwen Calderon, who was at a Saturday afternoon showing of “First Cow” with her sister, Elizabeth Hurz, at the AMC Lincoln Square in Manhattan, explained that the anticipation of sparse attendance had been a factor in drawing them out.
But Ms. Somers has never been afraid to flout convention.
Some critics complained on Twitter and elsewhere that the delays amounted to voter suppression in a state where Republicans have been frequently sued, sometimes successfully, for trying to minimize Democratic power.
Repeat the process for three to five minutes.
The dramatic shrinkage of the largest annual rite in Islam could hit Saudi Arabia particularly hard, with a reduced pilgrimage delivering a further financial blow to a kingdom already grappling with low oil prices and an economic slowdown caused by the lockdowns aimed at preventing contagion.
The state’s reopening hasn’t been totally flawless: The North Providence superintendent said the state failed to promptly notify the school district after two students tested positive.
“Now that free press points its digital pen at your throat when you question their preferences.” There’s something amusing — even a bit flattering — in such earnest protestations from a right-wing movement rooted in efforts to discredit the independent media.
She’d just returned to Los Angeles from the 2019 Salone del Mobile in Milan, the world’s largest furniture fair, where she’d taken a photo for me of the most unusual hinge she’d seen in years.
But Mr. Biden threatened to withhold the aid until Ukraine fired the state prosecutor, Viktor Shokin, who was widely considered corrupt by the United States and its allies in Western Europe.
But others then pointed out that if you include that hashtag, it changes the conversation that goes along with it, ultimately drowning out black voices and useful educational context — and that while a black square is a start, change has to be more than a trend.
The final two bedrooms and a playroom are on the third floor, along with a new bathroom with a shower.
His family begged him to quit the police.
Inside the tube was another tube — inside of which was a vial that contained, as she puts it, “a few drops of the virus that everyone is fearing.” Martin-Sancho adds, “I remember Laura Riva looking at me like, If you cannot do it, nobody can.” Using very small amounts from the vial, Martin-Sancho tested 18 ways of cultivating the virus, staying in the chamber as long as she could manage.
Another possibility under consideration was to require Iraqis to pay for their electricity, which few now do, he said.
Investors were dumping municipal bonds, jeopardizing the ability of states and cities to borrow money and pay employees.
The end results come in vivid cardboard boxes printed with vibrant plant imagery shot by the Franco-Swiss photographer Erwan Frotin and partly inspired by the hand-colored botanical prints of the 19th-century Japanese photographer Kazuma Ogawa, some of which Anderson has acquired over the years.
Why?” He pleaded for his life.
Individuals or groups can then present what they have “found” and explain the rationale behind their collections.
The agreement largely puts to rest months of furious negotiations between the Trump administration and Congress over how to help Sudan’s fragile transitional government and debt-ridden economy by settling many of the lawsuits that accused the country of harboring Al Qaeda, mostly during the 1990s.
But there was one thing that Ms. Nagata, unlike millions of service industry workers in the United States, did not fret about: her job security.
By mid-May, people who worked in Yakima’s fruit-packing facilities had started to get sick.
Times Insider explains who we are and what we do, and delivers behind-the-scenes insights into how our journalism comes together.
What are some of the coping strategies this piece recommends?
(The only possible loss is my dignity when scores come out in early October and, um, mine will remain off the record.)
And whether it would include some damaging information about the president.
“They are blocking our daughter from talking to us,” her mother said, referring to Mr. Guo and Mr. Wang.
Through the New York Education Department and the school, she got an iPad and laptop for Brian to use for online video classes and his class work.
Thank you so much for being with us this week, and for your notes to me: dearjulia@nytimes.com.
After that striking opening, the poem wanders off into the wilderness of untethered metaphor, less and less about this non-sunrise something-or-other and more and more about the art of arty language: “An ancient flinch / In an ancient sun mirrored and made / Into la, the void in the voice, the voice / In the void, lala.” There’s far too much lala-ing in this book.
In Midtown East: a 1200-square-foot, two-bedroom, two-bath apartment with a sunken living room, tall beamed ceilings and attractive moldings, on the second floor of an Emery Roth-designed doorman building with a laundry room.
His gains were largest in traditionally Republican strongholds in battleground states, in the suburbs of Phoenix, Dallas, Jacksonville and Atlanta, to name a few.
For me, the call came last month.
“I’m essential to the pocketbooks of rich contractors and essential for spreading the virus, but that’s about it,” said Kirk Gibbs, 57, an electrician at a new parking garage in Syracuse, N.Y. “It’s not essential for us to be here right now.” Across the country, governors and mayors have urged roughly half of the United States — at least 179 million people — to stay home.
Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, one of those lawmakers, said she would use Instagram’s live video platform to chat with her New York constituents about Mr. Trump’s speech.
Having liked what he had already seen online, Mr. Sugerman made a financial decision by plunking down an additional $2 to reopen the app, and clicked back into his life Ms. Lopez, the dividend of a lifetime.
Energy subsidies are often taken for granted outside the halls of power.
But when she is going after the bad actors, she is focused on the issue or on the person behaving badly, and she tackles it with facts and figures.
P.S.• We’re listening to “The Daily.” Our latest episode is the first of a two-part series on the presidential candidates’ policies.• Here’s our Mini Crossword, and a clue: Many modern meetings (five letters).
Of the women who delivered their babies, 15 percent had premature births and 3 percent had stillbirths.
En otras palabras, si tuviste un día particularmente malo en el trabajo y dijiste algo bobo durante una reunión, trata de visualizar el incidente desde la perspectiva de alguien más en vez de la tuya.
Much has changed since then: The show’s fourth and final season, which comes to a close Thursday night, has focused largely on the idea that sorting humans into a “good place” and a “bad place” is a fool’s errand.
The title refers to H.P.
The city’s cultural heartbeat slowed.
Eugene Reynolds Blumenthal was born on April 4, 1923, in Cleveland and grew up in Detroit.
Ms. Newton was pointed to a company website and went through an interview and a formal human resources process before being hired.
“The idea that a small group of experts can never make a mistake or miss out on any information is never right,” said Sarah Wollaston, a former chairwoman of the House of Commons Health Select Committee.
Do you believe that public schools should be the “great equalizer”?
From there, the phrase “make it rain” brought him to basketball.
Some of the president’s powers we know about; others remain almost entirely secret from the public.
Y, como hacen los editores de libros, películas, series o noticias, deberían pagar a quienes los producen para ellos.
In many ways, the coronavirus response was familiar ground for the local health workers, who routinely labor to prevent and control outbreaks of gastroenteritis, measles, tuberculosis and H.I.V.
Dr. Desai had previously said that his contractual agreements with hospitals prevented him from disclosing any hospital-level patient data, even though it was anonymized.
To the temple, the mosque, to the cloister —Climb the ladder and we’ll search the shelves.Finding pearls inside every oyster,Finding all of the parts of ourselves.
But until better technology is perfected, the only way to actually stop all car crashes — banning cars — is untenable, so some deaths are countenanced, a total of 38,800 in 2019.
If your child isn’t combining words into phrases, or if you yourself can’t understand him, you should bring this to the attention of your doctor.
The call would set off a whirlwind 24 hours for the Sanders campaign, which just days earlier had seemed as if it was on a runaway train to the Democratic nomination.
My father bought me a camera when I was 15 or 16, and I’d wander around taking black-and-white pictures of anything and everything,” he says.
Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.
Garrett was a mainstay for the Cowboys for an eternity in N.F.L.
“Everybody talks to everybody, which means you stop and you have a conversation and then you move on and have a conversation with somebody else,” said Dr. Hassig, who rode in a Mardi Gras parade with the Krewe of Muses this year.
The country has about 1,600 cases now.
Now it’s on Charles to make it sing.
Restaurants in Washington State that want to open their doors for dine-in service will have to keep a log of customers and their contact information, according to requirements made public on Monday night.
With the support of family “that I desperately wanted to come back from the brink for,” he said in an interview, he never went back on medication, despite the pain of withdrawal, so he “didn’t teach my brain that opioids are the only things worth valuing.” Making Amends “Doctors still overprescribe opioids out of habit, but they also underprescribe opioids out of fear,” he said.
Having students in real time needs to feel engaging, and they were more likely to jump in and present or contribute when we gave time to what interested them most.
Later, in Memphis, Houston, and just about anywhere else a protester yelled out mid-speech — there is almost always one — Mr. Bloomberg delivered the same reply, “Thank you for making me feel like I’m at home in New York.” Mr. Bloomberg’s bid for the presidency, which faces its first test before voters on Tuesday when 14 states go to the polls, has exposed to the country what New Yorkers have long known: He was never admired for his gifts as a retail politician.
“May is on track to be the best month of new customer relationships that we’ve seen in the past 10 years,” Mr. Gallagher said.
But my father said, “Why should I?
You can see their images in Long Beach, in Artesia, in Downtown Los Angeles, and in Venice Beach.
“Look at what’s happening around our country right now; there’s a lot of things closing down,” Cardinals President John Mozeliak said.
So the big question here is, what do you do once you’re actually in the thick of this crisis?
The numbers of people hospitalized and in intensive care units are still growing, but the growth rate appears to be slowing.
Adam Goodes, a former Australian Rules football star, was an anti-racism advocate who in 2015 began to be relentlessly booed by opposing fans.
“That makes sense!” But after that, he kept texting.
She wants to help inspire a new, more diverse generation of collectors who care deeply about mail, the U.S.
But the day before Ruth’s high school graduation, her mother died of cancer.
I moved to Cairo in August of 2015 from Washington, D.C. By March of the next year I would meet my husband there.
With some pork processing plants closed, millions of pigs on farms grew too big to be slaughtered and processed in the equipment used to produce the nation’s supplies of pork chops and sausages.
The Bahamian government said it expects to incur a $1.3 billion deficit this fiscal year, equivalent to about 11.6 percent of gross domestic product and the largest in the history of the Bahamas.
Facebook and YouTube removed versions of the video on Monday evening.
It is repugnant to the American dream of the opportunity for prosperity and success through hard work and upward mobility.” Noting that the policy would immediately cause “significant hardship” to “hundreds of thousands of individuals who were previously eligible for admission and permanent residence in the United States,” he issued a nationwide injunction to block its implementation.
The school, he said, is already a pull factor for temporary residents — “It’s remarkable how easy we get visiting professors,” said Mr. Bugliesi — but later this year it plans to open a business incubator, with the goal of attracting forward-thinking entrepreneurs.
Arnold Harvey Aronson was born in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston on Jan. 14, 1935.
If a python eats a quarter of its body weight, its metabolic rate jumps 1,000 percent.
Steve Ricchetti, a longtime adviser, whirled through on Friday evening.
Warming his hands on a mug of hot chocolate, he reminisced about the moment in May 2019 that he decided to challenge Mr. Fitzpatrick, when he saw that the Pennsylvania congressman was one of eight House Republicans to vote for the Equality Act.
State legislators need to educate themselves about these young people and their medical care before introducing legislation that will hurt them.
“We are literally being besieged in a beautiful way by companies that want to do the work and help our country,” Mr. Trump said.
Dejando a un lado sus tareas universitarias para investigar los síntomas de la covid, se ha convencido de que está infectado y, como es diabético y fumador, corre un gran riesgo.
“He was very young and ambitious.” A review of how Mr. Biden navigated this period of national upheaval — drawn from interviews with more than a dozen friends, classmates and others who have known the Democratic nominee across the decades — at once lays bare the implausibility of Mr. Trump’s attack and supplies an enduring window into Mr. Biden’s own theories of social movements.
(And here’s a fuller list.)
Once the foam subsides, add a sliced scallion or about a tablespoon of a chopped onion, shallot or leek, 1 tablespoon capers (rinsed, if salted, or drained, if brined), and 1 chopped anchovy (totally optional, it’s a supporting player, not the lead) and let it sizzle until the capers brown a little and the anchovy dissolves.
Justice Sotomayor hugged her and replied, “Yes, yes.” She then went on to give the child a true life lesson.
Robert was raised in the Brownsville section, then a gritty Jewish enclave, where he defended vulnerable friends against neighborhood bullies and biked to Ebbets Field to cheer on Jackie Robinson.
In The Washington Post, the election-law expert Richard Hasen analyzes the Supreme Court’s recent rulings.
At one point, I heard a woman yell at me from across Lexington Avenue.
“You’re safe.” He has me secured by a rope, but his words just sound like meaningless noise.
That’s a little bit different than when Senator Kaine was governor here in Virginia.
Younger, urban voters overwhelmingly supported Mr. Trzaskowski, whose campaign nearly dislodged an incumbent president with a host of advantages, including the use of state media and the help of prominent supporters within the Catholic clergy as well as President Trump.
Often the public discussion of health disparities then jumps to adult health, where we track inequities in chronic diseases, in heart disease, cancer, diabetes and, of course, in life expectancy.
En Venezuela, se entera de que el gobierno ha comenzado a usar su aparato de seguridad represivo para tratar de controlar el virus.
But on Tuesday, the city’s Board of Correction, an oversight panel, issued a scathing report detailing a series of failures that it said had probably contributed to Ms. Polanco’s death, which came while she was in solitary confinement.
At the same time, not too much.
provides all of the critical information about a cleaning product — ingredients, handling and storage instructions, hazard warnings and first-aid measures — in one document.
The president’s life hasn’t changed at all.
Reporting was contributed by Emily Badger, Peter Baker, Karen Barrow, Alan Blinder, Nicholas Bogel-Burroughs, Jonah Engel Bromwich, Kenneth Chang, Niraj Chokshi, Emily Cochrane, Michael Cooper, Maria Cramer, Alan Feuer, Sheri Fink, Jacey Fortin, Thomas Fuller, Oskar Garcia, Michael Gold, Dana Goldstein, Denise Grady, Shawn Hubler, Danielle Ivory, Annie Karni, Kate Kelly, Gina Kolata, Lisa Lerer, Sapna Maheshwari, David McCabe, Sarah Mervosh, Tariro Mzezewa, Amelia Nierenberg, Alicia Parlapiano, Matt Phillips, Brad Plumer, Matt Richtel, Marc Santora, Eric Schmitt, Ashley Southall, Eileen Sullivan, Kenneth P. Vogel, David Waldstein and David Yaffe-Bellany.
The next victim might be me.
Does the artwork carry any additional meaning for you now?
Other leagues have announced plans to play conference-only schedules: The Big East announced on Thursday that its schools would exclusively play in conference for men’s and women’s soccer, men’s and women’s cross-country, volleyball and field hockey, following in the footsteps of the Big Ten and the Pac-12.
Sometimes, his hand smells of glue and balloons.
Imagine that you are the chief executive of an auto company.
It’s too knotted up with assumptions and implicit judgments that are better stated outright.
My main instrument is guitar.
There are still a lot of small businesses that need help,” he said.
Many areas are in lockdown altogether.
Mr. Appel happens to be a wine writer and winemaker.
The Republican governor, Phil Scott — unlike many other Republican politicians around the country — has consistently told people to take the virus seriously.
(The novel suffers from the fact that almost everyone in it sounds indistinguishable and is, unfortunately, as smart as the author.
Larry Withrow of the Oklahoma City Police Department.
On Thursday, Dr. Zhong told an online seminar organized by the University of Sydney that China needed to give its centers for disease control more power, independence, expertise and money to ensure that they serve as independent sentinels against dangerous outbreaks.
Until now, its use has largely been limited to anonymous online mischief of various degrees of severity, like inserting Nicolas Cage’s grin into movies Cage never acted in.
He looked at that crowd, and he didn’t see a certain space for himself.
But the association relaxed its rules in April as it recognized the extraordinary financial pressures that the pandemic had placed on museums.
“Wow, undecided!” the “Late Show” host said.
Businesses and consumers have learned to adapt to the virus — or, in some cases, have chosen to ignore the risks — and states have generally resisted reimposing the strict lockdown policies that were common last spring.
The actor Mel Gibson spent a week in a California hospital in April after testing positive for the virus, a representative for Gibson said Thursday night.
Desde la madrugada del miércoles, cuando Trump declaró de manera airada que las elecciones eran un “fraude”, ha dividido su tiempo entre la Oficina Oval y la residencia presidencial, mirando la cobertura televisiva y rumiando.
Then the filter is sealed between two protective layers, and a headband is welded or stapled on.
We can think of other ways of enjoying ourselves.”
And be careful not to let your policy lapse, said Nicole Beck, a spokeswoman for The Zebra.
A algunos de los jóvenes se les ha puesto a bordo de aviones de vuelta a Centroamérica, mientras que a otros se les ha obligado a regresar a México, donde miles de migrantes están viviendo en tiendas de campaña sucias y refugios hacinados.
To do it, they invited the players to the school on an evening in late May to celebrate the athletes whose last chance to compete was sooner than they expected; to give teammates the opportunity to gather one last time; to talk about what had been achieved even as so much had been lost.
But a much broader and more polarized clash between Republicans and Democrats over whether to extend an array of other assistance programs set to lapse this summer — such as enhanced unemployment benefits that expire at the end of July — will wait until later in the month, with both chambers slated to leave Washington for the Fourth of July and not fully return for two weeks.
That there was widespread corruption in Ukraine that he wanted investigated.
When the news broke that a Ukrainian jet had gone down after taking off from Tehran, Times reporters and editors around the world sprang into action — including our increasingly sophisticated visual investigations team.
Letter writers have included Senator Bob Casey, Democrat of Pennsylvania, and the state’s lieutenant governor, John Fetterman.
When a spokesperson for the Lebanese government issued a statement pointing to 2,750 tons of ammonium nitrate fertilizer as the most likely culprit, I started pulling out some old handbooks and running the numbers.
The authors understand that truly effective treatment of the problem will require robust public policy to intervene at all stages of the problem.
“I have a black thumb,” Dr. Hitch said.
In one suspicious activity report obtained by BuzzFeed, Bank of America officials in early 2016 warned the federal government about their serious concerns about how Deutsche Bank was failing to detect and prevent money laundering.
This month, a large group of restaurateurs in Wuhan wrote a letter to the city government pleading for rent relief, subsidized loans and wage support.
The sale took place on the eve of the Brexit vote while the pound plunged wildly.
(And a shoutout to Lopez’s daughter, Emme, for killing it, too.)
Instead of holding a no-confidence vote, Barcelona will be run by a temporary board who will look to steady the listing club until a new president is elected — a process that must be completed within 40 to 90 days of the temporary board’s taking control.
That is the foundation of this four-part mini-series, the latest project from the British filmmaker Shane Meadows.
So were details about movies that remain cultural touchstones for millions of people, from “Bananas” to “Annie Hall” to “Husbands and Wives” to “Match Point.” Still, the chief interest of the book lies in Allen’s account of his relationship with Mia Farrow — and, much more so, in the destruction of the relationship.
Mr. Trump’s campaign has used a tool created by WinRed, the donation-processing site, that automatically opts supporters into making additional donations for months, and it has generated millions of dollars, according to people familiar with the matter.
Keep the money,” said one veteran manager.
Why can’t the time and general location of potential exposure be announced promptly while safeguarding individual privacy?
In the United States, the state of Missouri filed a lawsuit against the Chinese government on Tuesday, saying its response to the outbreak that emerged in the city of Wuhan had led to devastating economic losses in the state.
We can break our addiction to locking people up, often for minor offenses, and throwing away the key.
“The young generation today has the vocabulary to name what’s wrong with society when it comes to gender issues,” said Duanghathai Buranajaroenkij, an expert in gender studies at Mahidol University in Bangkok.
The theater shows studio classics and cult films, including many movies by Mr. Tarantino.
“Absolutely never get over it.” Maybe not, but the 2020 Astros Shame Tour provides players and fans with a continuous resource for everything negative about the Astros, and any tidbit is welcome.
Mr. Feldheim’s defense lawyer, James Moriarty, did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Thursday night, but Reuters reported that Mr. Moriarty had denied the charges.
The aid bill passed at the end of March allocated $349 billion to support small businesses despite warnings from experts that the government needed to provide two or three times as much money to limit job losses.
In March, Devynck asked for all mentions of her and their 14-year-old daughter (a French law requires the consent of both parents for the depiction of minors) to be removed.
She decided to home-school her for eighth grade during the 2019-20 school year, even though she was working.
No matter how much free time you have this weekend, we have TV recommendations for you.
Both have seven stories and below-grade parking garages; one building contains two medical facilities.
If you want a chance to get your Tiny Victory published, find us on Instagram @NYTparenting and use the hashtag #tinyvictories; email us; or enter your Tiny Victory at the bottom of this page.
He and other officials were targeted because of their aggressive lockdown measures to restrict the spread of the virus.
Should Students Be Punished for Not Having Lunch Money?28.
The Starliner spacecraft, launched on top of an Atlas 5 rocket on Dec. 20, encountered two major software issues during its flight.
And also that even if dedicating oneself to this life wasn’t going to be easy or necessarily well-paid (unless one wanted to hawk dodgy Chinese securities), it would be meaningful and was in some way safe: The world wasn’t about to return to old-style blocs, where people from one camp couldn’t enter the other’s side.
The simplest answer is that, in most cases, your clothing shouldn’t be your biggest health concern.
The Federal Trade Commission and more than 40 states sued Facebook yesterday, saying its acquisitions of Instagram and WhatsApp unfairly eliminated competition.
Her longtime companion, Mike Davis, an oil and gas magnate, died in 2016.
The rates of diagnosis of diabetes in non-Hispanic African-Americans is 18.7 percent compared to 7.1 percent.” The group went on to say that in 2006, “African-Americans with diabetes were 1.5 times more likely to be hospitalized and 2.3 times more likely to die from diabetes than non-Hispanic whites.” In addition, many Southern states refused to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act, and there is a rural hospital crisis in this country.
Do as much of the process on your airline’s app as you can.
Faced with an Iraqi military that was heavily supplied by the United States and the West, the guards learned how to fight asymmetrically, a strategy that they have since perfected.
And just every time, it would pick the right person out.
The arrangement, set to begin on Nov. 22, would allow one designated “bubble” flight into each city every day, each carrying a maximum of 200 passengers.
And listen to us on the Book Review podcast.
The only question remaining was who would crack last.
This has not only led to confusion.
The series brings up hot-button issues and introduces morally ambiguous characters while incorporating gripping cloak-and-dagger elements — members of an anti-Russian resistance group communicate through an online video game, for instance.
So if you see people as enemy combatants, particularly African-Americans, then you’re more reliant on the use of force, or lethal force, or the escalation of force, than you are with alternative options.
Businesses responded to the cuts by raising dividends and share buybacks to record highs while an initial increase in capital investment quickly faded.
Eles não perceberam as outras formas de monumentalidade expressas pelas árvores ali bem na frente deles.
Her mother has severe dementia, and since Life Care was locked down last winter, her family has visited her mostly by standing outside her window, waving and saying “I love you.” Ms. Mallory’s family gave Life Care permission to vaccinate her mother, and Ms. Mallory said she had been calling and calling, anxious to know whether it had actually happened.
On the question of which candidate would better handle the virus, Times/Siena College polls last week found Mr. Biden had a 10-point advantage among likely voters in Nevada, and a seven-point lead in Ohio.
“And I am unabashed in saying we have responsibilities not only for our own, but for these frail who live among us.” Yes, according to a study published in May.
That concept is something that also resonated with my close friend [the artist] Dave Choe, so we always joke about that.
It’s a premise that finds much merit in this first book in a new series, for which the Mexican-American author and translator (with various illustrators) is adapting 10 selections from his award-winning “Feathered Serpent, Dark Heart of Sky: Myths of Mexico.” Set “a thousand years ago” in Mexico’s Yucatán Peninsula, “Rise of the Halfling King” begins with Almah, an apprentice witch (of the healing variety), meeting the aluxes, “mystic elfin beings who wield great magic to protect nature.” They give her two items: the magical stone she is seeking to complete her training and, unexpectedly, a drum that “in the right hands” will announce the rightful king of Uxmal, the biggest city in the lowlands.
“The inequality we’re seeing isn’t unfortunate, like a car accident,” said Rashad Robinson, the president of the racial justice advocacy group Color of Change.
GELLES Nick, what did you do as you started to see community spread in California, where you’re headquartered?
If you don’t think that the Department of Homeland Security has much to do with managing this pandemic, think again.
When a 17-year-old boy went on trial for the 2002 killing of an 11-year-old girl, he insisted he was at Cup Foods and not at the scene of the crime.
Seymour Chwast is a graphic designer and the subject of monographs including “Seymour: The Obsessive Images of Seymour Chwast.” His latest book is “The Mighty Elvis: A Graphic Biography.” Follow New York Times Books on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, sign up for our newsletter or our literary calendar.
He makes clear what six feet is.” In addition to their regular work, SOAR has been distributing masks donated by the West Virginia Mask Army, a group that sews masks primarily for health care workers.
El margen de error en Wisconsin y Florida es de 3,2 puntos porcentuales, 3 puntos en Arizona y 2,4 puntos en Pensilvania.
It was not until 1986 — after a vociferous debate — that The Times began using the less polarizing title “Ms.” This year, a team of reporters and editors at The Times decided to take a deeper look at honorifics with a project called the Mrs.
spokeswoman, said that the organization had an “unmatched” ability to coordinate a global health response, and that the initiative leveraged “the comparative advantages” of its partners in the fight against Covid-19.
But Dart Container, which has been owned by the Dart family since its founding in the 1950s, is not backing down.
“People find comfort and inspiration in our messages of hope and optimism.”
And there is something in the story for everyone who has ever picked up a thriller: murder mysteries, cross-dressing, a nationwide manhunt; a prominent real estate family, a betrayal of biblical proportions and allegations of a cover-up.
But on Wednesday, Mr. Mnuchin said there was broad agreement.
Conversations would be more interesting for it.
In fact, the balance sheets of the for-profit companies that own 70 percent of the nation’s nursing homes contradict the notion that it is not a profit-generating industry.
If you run into trouble with your cooking or with our technology, all you need do is send us a note.
Ghor Province, where the incident happened, has remained restive in recent years and proved particularly brutal for women.
Take, for example, Marriott International, the world’s largest hotel chain, which last year earned $1.2 billion.
Even for a White House that often seeks experts only for affirmation of President Trump’s instincts, his acknowledgment on Tuesday that the coronavirus task force would go out of business around Memorial Day seemed like dismantling the wheelhouse while the ship was still in a raging storm.
And less than 10 percent of investment-grade municipal bonds are sitting at the lowest rung of BBB.
Let us know at theplaylist@nytimes.com and sign up for our Louder newsletter, a once-a-week blast of our pop music coverage.
[Like the Science Times page on Facebook.
They try to cross there for a reason: Border patrol agents are always present, so they know they can turn themselves in to be shipped off to detention and begin their asylum proceedings.
But the European revival appears to be already flagging, and in part because of worries that traditional political concerns may disrupt economic imperatives.
When Mr. Kim last conducted such tests, in 2017, Mr. Trump threatened to “totally destroy North Korea,” inciting fears of possible war.
Recipe: Apple Pie, Circus Style
Dr. Conley last released an update on the president’s condition on Thursday.
From the moment he uncorked those unforgettable 54 points at Madison Square Garden in February 2013, through last season’s finals, Curry’s presence has loomed over the entire league, even amid the various spells of dominance from the likes of Kevin Durant, Kawhi Leonard and, of course, LeBron.
“This is the institution you would go to for guidance, for leadership.” America has been playing point on fighting emerging viral diseases around the world for 15 years.
The endangerment finding did not include the details of a regulation, but it set off a legal requirement under the Clean Air Act for the E.P.A.
“Once they got over the fact that I was a woman, and they learned they could make money with the items I was selling, I had no problems.” The bigger obstacle was overcoming culinary inertia.
So in times of emergency what tends to happen is that governors rise to come to the fore.
“The agencies in the new states had to be built from nothing.” During the early 1990s, a wave of racist violence swept through Germany, much of it in the East.
¿Y si, de todos modos, mi casero me envía una notificación de desalojo?
Il a parlé avec le sénateur américain Mitch McConnell, un rescapé de la polio qui soutient les programmes d’éradication de la polio et d’autres maladies infectieuses.
The fines, which begin on Sept. 28, can increase to a maximum of £10,000 for repeat offenders or for the most serious breaches.
They cited the potential for further legal challenges.
“You hear one government office saying, ‘You’re good,’ and another saying, ‘No you’re not.’ I don’t know.” Florida and Arizona have stay-at-home orders due to expire on Thursday, but the governors of both states have been vague about their plans.
If someone wants the footage — a police officer or a crime victim or a defense lawyer — they ask the neighborhood coalition for it.
“If the economy is so great under him, why is everybody so screwed after just a couple of months of this Covid thing?” she asked.
I’m focused on people who look like me.
But in the same kind of nod to Mr. Trump’s claim for a second term that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo made the same day, he also told the senators that he wanted to keep serving with them, as the president of the Senate, and that he thought he would.
If you were exposed, you were of no risk to anyone until you became sick, and even in the early day or two or three of illness you were not of risk to anyone.” In Hong Kong — which was badly hit by the SARS coronavirus in 2003, with nearly 300 deaths — worries about the spread of infectious diseases run deep.
“Did it divert my attention?” the president asked of the impeachment.
Flores empezó a preguntarse por qué a veces se sentía avergonzada cuando escuchaba a sus abuelas hablar quechua en público, y por qué a tantos de sus compañeros les apenaba hablar el idioma en clase.
Even in states with detailed coronavirus school case dashboards, such as Tennessee, the group that creates the dashboard, usually a state Covid-19 response team, often does not have good access to underlying enrollment data.
My hope was that by examining this the way I was trained in the Navy, I could offer some context on how something as seemingly innocuous as fertilizer could cause so much damage.
He added that family offices could help preserve private businesses through their investments.
Born in the Victorian age, Sylvia lived until the advent of the Swinging Sixties.
Unfortunately, I think it’s probably going to be competitive.” Journalists were not invited to the president’s campaign breakfast at his hotel, but a New York Times reporter was dining in the restaurant as a guest.
President Trump has publicly commended President Xi Jinping’s handling of the crisis and even called for greater commercial ties, including the sale of jet engines to China.
But at nine institutions federally designated as work colleges, working is incorporated into the curriculum to offset tuition and fees.
It’s not easy to construct high-stakes pediatric drama without endangering children, though I’ve tried.
Microsoft, which had its own antitrust battle two decades ago, has told British regulators that if it were the default option on iPhones and iPads, it would make more advertising money for every search on its rival search engine, Bing.
With the new Echo: Surveillance State™, Amazon employees will communicate with you directly, and let you know what they really think of you.
Few funds managed to produce better gains in the fourth quarter than the three profiled by Tim Gray.
Sulzberger said that with so many people alive to remember what happened, the show was particularly concerned with plumbing the nuances of the story.
All you have to do is beat him.
But, she added, “he was also an active supporter of eugenics, and his writings on the subject are at direct odds with U.S.C.’s multicultural community and our mission of diversity and inclusion.” A Republican-led Senate committee voted behind closed doors on Wednesday to require the Pentagon to rename military bases and other assets named after Confederate officers and generals within three years, just as President Trump publicly declared he would not tolerate such a move.
The unrest in faraway places like Portland, Ore., and Minneapolis had arrived at his doorstep, after a white police officer on Sunday shot a Black man in the back multiple times.
De niño, cuando le contaba a la gente que era adoptado, solía decir que había llegado prefabricado, que simplemente aparecí una noche de verano en el aeropuerto de Baltimore, donde me recibieron mi mamá, mi papá y mi hermana, con dulces, flores y besos.
“The sellout mouthpieces receive money for their work and are then killed as supposedly innocent victims,” he wrote.
Mr. Tur called Captain Nettleton “a son of a bitch or ass,” Captain Ross testified, and loudly, graphically accused Captain Nettleton of having had sex with his wife, according to both Captain Ross and Ms. Wirfel, who heard it.
He cited a recent national report describing poor diet as “now the leading cause of poor health in the U.S.” and the cause of more than half a million deaths per year.
More than 200 blazes are still burning, many of them completely uncontrolled.
• The Times received 14 Emmy nominations for work published on our site, and our television show, “The Weekly,” was nominated for nine awards.
Anyway, it’s obvious the minute you hear Sarsgaard hiss his first line that Drew’s 300K has nowhere to go but south.
Occasionally a photo would pop up of a group of people defiantly calling themselves undefeated, as though the coronavirus was a terrorist and that if we just stand close enough together it will not win.
Le Brassus is less than 40 miles north of Geneva, but it is an area of farmlands and vineyards, set against the pine tree-speckled peaks of the Jura mountains.
I hope you’ll sign up today, if you haven’t already.
“The genocidal history of the Soviet regime that undergirds the history of it all can easily get lost in the whole Spy vs. Spy, Get Smart, ‘Moose and Squirrel’ vibe,” a Smithsonian Magazine writer wrote shortly after it opened.
As a result, Mr. Prasad said, “we just can’t get our hands on that hot glue gun needed to finish a fashion design project.”
New York was particularly hard hit, in part because New York leaders initially did not take this seriously enough.
“If you’re making pancakes every morning, maybe your skillet is kept right on the burner,” said Faith Roberson, a Manhattan home organizer.
“If one of these guys gets sick, we’ll shut down,” he said.
“I’m basically risking my life,” said Mr. Morales, 41, a truck driver for a liquor distributor.
For the immediate future, the hope is that agreement can be reached across party lines on Thursday, allowing the rules to be changed without needing a vote with at least 40 lawmakers present.
“A gentleman that lives in Green Bay and has C.O.P.D.
But their market values remain well below where they were before the announcement, suggesting the longer-term effects of the rules will be harder to shake.
With mosques closed, imams reading the Quran online, and families practicing social distancing at home, the holiday, which began on Thursday night, is looking profoundly different across the globe.
Sin embargo, en secreto, México estaba convencido de que su enemigo más mortal no estaba en el corazón de Europa sino en el océano Pacífico: Japón.
Swirl in the butter and more salt if needed.
When Eden Chen wants to go sneaker shopping, he takes out his smartphone and points the camera at his feet.
They shouldn’t be taken, especially by children, without medical supervision.
Mr. Honcharuk said the recordings of discussions with senior government officials had been doctored and leaked by people seeking to show that he and his team “don’t respect the president,” in hopes of impeding Mr. Zelensky’s efforts to fight systemic corruption.
A closer examination of such images sometimes revealed hulking buildings, surrounded by high walls, watchtowers and barbed-wire internal fencing — features that distinguished detention facilities from other large public compounds like schools or hospitals.
So it’s a rainy day.
Absentee ballot data from the Wisconsin Election Commission shows that, as of Tuesday morning, Waukesha County voters have returned 78 percent as many absentee ballots as have Milwaukee County voters — a drastic narrowing of the voting gap between the two counties.
On Friday, a reporter for The Times asked why the quote remained on the A.P.
Hopes were high when Surveyor 2 lifted off from Cape Canaveral, Fla. (then known as Cape Kennedy), on Sept. 20, 1966.
“I think the U-6 is a better indicator of the job market than the 10 percent unemployment rate,” said Beth Ann Bovino, chief U.S. economist at S&P Global.
But the American Civil Liberties Union condemned Mr. Trump’s vow in a statement from Hina Shamsi, its national security project director.
With nothing to go on, he resorted to inventing a character wildly different from the shy, stylish writer.
A new report found that popular online dating services like Grindr, OkCupid and Tinder are sharing their users’ personal information with advertising and marketing companies.
Warren County officials said they were unaware of any other positive cases.
Though now known as a celebrity hangout, the coastal town has been a haven for surfers, back-to-the-landers and backpackers since the 1960s.
Mr. Trump, former officials have said, is typically uninterested in election interference briefings, and Mr. Grenell might see it as unwise to emphasize such intelligence with the president.
South Korea started testing people much earlier than the United States, allowing health authorities to track potential routes of contagion and isolate the infected.
“Our assessment identifies which specific skills at each grade level the student does and does not know,” Mr.
“There is a war going on behind the scenes, and we’re most worried about poorer countries losing out,” said Dr. Catharina Boehme, the chief executive of Foundation for Innovative New Diagnostics, which collaborates with the World Health Organization in helping poorer countries gain access to medical tests.
Our brains are the ultimate skimmers.
Furthermore, the American Academy of Pediatrics and the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics strongly discourage the use of home-kit genetic testing of children.
Mr. Nagels said that most start with produce like lettuce and herbs, but “I’m growing eggplant right now and a ton of cherry tomatoes.” Gretchen Krusyman, the co-chief executive of Johnny’s Selected Seeds, a large seller of organic seeds for home gardeners and farmers alike, said of the demand for seeds: “Every day it just increases.
Amazon, meanwhile, may emerge from the crisis with an even greater market share of book sales.
I’m bringing my own voice and performance into it, using that awkwardness, playing with the mix between singer-songwriter and producer and how those connect.” For “7G,” he gave himself numerical targets and narrowed down his favorite studio tools; along with guitar, piano and drums, one of the seven discs features “Supersaw,” a waveform that creates rough, bassy, buzzing tones often used in electronic dance music.
That Ms. Whitmer, a well-regarded Democratic governor of a battleground state, could vault into the top circle of contenders shows just how fluid Mr. Biden’s selection process has been — but it also illustrates the complex considerations involved in choosing a running mate based on her record during a crisis, one that shows no sign of ending soon.
Algunas de las personas con las que platiqué pudieron identificar objetos similares.
One-way hallways now often route students outdoors, then back inside to reach the next class.
“We created the structure of a nonprofit in 24 hours.” A strategy of public and private pressure took shape, but Mann worried about disjointed or predictable messages.
The group registered as a 501(c)(3) organization in 2015, and is taking advantage of that to run as a nonprofit in earnest, with a redesigned website, fund-raising for musicians, education initiatives and partnerships — including one with the Renaissance School for the Arts in East Harlem that begins on Tuesday.
Ukraine’s president, Volodymyr Zelensky, fired his chief of staff on Tuesday in a personnel shake-up affecting central figures on the Ukrainian side of the events leading to the impeachment trial of President Trump.
The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, the agency led by Dr. Anthony Fauci and Moderna’s partner on the vaccine, has not commented.
The officials envisioned the plan not only saving civilian lives, but also offering protection against claims of American complicity in war crimes.
Gilead has been inundated with requests for “compassionate use” access to the drug from doctors with dying patients who are desperate to try anything that might help.
Mr. Heller, 39, has spent his career in the nonprofit world and has been a consultant on neighborhood development projects in two dozen cities.
After each fight, Joe Rogan will interview the winners from at least six feet away.
When Sophie was in third grade — and my D.I.Y.
They’ve been sent to enforce a dusk-to-dawn curfew imposed by Louisville’s mayor.
Current clinical research rarely accounts for this, leaving gaps in our understanding of many diseases.
On the Arkansas side of the river, where the governor has resisted a statewide mandate, some “nonessential” businesses remain open.
“I said, ‘Are you well?’ He says, ‘No,’” Mr. Trump said.
[The New York Times] London Breed, San Francisco’s mayor, declared a state of emergency over the coronavirus.
Levels of carbon dioxide had to be carefully managed; Mr. Cannon was poisoned by too much carbon dioxide, and it was later discovered that a crucial canister, which was supposed to be filled with a chemical that absorbed the CO2 in recirculated air, had been empty.
Something genuinely anomalous or difficult to explain happens, and it’s followed by increasingly elaborate explanations—explanations that are designed, ultimately, to resist positive or negative confirmation.
— Rolf Sternglanz (Stony Brook, N.Y.) Stein: I don’t believe in co-winners of such awards, so no.
Some 70 percent of America’s long-term care facilities are run by for-profit companies, including private investment firms.
None of this is to claim that when it comes to internet surveillance, the United States government or American tech firms are free from sin.
“The new affiliation rule is clearly targeted at the bigger sponsors with a substantial portfolio,” Ian Walker, head of U.S. middle market research at Covenant Review, said, using an industry term for private-equity firms.
“Unfortunately, it often takes a claim to find out how badly high-value bikes are insured.” One customer who had a $2,000 bike stolen from his garage recently, Mr. Williams said, only received $183 after filing a claim with his insurance company.
— Class Enemy, United States Worse than war is the near certainty that Iran will be a nuclear power soon.
He later began writing short stories, which were published in magazines starting in the late 1950s.
Two other candidates, Michael R. Bloomberg and Tom Steyer, are billionaires using their personal fortunes to fund their efforts.
She likens measures of poverty and food insecurity to blood pressure and temperature.
Share prices have risen as investors bet that companies looking to trim costs and reduce head count seek their services.
And now, with a population of about 44 million people, the Caribbean may contain more Taino DNA than it did in 1491.
Responding on Feb. 24 to a letter from 49 members of Congress about the need for testing in the states, he wrote, “CDC’s aggressive response enables us to identify potential cases early and make sure that they are properly handled.” Days later, his agency provided a workaround, telling state and local health department labs that they could finally begin testing.
“Just how far removed the state is from these operations is always the open question,” said Christoph Hebeisen, Lookout’s director of security intelligence.
The United States stole this dream by occupying the island and denying Cuba a victory over Spain in 1898.
By the time CNN aired the footage on Wednesday night, the two candidates had not spoken about the exchange, people familiar with their whereabouts said, though they were expected to be in close contact when the Senate convenes Friday.
“If you’re traveling right now, be prepared to advocate for yourself,” she wrote, adding that, “United did not follow their own social distancing guidelines,” and many travelers were not wearing masks.
Five other people were charged in the apparent scheme, including Nancy New, a politically connected figure who was the executive director of the Mississippi Community Education Center, one of the two nonprofit groups mentioned in the report.
Days after Ms. Majors’s death, a 13-year-old was arrested in the episode — a cellphone robbery gone wrong, according to the authorities.
Con mayor regularidad les pregunta a sus colaboradores: “¿Qué debemos hacer?” e interroga a sus amigos sobre “¿Cómo luce todo?”, mientras corrige de rumbo en público, dijeron los asesores.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
Investment in technology such as e-prescribing has increased safety and efficiency, the companies said.
So we posted the posthumous episode [of Shelton’s 2015 interview].
As an example, other experts pointed to the fact that, in the administration’s own analysis, the overall economic impact of rolling back the auto rule could range from a net cost to the economy of $22 billion to a net benefit of $6.4 billion.
And healthy individuals, especially those with essential jobs who cannot avoid public transportation or close interaction with others, may need to start wearing masks more regularly.
The autopsy found that he died of a brain injury because of cardiopulmonary arrest that was caused by “positional and compressional asphyxia during prone restraint.” The report also said that Mr. Neville had other “significant conditions,” including “acute altered mental status” and asthma.
I thought, if I don’t have any money, there’s a train station in San Antonio and we could do this close to home.
CheapCaribbean.com currently has three nights at the all-inclusive Grand Palladium Jamaica Resort and Spa from $450 a person, including flights.
We compiled a selection of their responses in this roundup.
She’d been at it for decades, actually, and had developed a board game, “Landing Mr. Right,” which was designed to help women attain a sense of levity during the tribulations of dating.
He was firmly focused on winning championships.
Discovered in Uruguay, the skull suggests that the largest saber-toothed tigers might have been able to take down giant plant-eaters, as heavy as pickup trucks, that researchers had thought were untouchable.
“The troublemakers in Hong Kong cannot be allowed to collude with foreign anti-China forces to impose sanctions on the city and confront China,” Xie Feng, China’s foreign affairs commissioner in Hong Kong, said at a news briefing in May.
groups in the United States, there has been a consistent link between criminal activity and the group, according to the Anti-Defamation League.
Tenant: Beer Witch Landlord: Michael Pintchik Brokers: Peter Schubert and Bill Strassman of TerraCRG $23 MILLION 25-11 38th Avenue (at 27th Street) Queens This 31,438-square-foot building in Long Island City was built in 2018.
The order has revived a debate over stigmatized body art.
Before Mr. Jones was charged in March, the last major union president to be accused in a criminal case was Roy L. Williams, then the president of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters.
Mr. Trump had telegraphed his intent to rally around the robust economy; instead, there are record jobless claims.
Vaccines are the first real rays of hope, but the coronavirus still reigns unchecked, a new variant is stoking new fears, and much of the continent is under some form of lockdown.
They bought the house for $1.152 million.
Their superpower is what Natalie Maines, the lead singer, calls “a true ability to not care.” “In an industry that’s never really loved them or defended them, they became a testament to female self-reliance,” Amanda Hess writes in a profile of the band, whose new album is set for release.
Mark EversLake Oswego, Ore. To the Editor: Re “New York Law on Immigrants Spurs Reprisal” (front page, Feb. 7): President Trump’s targeting of New York State for retribution for a new law allowing undocumented immigrants to obtain driver’s licenses points up yet another drawback to the Electoral College system.
Mr. Aronson soon formed an investment firm specializing in leveraged buyouts of retailers.
The job growth reflected mostly laid-off or furloughed workers returning to their jobs — the number of people who reported permanently losing their jobs was higher in May.
Ms. Scott, an author who was once married to Jeff Bezos, the founder and chief executive of Amazon, announced in a Medium post on Tuesday that she had given nearly $4.2 billion to 384 organizations in just the last four months.
Mr. Weinstein is charged with criminal sexual act in Ms. Haley’s case and with two counts of rape in Ms. Mann’s.
White House officials drafted an executive order that would make it easier for federal regulators to argue that companies like Facebook, Google and Twitter are suppressing free speech when they move to suspend users or delete posts.
If a candidate claims victory on election night before news outlets call the race, or if one news outlet is calling it but nobody else is, you should not take those claims at face value.
Several years of this have built up a climate of mistrust that it’s unclear the enterprise can recover from.
And that’s what attracted me to the company.
He has always been dogged by this idea, and it’s an insecurity he’s talked about a lot himself, that he was not necessarily a policy heavyweight or a brilliant thinker.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
Call it a “fair wage guarantee.” For instance, if an employer hires our former $12-an-hour worker at her new $21-an-hour income level, then the employer would get a federal subsidy equal to $9 an hour to cover it.
The police swooped in on the compound at 6 a.m. on a June morning, climbing over the fence, he says, and seized 4,545 high-end bottles, including his prized 2003 cabernet sauvignon.
This was a so-called mezzanine loan, which meant that it would be repaid only after the Deutsche Bank debt had been satisfied.
Sin, a Yale graduate (cognitive science and English) and part of the Junzi team from the beginning, was struck by recent research that showed a precipitous decline in mom-and-pop Chinese restaurants across America.
Su copa florece en el cielo y sus raíces abrazan todo lo que les rodea.
In 2016, according to the lawsuit, she asked the police to reopen the investigation after another woman contacted her and shared a similar account of sexual assault by Masterson.
It’s the end of the summer, when many of us are voraciously consuming tomatoes “as if storing sunshine for the cold months ahead,” as Alexis Weibel put it.
Barbara is so sad and has always wanted this other life, and with that comes so much anger that she didn’t even realize she had.
Anthony Davis had 8 points and added 3 rebounds, but he also picked up two fouls, which may cause issues as the game progresses.
The story begins with Doron undercover in a Palestinian village, where he mentors a young boxer (Ala Dakka) while hunting the boxer’s cousin, a Hamas operative.
Here, I’m hoping the dense theme interlock is interesting to discover with some fun supporting fill.
Perhaps the logic of polarization will eventually help restore stability.
“If the answer is no, then I wouldn’t reach out for closure at this time when you’re feeling so vulnerable,” she said.
Medication made the rational voice, the one that talked me through panic, a lot louder and more convincing.
“There are significant U.S. government resources now, what, three-plus years on, devoted to getting to the bottom of this and then holding those responsible accountable — should we determine that that’s required,” he said.
What’s lurking, I hope, somewhere deep down inside is our shared ferocious love for our common country and a vision for the role America could play as the great pluralist beacon of the 21st century.
Board members have attended harassment training sessions and updated codes of conduct.
Under state law, ballots must be received by Election Day.
Mr. Smith is setting up virtual critiques connecting this network of students with established artists and writers.
Taiwan is not a member of the health organization, and Beijing, which claims the self-ruled island as its own, exerts tremendous pressure to keep the W.H.O.
In the middle, I looked at where I was and thought: There are still 590 to go, what the heck?
It’s normal (and even desirable) that the structure of your work will change drastically between drafts; it’s a sign that you’re developing the piece as a whole, rather than just fixing the small problems.
They divided themselves into small groups across town to keep tabs of who needed groceries or supplies.
“Black Americans want to stop being killed.” She found clarity here that she was missing as a presidential candidate.
Thibodeau went 255-139 with the Bulls but was fired in 2015 after clashes with the front office.
Most surprising, the Giants did not claim their most meaningful victory in several years with skulduggery or a novel game plan that knocked Seattle off its usual, efficient rhythm.
But much has also changed for Apple in the years since Tim Cook, its chief executive, excoriated the Obama administration publicly and privately in 2014 for attacking strong encryption.
In invoking the Supreme Court’s “original jurisdiction,” Texas asked the justices to act as a trial court to settle a dispute between states, a procedure theoretically possible under the Constitution but employed sparingly, typically in cases concerning water rights or boundary disputes.
LeBron James and his family were great at dancing to Drake’s “Toosie Slide” song.
While officials in the United States wait for the Fed to act, government help is more forthcoming in parts of Europe.
How has that been going?
“The thing that is characteristic will be seen to be a defiant response where all communities come together to condemn it and prove that we can continue all to live together in harmony.” Knife crime in England and Wales has been on the rise for several years and reached a record annual high for the year ending March 2020, according to a government report.
But the slow loris is also one of the world’s very few venomous mammals.
Can you speak to the decision to have more youthful writers be a part of the project?
Katherine Bollinger, a writer in Manhattan, kept her 3-year-old daughter home from preschool when she had a runny nose.
For those of you who are just joining or just joined a few minutes ago, again, this is the beginning the series of 1:00 PM Eastern time live Twitter chats by opinion columnists and writers at ‘the New York Times.’ I’m Frank Bruni, an opinion columnist at ‘the Time.’ I’m doing this first one.
“Few clients are buying vacation homes.
Bank capital levels are much higher, meaning big banks that nearly toppled in 2008 can withstand major losses.
The job was another step on a steady rise through the Mets organization for Rojas.
To the Editor: Re “‘Reopening Schools in Florida Is Likened to Operation to Get Bin Laden” (news article, Aug. 20): Comparing a Navy SEALs operation to reopening schools, as Florida’s governor, Ron DeSantis, did, is worth a close examination.
Mr. de Blasio also said that if schools were closed for an extended period, children would congregate elsewhere and the disease would spread.
I don’t know what happens with us.
Last week’s mantra was, “Take your profits immediately; ask questions later.” That meant there were many more sellers in the equity markets than buyers.
“I’m no different from everyone else: I’m consumed by the politics of our time and I can see why that’s become the bread and butter of the people she has.” The series started in 1996 when Grossman managed to get Joan Didion’s publicist on the phone.
My chosen purpose in life is to be a musician, a composer, a conductor.
But those with long memories doubt it.
He added that vendors like Pico, Stripe and MailChimp have made it easier for media companies to outsource business functions.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Henry David Thoreau and Walt Whitman are said to be among his champions.
“I felt like if I hadn’t been in the hospital I could have advocated for her.” She arrived in time, at 5:45 on Friday afternoon, to be with Ms. Thomas as she died.
After the police shut down the Clark occupation, Hemphill traveled to Minneapolis to help support the organizers who were recovering from the debilitating stress of that experience.
“I should not have been there,” he said, regretting that his presence “created a perception of the military involved in domestic politics.” (Watch the video.)
Some Wall Street observers attribute the recent market slump to the fact that stock prices — in particular shares of some big technology companies — had become too expensive after rising roughly 60 percent since late March, when the Federal Reserve moved to prop up the economy.
Collagen injections to bulk up the urethra are also an option, though they aren’t likely to be as effective as surgery, according to a 2017 JAMA review of treatments by Dr. Lukacz and colleagues, and must be repeated to maintain the effects.
He need not worry, she added: “Our hope is that he returns here.” Declan Walsh reported from Cairo, and Elisabetta Povoledo from Rome.
I’m starting to feel sensitive about my baby’s constant crying in public.
That same month, at an Amazon warehouse on Staten Island, a group of workers walked out over safety concerns, chanting, “How many cases we got?
So while experts hope that hot weather will shortly bring a reprieve from the coronavirus — the flu is already on the retreat — there’s no solid evidence.
“It’s the spirit of our times,” Mr. Newsom said last week.
As Ms. Barnum said on Tuesday in an email, “the whole premise was that we would look nonviolent and it would force the federal officers to take a pause.” In 2017, President Trump famously mentioned that he thought the women in the White House should “dress like women,” which loosely translated seemed to mean “dress like Ivanka.” In response, women across the country took to social media posting pictures of themselves as individuals clad as they saw fit: as astronauts, firefighters, boxers.
They will also own their own intellectual property, meaning they will get the money if Hollywood shows an interest in their work for Defector.
Most of the excess deaths occurred in the city of Guayaquil, a bustling city of three million where the spike in mortality was comparable to what New York City experienced at the peak of the pandemic.
“If I were to read this in a professional environment, at my office, I would be dragged to the equal opportunity office.” “When you have books you could not read publicly without going to E.O., that’s probably a pretty good litmus test,” he said.
This video shows you how to make a no-sew mask out of jeans and a scarf.
Some in Kenosha said the shooting showed the city was past due for basic police reforms that have already been adopted across the country.
I looked at myself one morning, and I was like, ‘Who are you?’” Mr. Ellis said.
Sin embargo, los perros adolescentes no atormentan a sus verdaderas madres.
However, pools and water parks present unique challenges for following those guidelines.
The pandemic has prompted an outpouring of works by public intellectuals purporting to draw meaning from the crisis, and to prescribe the necessary solutions.
“As long as they generate revenue, why bother to change?” Redwood said.
But, seeking more diversity in the format, she sought refuge a year later at WFUV, of which she had been a fan for some time.
Albee Zhang and Claire Fu contributed research.
Then in 2012, he started a copper business called Colossus, which bought scrap metal at auction, in the form of disused telecom cables or electrical transformers.
That was the point of Nicolas Ghesquière’s Vuitton show, which began in the gloom of a black box stuck in that deserted Louvre courtyard.
And unfortunately, the really sad thing is that that happened really soon after that.
The Postal Service has been an engine of growth for the black middle class, and is one of the last strongholds of organized labor in the country, both critical constituencies for the modern Democratic Party.
“Nuclear reactors are highly automated for a reason: Humans often do not have fast enough reaction times to push the rods in if the reactor goes critical.”
The trips no longer fill us with dread, at least not the heavy type that turns a normally busy and loud family into a quiet one where even our children would press pause on their exuberance as they waited for their mother to return from Mass General with news.
“The range of emotions has been huge,” he said on Wednesday.
“It is very difficult if the doctor needs to talk to two people if they do not act together,” she said.
Even as they privately haggled over the aid bill on Thursday, Republicans publicly defied Mr. Trump on another matter, voting for the annual military policy bill that he has threatened to veto over its requirement that the Pentagon rename bases named for Confederate figures.
Antenna Will transmit data directly to Earth.
But in many areas of the reef, for miles and miles, corals that were once colorful are now white, brittle and broken, or gray and covered with unsightly bacteria.
But “it shouldn’t be more onerous, in theory, because these are very speedy and streamlined,” she said, adding that such approvals can happen within 24 hours.
“He’s amazing.” As New York City started to shut down in mid-March, Mr. Gentile quickly lost his job.
Commissioner Shea has been under immense pressure during the pandemic, and more than 40 members of the Police Department have died of Covid-19, said Mr. Wexler of the Police Executive Research Forum, who has spoken to Commissioner Shea several times in recent months.
But sometimes it’s just not enough I think.
The wood was sorted based on how long each piece was estimated to have been exposed, from briefest to longest, in the hopes of understanding what types of creature settle on which substrate.
There is no flower culture elsewhere like the Bolshoi theater.
O han estado ciegos a una verdad que la historia de mi cuerpo los obliga a ver, o de verdad quieren honrar a los opresores a expensas de los oprimidos y, por fin, deben reconocer su interés emocional en un legado de odio.
Some gave fake names, said they just wanted to light a cigar or that they hated following laws.
The day after Bush was sworn into office, a group of prominent Republicans, including Newt Gingrich and Grover Norquist, met with representatives from the Arab and Muslim communities to discuss issues of concern, including racial profiling.
“But it’s quite frankly easier to time things when you don’t have people to laugh at them.” Gilbert said the series will not dwell on the darkest parts of the pandemic — “People get that on the news every day,” she said — but that the show, which is set in the current moment, will reflect real-world events.
Which, I guess, at first blush, seems like something people might be worried about.
“People want to listen to him no matter what he says.
Mr. Trump failed to reach 45 percent support in any poll.
“The more we can tamp down the epidemic,” he said, “the more quickly we can protect the economy.” Perhaps the greater loss in the season of 2020 will be those for whom the hourglass will run out of sand.
“If the sovereignty map is favorable, I will accept it with open arms.
After spending about eight hours in session on Wednesday, of a maximum of 24, they have time to flesh out their case on Thursday.
The University of Oxford’s vaccine is in large trials in Britain, Brazil and South Africa.
The right to exercise religion in accordance with conscience is one of the most important in the Bill of Rights, and it is time for mayors and governors — and courts — to treat it that way.
“There are a lot of people here who have been out of work for a while, who desperately want work,” Mr. Leyland said.
But we were caught completely off guard by this virus.
Final planting lists are still being determined.
And among the out-of-work steelworkers who put together a striptease act to raise money and morale in “The Full Monty,” which opened on Broadway in 2000, Mr. McNally made sure to expand on a gay relationship only briefly indicated in the British film on which the musical was based.
Fears over the virus have fueled discrimination around the world.
She continued her studies in New York and in Europe, and won prizes in several international competitions, before commencing her career.
ARCSEC is a new entry, though, so it counts as unusual in my book.
(Try it in a marinade, and in a vinaigrette.)
Doctors are working longer hours and, faced with shortages of the key drug remdesivir, doctors and nurses are having to choose between patients and even to change the remdesivir criteria to use it later in the disease.
(The two face off in their third contest on March 2.)
“I know.” “In many ways, I’m happier without her,” you said.
Many insurance executives argue that pandemics are uninsurable.
Find a no-fee apartment, and there are certainly some out there.
Page had plans to turn the Toledo house into a shelter for victims of domestic abuse, Mr. Goolsby said.
“Things have changed a lot.” Mr. Piens said he was right to have resisted turning Art Paris into a clone of other large, global fairs, where visitors see “practically the same things,” regardless of where they go, and “it’s like driving down the same highways, with the same names and the same galleries all over.” Johanna Chromik, artistic director of Viennacontemporary, also noted that local — meaning Austrian — collectors made that fair a success this year, accounting for half of sales, up from the usual one-third.
The Tillandsia necklace, for example, is set with two pale green oval-cut beryls of more than 80 carats each, nestled in a wide mesh and framed by a splay of rutilated quartz, white diamonds and fancy yellow, orange and brown diamonds.
Whatever you’re doing to get by, try to make some time for some great journalism.
“It occurred to me that ‘axion’ sounded like the name of a particle and really ought to be one.” When he realized that the Peccei-Quinn theory implied a particle, he saw his chance.
Then on March 13, the museum closed because of the coronavirus, less than halfway through its scheduled run.
Lavin got to know the subculture to the point where she became fluent in its language, with its self-important feints at Norse mythology and a rudimentary numerology.
All other effort serves some other need.
“The longer you stay in an area where there’s this potential for transmission, the greater the likelihood that something could happen,” Dr. Hedberg said.
Lisa Kaplan, the founder of Alethea Group, a company that helps fight election-related misinformation, said the flood of falsehoods was undermining faith in democracy.
“The only promise that could be inferred from the evidence presented at trial is that Silver promised to keep Taub happy as the opportunities to do so arose,” but such a promise, without more, fell short of what the law required, the judge added.
“But if we are asked by our country, we will serve.
He’s been running for decades as multifaceted business that has operations and assets all over the world.
Contact tracing is generally used to identify and isolate the infected, and thereby to slow the spread of the coronavirus.
Bring an extra shirt to stash at work in case of milk spills or leakage.
Check out our full coverage.
The cops claimed that everything on sale was stolen, but actually stolen goods were sold along Second Avenue after midnight.
game — you don’t want to leave, because a lot of things don’t happen till the last third.” This time, finally, real fans could take the advice.
During low tide, tour groups and school classes can descend a walkway into the marsh, where they can closely study the Hudson estuary, a vast ecosystem where the saltwater of the Atlantic Ocean mingles with the freshwater of the river and its tributaries.
On Friday, the governor cut the ribbon on a new lab the state built in partnership with the company PerkinElmer that will double the state’s current testing capacity, once it’s at full capacity in March — a move Mr. Newsom has said will help more schools, health care facilities and businesses operate more safely.
The House cleared it on Wednesday afternoon without a formal vote.
I’m going to end up.
“It is obvious that the electoral measures, the democratic and political ones of all kinds, have been exhausted,” Captain Nieto said in the video, defending the decision to try to topple the Venezuelan government with arms.
“We don’t want these companies to go out of business,” he said.
PARELES Gordon Koang grew up along the Nile in what is now South Sudan.
As the Yankees’ pitchers and catchers reported to spring training on Wednesday, they had plenty to be excited about.
When his youngest daughter, Chicora, known as Chim, who was an Aggie, was marrying another Aggie, Mr. Williams attended the wedding wearing an Aggie-maroon tuxedo.
Some of their questions focused on the roles played by Charles Faulkner, a former Raytheon lobbyist who worked in the State Department’s legislative affairs bureau, and Marik String, a former deputy assistant secretary in the political-military affairs bureau who became a top department legal adviser in late May.
— Samuel Pepys, diary I have let myself go and am less strict with myself.
The cast and crew are tested daily for the coronavirus, while audiences are required to wear masks, have their temperatures checked upon arrival and follow a one-way system through a building that has hand sanitizer in evidence at every turn.
Call me at any point.
Growing up in a black neighborhood of Chicago, Katherine W. Phillips was chosen in third grade to attend a nearly all-white magnet school.
“I run the school system,” along with the schools chancellor, Richard A. Carranza, Mr. de Blasio said, citing mayoral control of city schools.
With Mr. Murphy supporting Ms. Kennedy, it is unsurprising to Trenton insiders that her opponent, Brigid Callahan Harrison, a professor at Montclair State University, has the backing of two fellow Democrats who are often at odds with the governor: Stephen M. Sweeney, the State Senate president; and Mr. Norcross.
He accused the victims of being closeted gay men lying about the assaults, according to British news accounts of the trial.
The city has $1.4 billion budgeted over the next five years for upgrades and replacements, including new pipes made of a more durable, graphite-rich cast iron known as ductile iron.
At the time, Ms. Shalala had said she had sold a number of the stocks in question since she had been elected to Congress, but then faced criticism for not disclosing more than 500 transactions as required by law.
The number of people reporting that their job losses were permanent rose to 3.4 million in August, from 2.9 million in July.
“Give America a fair trial,” he concluded.
Meals have been irregular, and only on Thursday were small groups finally permitted to go outside and breathe some fresh air.
A simplified antagonism that shattered a generation.
For the past three years, a neuroscientist named Adie Rae has designed the survey used to judge the winners of the Cultivation Classic, an annual competition sponsored by an alt-weekly in Portland, Ore. Cannabis competitions are common, but the Cultivation Classic may be the only one that requires its judges to spend an afternoon listening to a scientist talk about predictive algorithms and blinded studies.
Wrestling matches faded into background noise.
What if every time your mind wandered off while writing an article, you could, with the aid of your concentration implant, prod it back to the task at hand, finally completing those life-changing projects you’ve never gotten around to finishing?
Some retailers, including Next, Zalando and Amazon, say they plan to pull Boohoo clothing from their sites.
In a roughly 45-minute conversation released Wednesday, the Obamas expressed concern about some younger Americans’ apathy toward politics and government and blamed parents like themselves for telling their children to dream big without working to institutionalize the values that they espoused around the dinner table.
Similarly, places like Fresno are within a relatively short drive of the wealthy and expensive Bay Area.
Mr. Smith had jotted on the calendar weeks earlier a weekend date with his wife at the Cheesecake Factory in Lexington, 45 minutes away.
Several workers walked off the job at an Amazon warehouse in Staten Island on Monday.
Repudiation from various parts of the United States made it clear that Arizona’s crackdown had been awful for business.
Bigger picture: While infection rates in the hardest-hit cities in the United States and Europe have slowed, the global peak of infection may still be months away.
“¡Se acabó, carajo!”, dijo otro manifestante, haciéndose eco de las palabras que el presidente había usado para condenar una investigación del tribunal en contra de algunos de sus partidarios, que participan en campañas de desinformación y amenazan a los jueces.
A president with credibility would be able to set clear red lines that might influence Iran’s behavior in coming weeks.
Tossed with hot noodles and pasta water, the vegetables stay crisp, while the cheese melts.
Thousands of demonstrators streamed into some of Hong Kong’s busiest neighborhoods on Sunday in the city’s largest street mobilization in months.
Digital versions of the SAT and ACT are being developed for high school students to take at home this fall if schools stay closed.
We’re drawing chalk murals, driving sound trucks through neighborhoods & flying banners over Milwaukee.
Also inhabiting the more experimental fringes of theater was Anta Helena Recke’s “Blows to Humanity” from the Münchner Kammerspiele.
Not because she liked her or would even forgive her, but because she gave her what she needed.
It feels like such a great release.
Often, such records contain translations of words and phrases extracted under interrogation, in an effort to understand how a gang might have planned a heist or defrauded a villager.
“I always wanted a treehouse as a kid and I never got one,” said Mr. Bowes, 46.
I can post links to the hilarious and the kind and the informative and the fantastic until the cows come home.
The religious and health authorities were unprepared for the sense of stigma that having the disease carried, as well as the fear that touching the body would risk contagion.
Was Ms. Merkel really wrong in judging that giving money to struggling Europeans in the midst of a devastating public health crisis is a better way to defend Europe’s values than depriving illiberal governments of European funds?
“We don’t know if an even bigger quake could be coming.
That fall, white families were crowding the school tours at SIS, not because the test scores had improved — the new scores hadn’t even come out yet — but because the other white families made them feel blissfully comfortable.
Ms. Young said she began laughing nervously.
(My work; dancing; being outdoors; being with my loved ones).
Historians and tribal leaders said that her selection represented a watershed moment in the United States’ scarred history with its Native people.
Even for Ms. Futter, who began visiting the museum as a girl of 5 or younger, it was emotional to return.
“But it’s not just a U.S. problem — it’s happening all over the world.” Thousands of people filled the streets outside the U.S. Embassy in London on Sunday, chanting George Floyd’s name and “Black lives matter,” “Let us live” and “No justice, no peace.” And when the protesters took to their knees, a protest gesture often seen in anti-racism campaigns, cries were heard of “The U.K. is not innocent.” “We came to protest the injustice of the justice system and the deaths and killings of black people everywhere,” said Iyanah Gordon, one of a group of 18-year-old friends from South London who were at the protest.
Editors shorten written sentences, but in this puzzle, to “Shorten the sentence, maybe?” is to COP A PLEA.
So what happens if we don’t implement any of these measures?
He said he was advised to make the threat conditional.
[NBC New York] Citi Bike promised to add thousands of its electric bikes to city streets this summer, but several neighborhoods still don’t have any.
“I think the atmosphere has been understudied,” said Philip R. Christensen, a planetary sciences professor at Arizona State University, which built the infrared spectrometer for Hope.
When that season began, on March 20, the coronavirus pandemic had just brought much of the world to a standstill.
Mr. Webster, however, weighed 300 pounds at the time and had 12 permanently installed, very bright gold front teeth.
Tables in the break room were moved apart, but as employees who had stayed home returned to work, lunch became crowded; Amazon added an extra break time on April 21 after workers complained.
“I’m just amazed by the people who came out,” Shelley Salamensky said.
The unrest could provide a welcome break for the beleaguered Ms. Añez, by allowing her to shift the blame for a weak pandemic response on the protesters, said Diego von Vacano, a Bolivian political scientist at Texas A&M University.
Endeavor, the entertainment and sports conglomerate, expanded its sports representation business Tuesday by purchasing a stake in BDA Sports Management, the firm led by the influential N.B.A.
Mr. Meng resigned after compliance staff noticed that he had personal stakes in some of the investment firms that he was committing CalPERS’s money to, most notably Blackstone.
And there is no doubt that Robinhood has been among the most innovative standouts in the fintech space (especially in removing friction, which is at the heart of this app, and in offering new features like fractional shares).
“The American people, we’re a freedom-loving people, we can make good decisions,” she said.
In mid-August, Ms. Davis posted “6 Things You Can Do Right Now If You’re Worried About the Mail and the Election” to the group’s Instagram account.
“There’s buy-in.” Mr. Bloomberg has crisscrossed the country hoping for emotional buy-in.
Working with mice in the 2010s, he identified a part of the brain, called the nucleus accumbens, where activity spiked in a predictable pattern just before a mouse was about to gorge on high-fat food.
“I didn’t rig anything,” he said.
Its straightforward faith in the possibility of building a better world, from the ground up, is contagious.
The still-emerging tests for antibodies formed in response to the virus are the next stage in the battle.
The bill will include free coronavirus testing, paid emergency leave for workers, food security assistance, help to states overburdened by Medicaid costs and strengthened unemployment insurance, according to a joint statement issued Wednesday night by Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senator Chuck Schumer, the minority leader.
Hanks is playing a schmo rendered stateless after his made-up Eastern European nation (Krakozhia!)
Also a trick.” They shared a first kiss the night he cooked that dinner.
Which means in the span of two weeks, nearly 10 million workers in America file for unemployment benefits.
The hosts of the podcast, Jessie Blount and Lark Malakai Grey, are already quite comfortable with criticizing the series and its author while pointing out where things get, in their view, problematic (for instance, the underdevelopment of black characters).
He’s Going for Something, but what’s he going for?
Suddenly the piece feels light and buoyant.
— EMMA ORLOW Frederick Briggs Sr., 79, and his wife, Peggy, moved to Florida in 2012.
John denies the allegation, blaming ineffective legal counsel for the loss of his license.
The ramifications might be felt, he said, for generations.
Since becoming president, he has seemed to equate white supremacists marching to preserve a Confederate statue in Charlottesville, Va., in 2017 to the people who demonstrated against them.
Mr. Reaves said that at least two other people who worked in the office had since told him that they were self-isolating out of concern that they were exposed.
Eliminating those lines — as well as the less obvious impediments to voting throughout the United States — is critical.
Critics wanted equal benefits for all, financed by a redistributive payroll tax.
She’s wondering whether with her master’s degree in criminal justice she could get into professional counseling.
The two freshmen lawmakers named to the group, Ms. Garcia and Mr. Crow, both bring critical perspectives for the arguments to remove Mr. Trump.
They all went on a boat ride on the Bosporus.
Schmidt went home for the first time in nearly two weeks.
Con el apoyo de Rubio y otras personas, Bolton contrató a Claver-Carone ese agosto para dirigir el área de Asuntos Hemisféricos del Consejo de Seguridad Nacional.
Bathrooms have another unique hazard: toilet plume.
“She’s getting her master’s, and she’s very good in business analytics,” Lewellen said.
We are running out of time right now.
To this day, as young adults, when going for road trips to the lakes or Lake George we are always looking out the window, actively worried.
The only sure way to know if you have the virus is to get tested.
When it comes to discussing fertility issues with others, men often feel uncomfortable and may find it hard to cope.
“The BBC is uniquely vulnerable at this moment,” said Alan Rusbridger, a former editor in chief of the Guardian newspaper.
“The mental isolation I felt before became augmented with physical isolation,” he said.
By contrast, Cherington’s “Poetic License” feels arduous and labored, making us conscious of the enormous amount of studied control other authors must exert when writing intimate memoirs.
Some people are giving New Orleans a hard time about partying a month ago.
Finance management by Cassie Howley and production management by Frances Swanson.
And, as with gun violence, we throw up our hands and deem it intractable.
“But that isn’t stopping developers from pursuing oil and gas exploration there,” he said in criticizing the Fish and Wildlife Service proposal.
belonging to Tawfiq Wahdat, a member of Afghan parliament, exploded in the Khair Khana area of Kabul, the capital.
Designers say more significant transformations in automotive interiors to save weight and reduce plastics will take place by focusing on the materials onto which decorative elements are attached.
“There is no other market I can think of where that happens except health care.” There is little evidence that higher prices correlate with better care.
A department spokesman did not answer a question about Mr. Williams’s housing policy experience, but called him “a first-rate attorney with immense experience in this administration and in the public policy sphere.” John Ismay contributed reporting.
The learning losses that children might face from prolonged closures could be “catastrophic,” as the Times editorial board has written.
That gives many people chronic coughs and more serious lung disease.
We are in a fantasmatic version of late-1970s hedonism, and Anne directs gay porn flicks while a masked serial killer lays grisly waste to her actors — his weapons include a switchblade dildo.
My agent said they’d already offered the role to another Broadway performer, but that person was rethinking the challenge.
But before anything can happen, a human being needs to do the painstaking work of loading each sample into the machine.
President Trump has already appointed four judges to its bench.
Battery Park City, 255 Vesey Street (West Street), 212-889-2005, bluesmoke.com, goldbelly.com.
THE AVETT BROTHERS If your appetite for sentimentality hasn’t been sated by holiday films, this may be the livestream for you.
I mean, how could you not trust the guy who said heat would kill the coronavirus, that cases would go down to zero, that it will go away in April, that a vaccine would come out soon, that hydroxychloroquine could be a gift from heaven, and that it could be cured by eating Lysol wipes out of a salad bowl with a fork and a knife?” — SETH MEYERS “[imitating Trump] We won!
(The piece’s relationship to the United States, however, is undeniable: Think “sweet land of liberty.”) “We are all from somewhere,” Mr. Sharon said.
The company has yet to determine to what extent its dancers and other employees will be paid during this extended hiatus, said Jonathan Stafford, City Ballet’s artistic director.
Ninety-nine percent of the comments have been supportive, but I’m fixated on the 1 percent.
“Listen for the sound the furthest away, and the sound the closest to you.” It helped that her voice was backed by twittering birds and rustling sheep.
Well, so I’m sitting at my desk hitting the refresh button right before 10 o’clock and the case comes up.
But just how important is it, and how guilty should you feel if you don’t always meet the A.A.P.’s recommendations?
At least five versions of Mr. Moynihan’s original plan later, Mr. Cuomo broke ground for the project in 2017.
According to Mr. Alam’s suit, he “sent numerous reminders to the operational debtor and visited them personally at their office for settlement of outstanding dues.” His requests, say the lawsuit, “fell on deaf ears and nothing has been done to arrange for his legitimate dues, despite the operational debtor clearly admitting his liabilities towards outstanding dues.” In a response dated June 2019 and seen by The New York Times, the company said it didn’t have the cash to pay Mr. Alam: “We are agreed to pay March and April 2019 salary, leave encashment and also his gratuity.
Speaking on the ABC program “This Week,” Mr. Pompeo, the former C.I.A.
“It hasn’t altered, it hasn’t faltered.” Mr. Edwards declared a state of emergency as Zeta threatened to bring life-threatening storm surge along portions of the northern Gulf Coast by late Wednesday, when it is expected to make landfall in Louisiana.
During the 2008 election, for instance, Vermont experimented with mobile polling that sent trained election officials to selected nursing homes.
It was more akin to something we might see from someone already in the Oval Office, speaking to a country after a tragedy or during wartime.
En cierto sentido, era un retroceso.
The scientists would have to try again elsewhere, a dilemma that every other vaccine effort will face as well.
La hambruna persiguió a personas que nunca se habían considerado pobres, y los rituales que unieron a la comunidad durante generaciones fueron suspendidos, incluyendo la cancelación de una de las mayores celebraciones católicas de Latinoamérica por primera vez en más de 150 años.
And his embrace of expensive, big-government social programs like health care and college-debt forgiveness, combined with new wealth taxes and a desire to more aggressively regulate lending and banking, felt to many Wall Streeters like an assault on their way of life.
She also found that social isolation, loneliness and living alone exceed the risks of death associated with obesity, physical activity and air pollution.
It was a career high in receptions for Hopkins.
If you like what we’re doing, please spread the word and send this to your friends.
It was the sound of a new emptiness coming.
Asked for comment, Apple referred on Monday to its latest legal filing, in which it said Epic’s “‘emergency’ is entirely of Epic’s own making.” Google said it would “welcome the opportunity to continue our discussions with Epic and bring Fortnite back to Google Play.” Mr. Sweeney, who grew up in Potomac, Md., and whose father worked for the Defense Mapping Agency, got into technology as a child.
In Utah this month, Sim Gill, the district attorney in Salt Lake County, sent state legislators recommendations for changing the laws governing the use of force by the police, including that state’s fleeing-felon statute.
The time on the market is measured from the most recent listing to the closing date of the sale.
The idea pushed by Uber has gained traction in Congress.
Algunos sostienen que la pandemia debería impulsar nuevos modelos económicos que fomenten la creación de puestos de trabajo a través de la transición a las energías verdes, mientras se distribuyen los beneficios de manera más equitativa.
Greenwich Village may no longer be a predominantly L.G.B.T.
Reiche is presumed innocent and she was released from custody on an appearance bond on Monday,” he said in an email on Wednesday.
Certainly conservatives of that era viewed some artists as dangerously radical leftists, but Roosevelt’s program was a minor part of a major initiative that included money for projects like new roads and bridges.
The research file also highlighted a scholarly paper Judge Barrett helped to write in the late 1990s about how the Catholic Church’s campaign against capital punishment “puts Catholic judges in a bind” between their oath to enforce the death penalty and their obligation “to adhere to their church’s teaching on moral matters.” But some Democrats have been more pointed in calling attention to Judge Barrett’s faith.
“I don’t understand it.” If you’re cleaning up after strangers in a pandemic, take precautions: Wear a face mask, surgical gloves and a uniform or extra-large T-shirt over your clothes that you can peel off and put directly in the wash when you’re done.
La incapacidad de costear productos de higiene femenina es común en muchos países del mundo y, a menudo, esa inaccesibilidad se ve agravada por costumbres sociales que consideran la menstruación un tema tabú.
But large gatherings like the motorcycle rally also increase the number of visitors inside restaurants and stores.
That’s a part of our Sunday: getting pictures of the demolition of the inside of our brownstone and imagining things we’ll do once we get back in there.
As the smallest branch in the military, with around 185,000 people, and a high turnover rate (roughly 36,000 Marines leave each year), stopping the supply of new recruits, even temporarily, will have long-lasting effects, Marine officials have said in the past.
The group has given Ms. Wanga, the interim leader, until the “close of business” on Friday to comply.
Yet if it is not addressed, the immigration system Mr. Trump has erected may be in operation for years to come.
Rent or buy on Amazon, Google Play and other streaming platforms and pay TV operators.
The cleverest, zingiest song is “Jazz Up Your Lingerie,” which Franzi and Anna perform together.
In March, she left her home in Berkeley, Calif., to shelter with her husband, two young daughters and in-laws at her in-laws’ house in Cody, Wyo.
Iranian state media also reported that Mohammad Mirmohammadi, 71, a member of the Expediency Council, which advises Iran’s supreme leader, had died from the virus.
The artist Jean Shin has two pieces — “Floating MAiZE” and “The Last Straw” — that repurpose plastic waste to raise questions of belonging and identity.
And it quickly triggered a lawsuit seeking to keep the tally going.
In his address to the nation on July 10 announcing the conversion, Mr. Erdogan made no mention of Ataturk.
There were no grueling lines as in June, but election security activists worried that the low turnout had masked some glitches, largely with the state’s electronic poll books and check-in system.
We are young, we should not be repeating those mistakes.” When asked what he can do to heal the wounds his side has inflicted on others, Anas Haqqani tried — with a verse, again — to say that his family is accused of more than it has actually done.
“Hidden Valley Road” tells the terrifying story of a family swallowed whole by schizophrenia, a disease that no one understood, not doctors or researchers, and certainly not the Galvins.
Ms. Kennedy, a mother of five, will now challenge Mr. Van Drew, who left the Democratic Party in December and was endorsed by Mr. Trump.
There is sorrow in this story, but not a shred of pity, and a complex and powerful political argument drifts in as if on a desert breeze.
And Biden has a lot to do with that.
Mr. Davis and others see the voting bloc of previous winners as a possible source of what he calls “systemic bias.” But taking them out of the process after the votes had been counted struck many members of the restaurant committee as foul play.
He granted an Arab website a video interview, in which he spoke of arranging direct flights to Saudi Arabia so Israeli citizens could save thousands on their pilgrimages to Mecca.
RED COMET The Short Life and Blazing Art of Sylvia PlathBy Heather Clark What becomes a legend most?
Así que volvió a irse.
Asked if he thought Republicans could still use their potential Senate majority to pass legislation in divided government, with Democrats controlling the White House and House of Representatives, Mr. Tuberville replied that he had been given a mandate to “help people,” adding, “I don’t care if you’re a Republican or Democrat.” “Our government wasn’t set up for one group to have all three branches of government — wasn’t set up that way,” Mr. Tuberville said.
All the while I had mentors like Mr. Winkler as well as Whoopi Goldberg, who knew full well all the “isms” that came with being “different” in Hollywood.
Crunching the numbers further, the researchers concluded that the sweet spot for physical activity and longevity seemed to arrive at about 35 minutes a day of brisk walking or other moderate activities, an amount that led to the greatest statistical improvement in life span, no matter how many hours someone sat.
Jensen taught on a reservation in South Dakota before moving to a leafy neighborhood in St. Paul, Minn., where she lived next door to a woman who would go on to murder a cousin.
And many federal and state parks and organizations are working on expanding inexpensive access for kids and their families.
Cecilia Kang and Erin Griffith contributed reporting.
He demonstrates that the successes of interracial government were deliberately sabotaged by white supremacists who preferred to maintain a racial hierarchy rather than move into a future grounded in equal citizenship among all Americans.” Annette Gordon-Reed is the author of, most recently, “Most Blessed of the Patriarchs.” Richard Haass recommends “The most innovative and successful period of modern American foreign policy came immediately after World War II, something captured by the title of the memoir written by Dean Acheson, President Harry Truman’s fourth and last secretary of state.
The announcements sent a positive signal for the global rollout of Chinese vaccines but lacked crucial details.
This week it expanded the list to cover the entire world.
It epitomizes what many people think is wrong with Hollywood: endless overreliance on superheroes (“New Mutants” is the 13th installment in the 20-year-old “X-Men” franchise); corporate consolidation (the film was delayed because of Disney’s takeover of 20th Century Fox); filmmaking by committee (at least eight writers worked on the project).
And it has begun to produce, or “mine,” its own, chiefly through Monero, a lesser-known alternative cryptocurrency to Bitcoin that advertises that it “obfuscates sending and receiving addresses as well as transacted amounts.” In short, it is perfect for any nation — and its financial partners — seeking to avoid United Nations and American sanctions.
It may be hard to get in the habit, but if surgeons can do it, you can, too!
At first, health officials were doubtful of the value of simple masks in protecting the user.
Many books have been written about our cosmic origins: the creation of the universe 13.8 billion years ago; the Big Bang and all that followed.
I was so depressed, so sickened.
is on its own now as it evades regulators who have told it not to proceed.
That was not something I learned how to do growing up in Southern California.
Pero casi todos los que estaban infectados eran latinos; menos del uno por ciento fueron personas blancas no latinas.
Perhaps I felt even then that an artist’s work and life are separate.” I was squirming in my chair when he said this, for what had I not been trying to do these past few years if not to search for the very connections between Kiefer’s art and Kiefer’s life?
Saffron flags — it is the holy color for Hinduism — fluttered from nearby rooftops, and houses around the temple site had been hastily splashed with a coat of fresh paint.
Areas with large populations of black people were revealed to have disproportionate, devastating death rates.
He poked his left Achilles’ tendon.
Some of the borough’s residents say they can’t help but feel that uglier impulses are behind the desire to close the lake.
I still cannot believe that I had the opportunity to sing Bess at the Met.
Dr. Park, like other experts interviewed, noted that California’s engineered landscapes are not the only factor behind its high-impact disasters.
“This is a high standard,” she said.
“We will persevere and just keep going,” Mr. Lai told the team.
“Football is a game of love, so I can’t ever be that depressed,” linebacker Jordan Jenkins said on Thursday.
Precipitous increases in crimes like robberies, shootings and auto thefts drove a 16.9 percent increase in overall crime last month compared with January 2019, according to police data.
“It was great,” Ms. Midler said, “until one day it got away from him and sprayed everyone onstage.” Mr. DeMora explained it this way to Entertainment Design magazine in 2000: “We don’t need effects; we have her.
Indian Army officials declined to comment for this article.
“When you are from an immigrant family that comes in with its back against the wall, you know what the bottom is,” Deng Mu said.
Such an outbreak could spread quickly through the immigrant population and could infect large numbers of Border Patrol agents, leaving the southwestern border defenses weakened, the officials argued.
In a 2009 interview with the online literary magazine The Rumpus, Mr. Baum was asked why he had chosen Twitter.
There are three more theme entries: 17A.
Still, Ms. Lin said, Taiwan’s chip strengths prevent China from subjugating the island as quickly as it did Hong Kong, where the government has curbed civil liberties.
“Generally, they won’t go into opposition, but they will leave the scene,” he said.
It’s OK. We don’t mind isolating ourselves.
In a tournament with no paying spectators, there were very few American television viewers, either.
“Joe has been around for a long time; so have I.
Bush exemplified what the Republican Party’s mission was: conservative economics, domestic integrity, international cooperation, honesty and, above all, America being the “shining city on a hill,” inviting the world to admire and follow our example.
Once I became an adult, I did all the typical Halloween stuff of 20-somethings — I went to parties, came up with arcane pop-culture references for costumes and drank horrible themed cocktails.
Special technical or scientific knowledge is not required, and each is designed to get our attention and keep it — by giving us “news we can use” in our own lives, or by exploring something fascinating in a way that makes it easy to understand and shows us why it matters.
all-defense team in 2017-18 (first team) and 2018-19 (second team).
“With choreographing, this is a perfect time for me to do it,” she said.
“It legitimizes misogyny.” The term is often used to describe the racist behavior of women who are not named Karen.
Alyene Quin, a civil rights worker whose house in McComb, Miss., had been firebombed, had come to the state capital with her three young children to protest the election of five congressmen from districts where Blacks were not allowed to vote.
The dream scene brings Picard (Patrick Stewart) together with Data (Brent Spiner), the loyal android who sacrificed himself at the end of “Nemesis.” Poker, Earl Grey tea and “Blue Skies” are offered up as tokens for the faithful.
I would assume, but I don’t know as a fact if I am going to be there.
Y nosotros en esta comunidad virtual también somos millones.
Maybe there is something else.” There was no option.
It is the successor to the Khorasan Group, a small but dangerous organization of hardened senior Qaeda operatives that Ayman al-Zawahri, Al Qaeda’s leader, sent to Syria to plot attacks against the West.
“And I think right now that’s the way it’s supposed to be.”
You just need to be an American.
But the disappointment and anger in New York is leading to a rethinking of the Defense Department’s initial plans.
Mr. Konitz was married three times.
(NYT) • Larry Kudlow, a top White House economic adviser, is known for his optimism.
Watch the Season 3 GAG REEL from NBC’s “The Good Place”: 33D.
Mask-wearing was compulsory throughout the stadium but only “strongly advised” for fans in their seats, with one and a half meters mandated between people not paired together.
The attack will not affect the delivery of the vaccine, the agency’s leader, Emer Cooke, said.
Next on the list was the principal deputy inspector for the Department of Health and Human Services, Christi Grimm.
Along with the rest of the world, athletes have had their careers upended by the coronavirus pandemic.
Benjamin Neuman, chairman of the biology department at Texas A&M University-Texarkana, is one of the scientists who have been looking at the sequences in his lab and talking to other scientists examining them.
During the first two years of the Trump presidency, Republicans controlled both houses of Congress.
Not all people who die were good people.
The book “is not a tribute or enshrinement of achievements,” Michael P. Jeffries writes in his review.
Experts say that surging infection and death counts will not abate until more people follow mask and social-distancing rules.
How many of them are similar to what you put on your list?
It didn’t seem real, and when Jackson did allow herself to believe what had happened, she thought of all the work ahead: repairs to be made, a capital campaign to launch.
Temptations abound when you’re home but supposed to be working — the fridge is steps away, and there’s a new video game that isn’t going to play itself.
Falsehoods, the government said, “have been weaponized, to attack the infrastructure of fact, destroy trust and attack societies.” Since the law came into force in October, the government has invoked it five times, and there is now reason to fear that the law is, instead, a tool to quiet dissent.
“It was so exhausting to me that they just couldn’t get along,” said Ryan, who became their de facto mediator.
Equity means everyone gets what they need.” Do you think this distinction is important?
This is the spirit that members value and that some feared would disappear if the club gave women equality on the run.
Ed Johnetta Miller, for instance, created a quilt called “I Have Known Injustice All My Life,” while ensconced in her Queen Anne house in Hartford, Conn., during the pandemic.
“It’s out of friendship for the Jewish community,” said Ms. Tornare of their decision to look after the cemetery informally long before they were recruited.
A game of one-on-one with LeBron James.
They had no money or staff, let alone a press bus.
(She said she was cleaning out the three-hole punch that she had used to make her research binder for election night and “Dustbusting up the little holes that fell out.”) “I’m not sure this is the way I imagined I would learn that Donald Trump was a one-term president,” Ms. Maddow said.
In Game 7, Houston missed a still-unfathomable 27 consecutive 3-pointers and lost at home.
Much of Alameda is flat, making biking easy for all ages.
Ha invertido más de 11.000 millones de dólares en siete vacunas candidatas, y la FDA ha dicho que aprobará cualquiera que sea al menos un 50 por ciento eficaz para prevenir la infección o reducir su gravedad.
So far, Trump has denied ever being briefed on the Russian bounties.
Wendi Lewis, the executive director, said going from the reservation to the closest full-service grocery store required traveling dozens of miles.
Officials in states led by Democrats instead asked the Supreme Court to hear the case, saying the justices should act to resolve the uncertainty created by the appeals court’s ruling.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
Mr. Trump is moderately obese, a condition that is usually accompanied by at least mild or moderate hypertension and mild to moderate diabetes, Dr. McGinn noted.
In the Seventh Congressional District, Carolyn Bourdeaux, a Democrat, was leading Rich McCormick, a Republican, by about two percentage points with an estimated 95 percent of the votes reported.
“People die from the flu,” he said.
At Home has our full collection of ideas on what to read, cook, watch, and do while staying safe at home.
I invite you to sign up for my free weekly email newsletter.
Mr. Stankey, who stands six-feet-two and speaks in a deep bass that can ripple across a room, said, “No!
Bynacht’s Hypercharged Glass Skin Serum, $320, is made with a blend of eight hyaluronic acids — of varying molecular weights — to ensure it reaches the skin’s deepest layers (a more affordable option is L’Oréal Paris’s 1.9% Pure Hyaluronic Acid 7 Replumping Ampoules, $25).
Of course not,” he said.
It suggested that a new trial determine the validity of the Wet’suwet’en claim, but it was never held nor was there any resolution through negotiations that the court suggested as an alternative.
We think that that’s okay.
Complicating matters, parents disagree sharply on what they want from schools during the pandemic.
Party strategists were already in the process of recruiting a challenger for Ms. Collins, and Ms. Rice had not been on their radar as an option.
Then he added, “We are absolutely terrified should Biden win.” There are some in Erie who know what civil war really does look like, and one of them was sitting in a backyard one afternoon on the east side of the city.
Black Leaders Organizing for Communities in Milwaukee, for example, trains community ambassadors to turn their neighborhoods’ resources into collective power that can be wielded to win.
“If they didn’t have a gun of course he’d still be alive.” The gun was discovered three months after the murder, when a dog walker found it in a nearby field.
Robert A. Hendriks, 25, and Staff Sgt.
These kinds of attacks have no place in this primary.
8 p.m. Update our cash-flow model with the latest payroll, accounts payable and accounts receivable data, with a specific focus on short-term liquidity and burn rate.
While this was certainly good for business, being unable to reach us was the subject of a lot of angry emails, many of which would go on to say, “Anyway, I’d like to order shrimp wontons, fried rice, etc.” The process is smoother now, but getting here involved a steep learning curve for the person taking all the phone orders, as well as the people making them.
And — Today’s vote will contain some answers.
We aren’t just fighting over our opinions of facts; we are polarized over whether the fact is, in fact, a fact.
Dark colors actually make a room look larger, because the corners recede.” The New York-based interior designer Alexa Hampton also sometimes uses dark colors in dining rooms.
“A hole in one at the U.S. Open?” he said.
[ Return to the review of “The Arab Winter.” ] There is a word for what happens when nobility, hope, and the human capacity to take action run headlong into conflict, error, and the human capacity to inflict horror.
“What I want is to engage true talent,” she said.
On the final day of the first of two three-day preseason tests at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya in Spain in February, Mattia Binotto, Ferrari’s team principal, said he was “not as optimistic as last year.” He said Mercedes and Red Bull “are faster than us at the moment.” A week later, on the final day of the second test, after trying to improve the car, he said his team was still “not happy with the performance.” The reason is that Ferrari has made a compromise with its power unit.
Total additional outlays would reach $97.5 trillion on top of the nearly $90 trillion the federal, state and local governments are projected to spend over the next decade.
Despite occasional hiccups — a storm that knocked out internet, apartments with thin walls, fire trucks — five of the shows had been recorded by the end of October and the sixth, “Row,” was preparing for a week in studio, though Covid regulations meant that no more than two singers could share a booth.
Jenn Shapland lives in New Mexico and is the author of “My Autobiography of Carson McCullers,” a finalist for the National Book Award.
“AM Joy” was created after a previous weekend host, Melissa Harris-Perry, left MSNBC, accusing the network of sidelining her.
“The subjects of the Irish poem back then were often landscapes or historical events or political memory,” she told the arts and culture magazine Believer in 2014.
Mark Meadows, the White House chief of staff and a vicious critic of Mr. Obama’s actions while a North Carolina congressman, was among those who recommended that Mr. Trump issue the orders, even as he conceded that an agreement with lawmakers would be more potent for the American economy.
But her dream after graduating from Brown had been to move to New York and land a job in the media industry.
His younger sister, a community college student in the Bay Area, lost her housing in early April, and he returned to help her.
“Americans are consuming streaming content now more than ever, and we want to be part of what they’re seeing,” said Nicole de Haay, an agency spokeswoman.
Tony Evers’s emergency order restricting the size of indoor gatherings, the latest twist in a long-running dispute that has pitted the Democratic governor against a Republican-controlled Legislature.
“The situation is fairly fluid,” Jeffrey B.
At a round table with restaurant executives at the White House on Monday, Mr. Trump said, “This was a very big day, cure wise and vaccine wise,” and noted that the markets were lifted by drug news.
So this was Ms. Blount’s work for the foreseeable future: pulling her empty bus in front of Martin Luther King Jr. Middle School, loading it up with brown sacks full of breakfast and lunch, and then delivering the sacks out in the maze of narrow streets, more like the driver of an ice-cream truck.
Ms. Long-Doyle said Mr. Lewis had been an inspiration in her life through “everything that he’s done for us and for Black people for our country.” “When you march, when you do things like getting people to vote, taking people to the polls, making sure their rights are being upheld, you honor John Lewis,” Ms. Long-Doyle said.
At Heartland, 25 of the 80 residents who were approached eventually agreed to join the trial.
“When you have these three systems interacting, it’s a bad brew, and it creates the substrate for what can become psychopathy,” said Mark F. Lenzenweger, a professor of psychology at the State University of New York at Binghamton.
“It’s useful to adopt the cost-benefit frame, but the moment you do that, the outcomes are so overwhelming that you don’t need to fill in the details to know what to do,” said Justin Wolfers, an economist at the University of Michigan.
They must learn not to say, ‘That’s right!’ or ‘No, that isn’t right’ and rather say, ‘Tell me why you think that.’” Advocates say that this kind of open-ended questioning doesn’t just make young people more intellectually flexible and empowered, it can also help them to emotionally mature.
Nasser took a moment from his garage home studio to hop on a Google Hangout, where he talked about his new project, what made him fall in love with science and the gravitational pull of true-crime shows.
At a White House celebration of his acquittal, Mr. Trump boasted about having taken a shot at Ms. Pelosi during the National Prayer Breakfast earlier that day.
On Wednesday though, she made it clear that she saw the false statements as extremely relevant and easily proved by prosecutors.
Parents and caregivers can also dunk the baby in a bathtub full of water and air them out before re-diapering.
Five years ago, the city entered a landmark legal settlement with federal prosecutors, promising to stamp out the culture of violence inside its jail complex on Rikers Island, a place where officers regularly used excessive force on inmates.
The debate highlighted divides even among Democrats over how to police the police, and underscored the power of police unions, which, as my colleagues reported, have continued to be outspoken defenders of officers accused of misconduct, even as rates of union membership have declined more broadly.
Other business owners were also trying to pivot to N95 production, and they, too, were finding the terrain unnavigable; the Trump administration was mostly interested in providing direct support to a small number of corporate giants like 3M.
Now you find his or her other two hiding places.
Britain and Germany are hesitating anew about inviting in the Chinese tech giant Huawei.
Kessler and Murthy described Mr. Biden as eager to follow their advice and more than willing to let the scientists do the talking in a Biden administration — unlike Mr. Trump, who likes to speak for himself and offers medical and public health pronouncements that often lack any scientific underpinning.
(The New York Times occasionally uses Red Pencil Transcripts’ services.)
I mark the progress of the sun.
It is looking at broadening the challenge to include rural areas.
The two-state solution remains the only viable alternative to either the current state of affairs, or a single country in which Jews are a minority.
He is the author of a book demanding far-reaching changes to Germany’s postwar liberal democratic order, to be achieved through what he terms “temperate brutality.” “A few small corrections and little reforms won’t do, but German absolutism will be the guarantee that we will tackle this thoroughly and fundamentally,” he writes in one passage.
Fujimoto’s childhood home was just 300 feet from the campus of his father’s psychiatric hospital; he remarked to me that his father and the other psychiatrists he associated with insisted on treating their patients not as ill people in need of confinement but as full individuals in need of space and freedom.
I retain snapshot memories of this one, too.
And at a time when audiences — and many executives — value nuanced representations of historically marginalized groups, the series was one of few shows with a predominantly Hispanic cast, as well as several L.G.B.T.Q.
“That’s what this court wants to do.” Mr. Norred said it would be particularly tragic if Ms. Luther contracted the coronavirus while in jail.
Regardless of the vessel, he could see the beauty in the waterfront life we were building.
I’ve written three books, including one, in 2006, about the danger of right-wing populism in its religious fundamentalist guise.
The word “pandemically” — in a story about opera by phone, by Corinna da Fonseca-Wollheim — appeared for the first time in The Times yesterday, as noted by the Twitter bot @NYT_first_said.
Now, Indian officials have opened an investigation into the wedding gathering, which some experts are calling a superspreader event.
Here you can see the work of Cristine Brache (Mr. Phillips’s wife), who also twists words into artworks, or Léon Spilliaert (1881-1946), an outré Belgian Symbolist painter who worked as an illustrator for Edgar Allan Poe’s publisher and shared a similar creepy, horror-tinged approach.
Según Mary Trump, su hija, Donald Trump fue al cine esa noche, y Fred Trump padre no lo visitó.
While the Trump administration promoted the tax cuts as a way to increase incentives for companies to invest and drive wage gains, many companies used their savings to buy back their shares — increasing the wealth of their shareholders by billions of dollars in the process.
After the Lightning captain Steven Stamkos made a brief but thrilling appearance for 2 minutes 47 seconds in Game 3 and scored a goal on his only shot, Tampa Bay Coach Jon Cooper officially ruled him out for the rest of the playoffs on Sunday.
But going into historical documents to look for views that the founding fathers held that also aren’t actually in the Constitution, that starts to feel like its own form of conservative judicial activism, right?
So take a look at the other pieces on the asset side of your equation.
Mass-produced pigs live on a tight schedule.
Ms. Gonzalez Gil was among those profiled in the 108th annual campaign of The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, which ran from October to January.
President Trump immediately seized on the positive monthly figures as evidence that a recovery was taking hold.
“It’s big capital, the big banks, Bill Gates.” He still expects Day X, sooner or later.
France has nationalized its supplies, and 12 states have put up internal borders, blocking the easy transport of goods through the bloc.
Big Break: In 2013, when he was a consultant for Funny or Die, charged with getting more musicians on the site, he ran into Scooter Braun, Justin Bieber’s manager, at a party.
Mr. Trump has long denounced the intelligence community’s assessment of Russian interference in 2016, which he considers the work of a conspiracy intent on undermining him.
“Since the implementation of aluminum tariffs in 2018, the American beverage industries have paid more than $582 million in tariffs,” he said.
Even before its sailors began smuggling contraband, the Caprera had apparently violated the terms of a United Nations arms embargo on at least three occasions, according to the documents.
I generally don’t like to rehearse too much.
“New York failed him.” Borrowing from the experiences of some Asian cities, health officials in New York have made isolating infected people, especially those who live in cramped homes and homeless shelters, a critical part of their plan to combat the virus.
Larry Kudlow, President Trump’s top economic adviser, said the administration was in no rush to push forward with another financial aid package, saying the government was “in a pause period right now.” Mr. Kudlow, speaking on the CNN program “State of the Union,” said the administration wants to see how the trillions of dollars already allocated are working before the government pushes anything more out the door.
She’s shown in bed with a man who’s presumably her boyfriend, but we get only a suggestion of his presence.
And in December came what was expected to be the biggest title of them all: “The Godfather Part III,” the long-awaited follow-up to the Francis Ford Coppola films that most audiences considered the gold standard of gangster pictures.
Israel’s health ministry ordered the immediate suspension of all tours by South Korean tourists who are currently in Israel, according to Kan radio.
Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.
The polls tell a really simple story.
La Casa Blanca se rehusó a responder preguntas sobre la secuenciación genética de Trump y el grupo de asesores y funcionarios que dieron positivo por el virus o se enfermaron.
Third, the city should modify zoning rules that interfere with repurposing spaces.
“It’s no exaggeration to say that he helped shape the post-Vatican II musical landscape in the U.S.A.” Since the allegations, prominent liturgical publishers OCP and GIA Publications have cut ties with him.
Modern Love can be reached at modernlove@nytimes.com.
Long shots that were worth only 2 because the 3-point line wasn’t yet part of the college game.
The letter’s large white envelope, which carried a warning of compromising evidence against the state senator, had a return address for a medium-security federal correction facility in Coleman, Fla.
“Hay aerosoles y jarras especiales para lavados nasales.
A second question for my practice: If Blackness is already an architectonic developed out of liquidity (ocean/the middle passage), how can the work embody this phenomenon and offer sensation (sensoria) at the register of liberation?
“Our contingency plans have contingency plans.” In late June, the theater announced four main stage shows.
One of the biggest concerns in Germany and across the continent is that travelers will carry the virus with them.
“People are going back to restaurants, with some limits on capacity.
Sin embargo, las protecciones para los cuerpos de agua dulce en general son inusuales.
“We are the best shot at defeating Donald Trump,” he wrote.
“An object is a materialization of beliefs, desires, and values,” Diesendruck said.
The president does accurately cite some data in promoting his accomplishments, but it often does not seem to be enough for him.
Activist protests in state capitals in favor of “reopening” the economy — and a growing backlash among congressional conservatives against the $3-trillion-and-growing tab for federal spending on economic assistance during the crisis — have increased the pressure from Mr. Trump’s base to shift the government’s focus, even as millions of Americans are applying for new unemployment benefits each week.
Dans l’agitation, des dizaines de personnes purent s’évader dans la campagne flamande.
Trapdoor spiders are intensely solitary creatures; a female digs a burrow, creates a lid for it and can live there for years, hardly moving.
He stepped into the spotlight and pulled some notecards from his waistband.
I wish one of them were from a minority group, but nothing is perfect, and both are honest people, excellent listeners, willing to learn from minority constituents and willing to say, “I made a mistake and I learned from it.” Bloomberg-Klobuchar is as good as it is going to get.
The ambassador, Karen Pierce, has had to content herself with cultivating people one step removed from Mr. Biden’s inner circle.
The Times/Siena poll has a sampling error ranging from 3.9 percentage points in Minnesota to 5.5 in New Hampshire.
Then he was a reincarnated Buddha.
Do you think the title works — or can you think of a better one?
Choosing to receive benefits at age 50 would result in a stream of smaller payments.
As the United States falters and the world spins into crisis, he has a bigger campaign to occupy him: taking over the international institutions, like the World Health Organization and the United Nations, that manage the world.
“The apology is cool, but the best apology is actually a black agenda,” he said.
And she’s inspired so many people.
“There are going to be a few 28-day periods unless we change what we’re doing in a meaningful way,” he said.
Mr. Tarrio has said publicly that anyone planning to commit violence should stay away from the event, but when pressed about whether the environment he was creating would attract people looking for violence, he acknowledged that it likely would.
Delta Air Lines bakes wiggle room into its official language: “Children under the age 2 and young children who cannot maintain a face covering are exempt from the mask requirement.” A Delta spokeswoman added, “Delta people are empowered to be flexible while facilitating our mask-wearing requirement with young children for everyone’s safety.” JetBlue Airways’ policy states that “only children under the age of 2 are exempt from JetBlue’s face covering policy, and children 2 years and older must maintain a face covering.” The no-exemptions policy has been in effect since August 10.
Thunderstorms spread across much of Northwest Oregon on Thursday night, clearing some of the lingering wildfire smoke and most likely improving air quality, the National Weather Service in Portland said.
Their relatives, including children, have been subjected to additional security screenings.
But some of his attacks on Mr. Biden were scorching, like when he called Mr. Biden’s record “a shameful roll call of the most catastrophic betrayals and blunders in our lifetime” or when he suggested that a pandemic-induced economic shutdown on Mr. Biden’s watch would lead to an increase in drug overdoses, depression and suicides.
That was rather like driving all the way through the desert to the Grand Canyon and never getting to look at the view.
Without giving too much away, it seems appropriate that Moore’s novel comes to a head in the choir loft of a crumbling cathedral.
The batter comes together quickly, only requiring a cup of flour, some melted butter, brown sugar, milk, baking powder and a little bit of salt.
One way or another, the court ruling Friday was “stringent,” Mr. Vuidard said.
People had to buy milk, go to work, take their children to school.
Reporters, who usually roam the Capitol freely, have been cordoned off like cattle in select areas.
“Oh yes,” she’ll say, “I’ve been hearing that a lot.” She has to let people curse at her and hang up, then she has to call them back the very next day.
That’s because a variant that infects more people will reach more who are vulnerable or frail, leading to more illness and fatalities even if the virus itself is not more deadly.
It’s as spontaneous as a can of sardines.
There’s a study in China that looked at 318 clusters of transmission.
Seeking part-time royal status seems to be wanting all the advantages but not the hard day-to-day work of representing the British monarchy.
They have been preparing to present it but are now second-guessing themselves.
Desde entonces, Cruz y su hermana gemela han intentado recaudar miles de dólares y sortear las burocracias de dos países con el fin de cumplir el último deseo de sus tíos: ser enterrados en su lugar de nacimiento, el pequeño pueblo de Santa Catarina Yosonotú en Oaxaca, México.
“When Trump threatened North Korea and said he had a bigger button than Kim Jong-un, it was because of a Fox segment.
The state’s regulations will remain in effect after a judge denied a request on Friday by Agudath Israel of Israel, an Orthodox umbrella organization, to stop the strict limit on synagogue attendance.
People want the country to reopen.
Woke up this morning to record sales.” The company told reporters that users were flocking to the app to help process the news.
“Why give him airtime?” Another man sentenced last month for storming a mosque in Norway said he had been inspired by Mr. Tarrant’s hate-filled manifesto.
The president commuted all but four months of her 35-year sentence.
New York’s 50-a is one of the strongest police secrecy laws in the country, the spoils of the unfettered political power New York police unions have enjoyed.
Advisers cited the huge federal government programs for stabilizing the economy, as well as efforts by companies to bolster their cash by drawing down their credit lines and issuing trillions of dollars’ worth of new bonds.
The skyrocketing infection rates of the past few weeks make it clear the pandemic is not under control.” Mr. Beutner, whose district is the nation’s second largest, said in an interview that schools “can’t just tap our heels together” like Dorothy in “The Wizard of Oz” and “pretend it’s appropriate to bring people back” despite “skyrocketing” rates of new infections.
Bacteria in the excrement can be a health hazard for workers, he said.
If anything, most would go further in extending work requirements to programs where they have been limited or missing, like food stamps and Medicaid.
A T-shaped cutout broadens the passage into the adjacent dining room.
Pero si dieran la orden de regresar al campus de forma prematura, no lo haría.
FERVER Something that’s been exciting for me is the different ways that Reid and I talk about dance.
His post was shared over 5,000 times.
The Justice Department is also challenging contracts Google has with smartphone makers that use Google’s Android operating system, requiring them to install its search engine as the default.
That is, if she wants to pass her A.P.
The Deutsches Theater has been a staunch ally during the director’s lengthy battle with Russia’s justice system.
(Mr. Grosso appears uncredited in the movie as a narcotics agent.)
It’s quite stressful, at least for me.” And me, as well.
But some on the panel had doubts about Ms. Sciorra’s account, the jurors said, which did not fit the pattern of the other assaults.
If no one gets more than 50 percent of the vote — a near certainty with so many candidates — the top two finishers will compete in a January runoff election.
Si bien es cierto que Cardenal mantuvo siempre su espíritu crítico (en su libro sobre Cuba denunció los campos de concentración, la persecución a los homosexuales y a los católicos, por ejemplo), su postura general hacia “las revoluciones” en el continente fue bastante benévola, tal vez hasta cándida.
Mr. Barr came out swinging.
Federal Reserve officials discussed manufacturing weakness at their final meeting of 2019, according to minutes released Friday.
His allies in Congress have since piled on, with the Senate Commerce Committee’s Republican leadership threatening to subpoena Mr. Dorsey, Mr. Zuckerberg and Mr. Pichai to discuss Section 230.
They’ll probably wrap up most of their count on election night — their counties will probably tell us that all of the vote is in.
Georgia also has two Senate elections in 2020, making it a key state in determining the balance of power of Capitol Hill as well.
Pickford has come under scrutiny in the last few years both for perceived technical flaws in his game and for a tendency toward rashness.
Senator Richard J. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, sent a letter to the C.D.C.
Buildings typically recirculate some air, which has been shown to lead to higher risk of infection during outbreaks, as contaminated air in one area is circulated to other parts of the building (as it did in the school with measles).
For the best flavor, choose ripe, juicy tomatoes and cook your own beets.
Escribir es pensar: no es común que sepas exactamente lo que vas a decir antes de que lo digas.
My teaching semester starts next week, and I hope I’ll be able to use some of the lessons from my son’s class.
Did you feel a connection to the narrator, and did it matter?
Patients like me needing routine or non-urgent care, like a semiannual cleaning or a crown to complete an implant procedure, have had to wait until restrictions were lifted for my dentist to provide the up-close-and-personal care I require.
But he said that using the office to advance an inappropriate political agenda would be “inconsistent with every fiber of my being.” Last month, Mr. Barr and the president ousted Mr. DuCharme’s counterpart in Manhattan, Geoffrey S. Berman, whose office had clashed with the Justice Department over sensitive investigations, including the decision to charge Michael D. Cohen, Mr. Trump’s former personal lawyer.
While the Supreme Court fight has mobilized Democratic donors, strategists in both parties also expect it to further polarize the electorate, which could help Republicans like Mr. Graham who are running in states where Mr. Trump is expected to prevail.
lawmaker from 1994 to 1999.
Mike DeWine of Ohio, 73, tested positive for the coronavirus just before he was set to greet President Trump in Cleveland.
The chancellor urged Germans to observe restrictions and stand in solidarity with one another, for the common good.
(She praised the sculpture for its “good, big handbag.”) Within months, a man attacked the statue with a cricket bat, before decapitating it with an iron bar.
Many of her Chinese friends were on it.
Our editors also suggest these nine new books, a new astronaut comedy and other TV shows, and new music from Burna Boy and more.
David Palombi, a bank spokesman, told me that an internal “investigation” had concluded that James misled her manager to get permission, that James could have found other ways to get money to Eugenio, that the $20 came from the manager (which Gilbert confirmed to me) and that James previously had disciplinary “issues.” I found the bank’s “investigation” a whitewash and its explanations to be incoherent, meanspirited and contradicted by a series of internal bank messages that I reviewed.
They are effective only if they have the support of their employers.
The science is simple: a good night’s sleep supports the release and production of cytokine, a protein that helps the immune system quickly respond to antigens — foreign substances which cause the body’s immune response to kick in — according to Dr. Medalie.
It was a city in turmoil with no real leadership structure in place at that moment.
The groups argued that the proposed changes simply aligned the rule with a Supreme Court decision that had bearing on disparate impact cases, providing “much-needed guidance and clarity regarding the practical application of the law.” Now, though, the individual banks are acknowledging that the rule might do more than that.
Antes trabajó en The Washington Post y fue miembro del equipo ganador del Pulitzer que cubrió los tiroteos de Virginia Tech en 2007.
And when most of those countries opened up, they did so with careful adherence to masks and physical distancing.
Authorities allowed a crowd to gather for the opening day of horse races on Wednesday in Doncaster, in northern England, before abruptly closing the rest of the races to spectators.
But their reputation is threatened when Amanda Cryer (Jaclyn Betham) befriends Hanna’s daughter Candace (Tika Sumpter).
[Like the Science Times page on Facebook.
Elected officials are often quick to criticize the board but deflect responsibility.
“I have called every valedictorian in the state, and I am calling every student body president right now,” he said last month.
paper titled “Community Mitigation Guidelines to Prevent Pandemic Influenza.” It shows two curves for the epidemic over time: A steep peak, if no protective measures are taken, and a flatter slope if people wash their hands, limit travel and practice “social distancing” techniques.
“Everybody got a couple minutes to unpack the last five weeks for everyone else,” one juror recalled.
In April 2019, Mr. Musk and the S.E.C.
“I think he’s a little more distasteful than Biden.
That’s not always the end of the world, and a lot of times you can stay in your boat and be fine.
She added: “If we do not treat this threat seriously, more lives will be lost.” Reporting was contributed by Jane Bradley, Keith Bradsher, Chris Buckley, Damien Cave, Michael Cooper, Jill Cowan, Jacey Fortin, Luis Ferré-Sadurní, Michael Gold, Joseph Goldstein, James Gorman, David M. Halbfinger, Andrew Higgins, Carl Hulse, Mike Ives, Miriam Jordan, Annie Karni, Sarah Kliff, Jeff Mays, Patricia Mazzei, Sarah Mervosh, Raphael Minder, David Montgomery, Benjamin Mueller, Aimee Ortiz, Tariq Panja, Brad Plumer, Nadja Popovich, Frances Robles, Dagny Salas, David E. Sanger, Christopher Schuetze, Robert Simonson, Karan Deep Singh, Kirk Semple, Jeanna Smialek, Rory Smith, Mitch Smith, Kaly Soto, Sheryl Gay Stolberg, Eileen Sullivan, Daniel Victor, David Waldstein, Billy Witz, Noah Weiland, Will Wright and Karen Zraick.
For the first three months of 2020, ByteDance spent $300,000 on lobbying, double the amount it spent in the previous quarter and the equivalent of its two quarters of lobbying in 2019.
This has to stop.” The head of the State Police has said the parties may be linked to the continued shutdown of indoor bars and restaurant dining, spawning what he called an “underground situation.” In perhaps the most glaring example of this apparent thirst for summertime revelry, a party at an Airbnb rental in Jackson, N.J., about 65 miles south of Manhattan, drew more than 700 people on Sunday night, leading the police to issue tickets to the three organizers.
Separately, Women’s March protesters took to the streets in Washington on Saturday, galvanized by their opposition to Mr. Trump and his nomination of Judge Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court.
Health care for everyone and free tuition made sense to him.
By that schedule, pitching 2,500 games amounts to slightly more than 60 games a year, which does not seem high enough.
The larger craters still constitute a large fraction of the permanently shadowed regions.
The big event every year was this church parade.
Unusual | $ | debeaulieu-paris.com When Pierre Banchereau opened Debeaulieu in 2013, in a small storefront in the Ninth Arrondissement, he wanted to loosen up the world of traditional French floral design, which he found to be staid and predictable.
“It’s a wonderful topic, but a great deal of work needs to be done,” said Mel Buchanan, the RosaMary curator of decorative arts and design at the New Orleans Museum.
“There’s no chapter on suicide.” Izzo tells Winston to call him any time, if he needs someone to listen.
California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U.C.
Her suit has not, so far, been a major news story — there’s too much else going on.
The virus had not been a perfect enemy — it was impervious to his browbeating — but baiting and attacking reporters energized him.
Under the new screening rules, when travelers arrive at the 13 designated airports, they are to be interviewed by a customs officer, who will also review the person’s travel history using a Homeland Security database.
“We’re all playing in real time, and we’re doing our best,” said Javier Rodriguez, the chief executive of DaVita.
This would have been nearly impossible to believe when Pujols signed with the Angels for 10 years and $240 million before the 2012 season.
La asociación exhortará a la Administración de Alimentos y Medicamentos (FDA, por su sigla en inglés) para que otorgue su aprobación tan pronto como la empresa la solicite, y que luego exija rigurosos estudios de seguimiento.
I was supposed to do a 75 city book tour all over France and Switzerland.
Citing reports that some places would consider shutting off utility services to businesses that violate lockdown orders, the letter warned that cutting off water and electricity could hurt the value of the properties those businesses occupied.
We had lunch nearby, bought a lipstick each at the Estée Lauder counter and went ice skating in Bryant Park.
For the next 40 years, his displays startled and delighted passers-by and made him a neighborhood hero.
In April, he busied himself a little, taking a job adapting a short story for Ryan Gosling’s production company.
Too much nitrogen: Feeding with high-nitrogen fertilizer can diminish flowering in favor of foliage in most any plant, including Narcissus.
During the early months of pandemic isolation, there were few distractions as cathartic and cheering as the Culture Dance challenge on TikTok, set to the squelchy, loping “Laxed (Siren Beat),” by Jawsh 685.
Often these symptoms are not caused by any infection, but are simply unpleasant side-effects of pregnancy-related hormone fluctuations.
On the other hand, here’s something new and unexpected, and now the race is on to try to figure out what is going on.” An engaging possibility, Dr. Holz and others say, is that the too-heavy hole was made of two smaller black holes that had collided and merged.
Republicans will have an Election Day operations program “that probably no other presidential campaign has had before,” Josh Helton, a Republican consultant, said at a meeting of the Conservative Political Action Committee in March.
El general ha llamado a la crisis actual en la unidad de “la fase más difícil de su historia”.
The lemon, an ingredient that might have been difficult to get in the mid-1800s, could also offer a glimpse of Ms. Duane’s financial status, said Laura Shapiro, a culinary historian.
“If somebody’s sending a video that I need to watch and it’s only on YouTube, then that’s just the reality,” he said.
Ms. Linklater moved to Columbia in 1997.
That would be particularly useful for health care workers.
Members of the former administration, led by President Mauricio Macri, have broadly denied allegations that the intelligence agency was used for political ends.
“But the culture in football is defined, and it is very hard to shift.” There is a measure of preoccupation, too, with shot location.
Let me grab a tissue.’ By modeling, I teach them.
Following a slow rollout of rules governing opportunity zones, a program Congress approved three years ago to encourage investment in low-income neighborhoods, developers have pumped billions of dollars into the zones nationwide, even in the midst of the pandemic.
Ms. Rendón stayed at her grandmother’s side, bent with grief, until the team gently said it was time to leave.
If you’re itching for some fresh horror films to check out, the critic Jason Zinoman rounded up three new works, all directed by women, that are equal parts thrilling and thoughtful.
But over the past four years, TrickBot has evolved into a “cybercrime as a service” model.
But he was also running even with the president in the rest of Maricopa County, with each candidate receiving 45 percent support.
Size: 1,100 square feet Price per square foot: $339 Indoors: The two-story house has an open-plan lower floor with refinished parquet flooring in the living area at the front.
The world needs a strong American response precisely because the disease has become a huge American problem.
But blackouts in the country are not uncommon, especially in rainy seasons.
Ms. Morales, who worked at the Education Department under Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, said virtual learning was an opportunity to “desegregate classrooms, integrating students from the Upper East Side with students from Brownsville, the South Bronx and Jamaica.” Mr. Iscol, who helped manage the temporary hospital at Javits Convention Center in the spring, said the mayor should have thought of creative solutions like converting commercial office space into temporary classrooms.
So, I decided to create a few resources to help families manage the sudden demand for at-home learning.
Ms. Duncan’s family has lived in this region of Louisiana for generations, and have roots going back to the original group of Cajuns who were exiled from Acadia, in Canada, by the British in the 1700s.
Newer movements expand the range of Black possibility, he said, but the pursuit of justice is constant.
was set ablaze near the State House, sending up a column of black smoke after a large group of protesters had mostly dispersed.
If they start to feel unwell — such as developing a cough or a fever — then they are asked to call the health department or a physician and get examined as soon as possible, Dr. Barbot said.
Orders were recorded from companies with which Schulz no longer did business, according to testimony.
He hardly had time for anything else.
That is especially true of the subway, which he views as the foundation of the local economy and a vital resource for working people.
But is it any darker than countless other coronavirus memes out there?
It certainly looked like the N.F.L.
I would highly recommend it especially during try to Ingmar Bergman states really love it when we see a democratic socialist when a non deeply district state.
At 7 p.m., HealHaus, a wellness studio and cafe in Brooklyn, will hold a donation-based “Liberation and Celebration” meditation.
He described progress in mediation efforts by NATO, and said developing the eastern Mediterranean Sea “should promote cooperation and provide a foundation for the durable energy security and economic prosperity of the entire region.” Earlier this month, Mr. Pompeo visited Cyprus — which has also objected to Turkey’s activities in disputed waters in the eastern Mediterranean — and declared the United States “deeply concerned” over Turkey’s use of warships and jet fighters in its energy exploration efforts.
The rules around dining changed, again and again.
Suburban voters, especially white women who were essential to his surprise 2016 victory, have shifted decisively in the direction of the Democrats in the intervening years.
[Follow our live coverage of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s commemoration and the Supreme Court vacancy.]
The illness was so baffling that Dr. Ushay, the medical director of the pediatric critical care division at Children’s Hospital at Montefiore, said he was not sure whether the child’s downturn was caused by the disease or a reaction to the medicine the boy was given at the hospital, which included steroids and ketamine.
Most of the early vote there has already been counted, so this is another state that is likely to be called Tuesday, unless it is very close.
— Jessica Grose, lead editor, NYT Parenting P.S.
Mr. Azar’s trip, the highest-level visit to Taiwan by an American official since Washington severed official ties with the island in 1979, pointed to the increasingly important role Taiwan will play in a brewing ideological battle between the two superpowers.
(“People would think that I was trying to reinvent myself,” she says in the documentary, “but I never invented myself to start with.”) Her varied career is the focus here; it’s discussed by both Ronstadt and by interviewees like Emmylou Harris, Bonnie Raitt, Cameron Crowe, Jackson Browne and Dolly Parton.
To some experts, the C.D.C.’s appeal appeared to augur a more comprehensive and coordinated national approach to controlling the pandemic — one consistent with messages from Mr. Biden and his advisers.
Sometimes I’ll run it under the broiler for a few seconds to set the jiggly whites, but it’s a risky maneuver.
Like “The Godfather,” Joel and Ethan Coen’s “Miller’s Crossing” begins with a portly, mustachioed man asking a mob boss for a favor.
Mr. Dawson has racked up billions of views on YouTube, often by engaging in offensive humor.
But, delayed and deflated though they were, the results so far have provided more clarity than anyone is giving them credit for — in some regards more than if the voting had gone off as planned.
Sin embargo, aunque haya límites en el apoyo que le ofrece el partido —observemos el veloz repudio en torno a su especulación acerca de posponer las elecciones— de manera clara ha acostumbrado a muchos de sus simpatizantes a un estilo de “caudillo”, una política de animosidad, una idea de que transferirles el poder a los demócratas es sinónimo de permitir que los terroristas suicidas se apoderen del avión.
But a moral note did creep in, slyly, in keeping with recent calls by protesters on the far left to “eat the rich” — a slogan lifted from a phrase often misattributed to the 18th-century Genevan philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau: “When the people shall have nothing more to eat, they will eat the rich.” That night, actors were hired with a counterintuitive mission: to disrupt the proceedings and purposefully unsettle guests.
The new James Bond movie, “No Time to Die,” was delayed, a move that prompted many in the film industry to guess that other studios would follow suit.
The coronavirus pandemic adds a new layer of risk to an already perilous situation.
Bret: Gail, it’s strange to think that in a little more than a week we’re either going to be toasting Gerald Ford’s memory by saying, “Our long national nightmare is over” — or we’re going to be reading Dante’s “Inferno” in the original Tuscan dialect: “Nel mezzo del cammin di nostra vita/ mi ritrovai per una selva oscura … My mom taught me that.
Let us know at briefing@nytimes.com.
Will the Dodson case mark a new beginning — provided, of course, that Perry is successful in defending his very first client?
The S&P 500 fell about 5 percent, stocks in Europe were sharply lower and oil prices cratered.
Violence continued across Afghanistan this week as representatives from the Afghan government and the Taliban met in Qatar to negotiate a framework for peace.
And for a novel set in 1969, there’s not a lot of ’60s here at all.
As an example, he pointed to the Penobscot River in Maine, where environmentalists, energy companies and the Penobscot Indian Nation reached a landmark agreement in 2004 to upgrade several dams in the river basin while raising money to remove two other dams that had blocked fish from migrating inland for more than a century.
This obituary is part of a series about people who have died in the coronavirus pandemic.
He won Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Florida by less than two points.
To get concrete, we might consider two of the most important moments of political struggle against racial injustice in America, about which every student getting a liberal arts education ought to learn: the antislavery movement of the mid-19 century, and the civil rights movement of the mid-20th.
But it has also made them more susceptible to catastrophic fires.
Some now do so explicitly.
Talking on the phone was like running a race.
He managed to squeeze his son, now 14, onto what would prove to be the last Kindertransport evacuation to Sweden before World War II broke out.
Black residents make up about 62 percent of the Prince George’s population, but income levels are higher.
I feel I am guilty.” Ballour, the second youngest of two brothers and three sisters, was always “stubborn.” Her eldest sister was married off at the age of 13, but when Ballour entered her teenage years, she insisted on finishing her education and going to college.
The result was an absentee ballot system that left tens of thousands of voters without the ballots they’d requested, and hourslong lines at Election Day polling places that were short poll workers across the state.
At least 13 countries have said they would evacuate their citizens from Wuhan, where the virus is believed to have been transmitted from animals to humans.
With a couple of minor tweaks — adding names such as Michael Brown, Freddie Gay, Sandra Bland — it could have been made in the present time.— Felicia, Maryland How does that happen?
Last week, the Times reporter Sarah Kliff noticed something strange.
Much of the attention had moved on to other hot spots in the Middle East, but major questions still existed about the direction of Iraq, including whether any American forces would remain in the country beyond 2011.
More pressing are shortages of protective gowns, masks, gloves and other equipment to keep medical workers as safe as possible.
So the stakes here are only the future, literally, of public health.
Fox Foundation for Parkinson’s Research; Dr. Michael S. Okun, neurologist at the University of Florida; and Dr. Bastiaan R. Bloem, neurologist at Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Center in the Netherlands.
Several years later, after long December days of town meetings, after endless speeches and equally protracted negotiations, over a thousand colonists headed, early on a damp evening, to Griffin’s Wharf.
Political scientists have found this to be true for midterm and presidential elections during the Civil War, the Vietnam War, and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Another bill would provide housing vouchers to people without homes, making it easier for them to secure housing.
“This disease is real, it is serious and it is deadly,” she wrote in his obituary.
Instead, during this pandemic, singles are likely to share far more meaningful thoughts of fear and hope — and get to know vital things about a potential partner fast.
Soon they had devised a formula for a peptide vaccine that could be administered through a spritz in the nose.
So Adam Liptak, our colleague David Enrich just walked us through the origins of these three cases before the court.
How do I go to the bathroom, you know?
Cemeteries prepare you for this existential reality.
Mayor Bill de Blasio lashed out at Hasidic residents of Brooklyn’s Williamsburg neighborhood late Tuesday after personally overseeing the police’s dispersal of a crowd that had gathered for the funeral of a rabbi who died of the coronavirus.
I didn’t know who Carlton was until I was presumed to be him: in school, at my weekend movie-theater job, in the checkout line at the Gap.
In 2018, the most recent year for which data worldwide has been compiled, there were nearly 10 million estimated cases of measles and 142,300 related deaths.
The story of a mother and son’s desperate attempt to flee Mexico for America, it arrives on a gust of rapturous and demented praise — anointed “The Grapes of Wrath” for our time, “required reading for all Americans.” [ This book was one of our most anticipated titles of 2020.
Most of Ms. Avgitidis’s clients have chosen to freeze their contracts during the pandemic, though some are still going on phone and Zoom dates she sets up.
Some of them are bigger than life, for sure.
It is a cogent story, with versions of it embraced by thoughtful commentators including Charles Goodhart of the London School of Economics and Nouriel Roubini of N.Y.U.
Georgetown Preparatory’s president, the Rev.
“We isolate them, and then we inject their veins — and it’s like they’ve completely been stripped of their humanity at that moment,” he reflected.
“I never heard of him,” the president told reporters.
But we can put pressure on Zoom by not accepting the situation.
Though most visitors are drawn to the garden’s inaugural centerpiece, “Spoonbridge and Cherry,” by Claes Oldenburg and Coosje van Bruggen, there are many other important works of art from artists like Sol Lewitt, Eva Rothschild and James Turrell.
And it’s this constant thing.
The fact that he is out of contract, Jak Alnwick said, may make him more attractive to clubs searching for ways to save money.
That army would be fighting a guerrilla war, armed with tests, tracing, isolation and quarantine to search and destroy inevitable flare-ups.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
The U.S. isn’t the only country trying to hurry the process.
Mr. Hernandez, prosecutors noted, turned against Nine Trey Gangsta Bloods — a faction of the Bloods — at great personal risk.
“Thankfully, the creatures we raise have a five-year life span,” Mr. Knapp said.
It does not have the same setup as Giardia and T. vaginalis.
“Separate yourself from other people and animals in your home.” By then he has a fever of 101.5.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
While Chancellor Angela Merkel has been criticized for not taking a forceful enough leadership role in Europe, Germany is being praised for a near-textbook response to the pandemic, at least by Western standards.
Los académicos han especulado durante mucho tiempo sobre la secuencia de eventos el día del tiroteo, y ahora Wouter van der Veen, un investigador en Francia, dice que ha descubierto una gran pieza del rompecabezas: la ubicación precisa donde Van Gogh creó su última pintura, “Raíces de árbol”.
One of the most successful singles of Lopez’s career, the driving, sing-song-y Pitbull collaboration “On the Floor” came in 2011, a full 12 years after her debut album.
Adding to the pressure is the rise of late-night convenience stores backed by the supermarket giants Casino Groupe and Carrefour.
“This is the reality his son will grow up knowing and today’s judgment shows how the law has not kept pace,” Mr. Spearman said in a statement on Wednesday.
“When I got up this morning, I smelled smoke,” Ms. Stephenson said.
Corporal Covington “tells us that nobody can say we don’t have the magic,” Kaia Jones said.
That said, when it comes to Apple products, it might be worth it to stick to previous versions, like the Apple Watch Series 5 or 2018 iPad Pro, which offer great value when the price is right.
What we’re doing is ensuring that this debate will be as authentic as possible.
At the Bethesda Fountain, there was another counterintuitive episode, with weighty Bruckner-like sonorities and winding melodic strands.
“The Gerber baby is one of the most recognizable and long-lasting brand images,” she added.
Algunas de las criaturas más sorprendentes en la Tierra se ocultan en lo profundo de los ríos y lagos: bagres gigantes que pesan casi 275 kilogramos, mantarrayas con la longitud de un coche —como el Beetle de Volkswagen—, truchas de más de 180 centímetros que pueden tragarse a un ratón entero.
A projection in the 2019 Medicare trustees’ report states that the Hospital Insurance Trust Fund, one of two Medicare funds, will be depleted in 2026.
Practicaron cómo reconocerse entre sí, utilizando un código militar, en los “puntos de recogida” donde los miembros podían reunirse el Día X. El sentido de urgencia creció.
The Australia Letter is a weekly newsletter from our Australia bureau.
Whether he’s talking about literature, recent political events or policies implemented by his administration, his observations, like his prose, are animated by an ability to connect social, cultural and historical dots, and a gift — honed during his years as a community organizer and professor of constitutional law — for lending complex ideas immediacy and context.
Are they ever eligible to vote?
In this Times Insider piece, excerpted below, the reporter Libby Peterson describes what went on behind the scenes of this profile.
It gave me nightmares.” Humar wrote out the sound of a sigh, but her insides had started burning.
Segregar los baños por sexo claramente no era un imperativo biológico.
“Our family was effectively trapped in that run-down apartment in Jamaica,” she wrote.
At an early caucus site at the East Las Vegas Library, voters waited in a 40-minute line on Saturday morning.
The comic Jamel Debbouze first opened doors for stand-up hopefuls in 2006 when he founded the Jamel Comedy Club, a venue in Paris in which a namesake TV show was filmed and where many of French stand-up’s biggest names — including Blanche Gardin, Shirley Souagnon and Fary — cut their teeth.
On Friday, there were 699 new cases, the governor said.
Mr. Wolf added that the agency would issue the delayed plan for preventing extremist violence this week, although the department did not respond to inquiries of when it would be made public.
Kobach had his eyes on higher office, but a shot at the No.
The consequences of that ruling have been stark: Hours after the decision came down, Texas enacted a strict photo ID law.
What does this activity tell you about the values and limitations of each kind of media?
The transformation toward these commercial endeavors from NASA’s traditional ways has not always been easy for NASA and its astronauts.
But things you know things like that can be useful.
Across the nation, organized labor has been suffering a decades-long loss in power and numbers, with anti-union legislation and court rulings expediting the decline.
Élevé dans une famille très engagée politiquement, M. Naudin se rappelle sa grand-mère défendant passionnément Salman Rushdie, l’écrivain menacé de mort pour avoir offensé de nombreux musulmans dans son roman “Les Versets sataniques”.
Mr. Baertschiger, the Republican leader, has characterized the measure as a “gas tax disguised as an environmental bill.” Republicans in Oregon have called for voters to decide the issue, instead of the Legislature.
A native New Yorker, Mr. Walker began his career in the 1960s, hitchhiking and busking around the country before establishing himself in Greenwich Village and writing the song that would secure his reputation.
That’s only right and proper,” Mr. Fang, 50, said.
Teahupo’o, by the way, roughly translates to “wall of skulls.” The waves there are iconic and extremely dangerous, offering the ultimate rush or a headfirst trip into sharp coral.
Farhad will select a few readers to call.
Dr. Jackson’s victory in the 13th Congressional District was hailed by the Trump campaign, which had helped prop him up.
The company postponed a December event where it was scheduled to show off its electric pickup truck.
But a few hundred hikers have stayed on.
But officials have said little about the risks posed to low-paid contract workers like Al-Hakim, who constitute a growing number of the health service’s work force.
A similar game is I Spy.
Rats have invaded the apartment and the landlord is clearly derelict.
Mr. Murtha recalls that when he arrived, bystanders were already filling the street, hysterical and screaming that there were many people still on the top floor of the building.
Her car is permanently packed with the things she wants to keep: her passport, checks, some cash, recent tax documents, a journal and sketchbook, her laptop.
Some residents feel that it’s too quiet on weekends, with some of the restaurants open only on weekdays.
Beginning with the Women’s March early in the president’s term to the highest percentage of voter turnout in over a century, the president has unwittingly led us to a much-needed civics course.
The Nets have a lot to think about here, too.
Worse yet, those gateway communities are the smaller towns where the health care system could face serious challenges.
“Devs” represents fairly new territory for both you.
“I don’t think it’s going to be necessary.” Mr. Trump has often made threats about cutting off funding to states but has not always followed through.
No obstante, creo que la vacilación puede disiparse, si no surgen problemas de seguridad importantes cuando se inoculen los primeros millones de estadounidenses.
In the middle of the night, when he can’t sleep, he’ll review defenses in the notebook he started keeping as a high school sophomore and then try drawing them from memory on the whiteboard in his bedroom.
They also have a dish named after Trump where you order 30,000 fried shrimp and then a month later they bring you three fish sticks.” — SETH MEYERS “You can actually buy a Dr. Fauci bobblehead doll.
program offer fewer than 26 weeks of benefits — that’s a failure.
At the time, questions were raised about how the animals could relieve themselves, and their ability to fit in confined spaces.
But at that moment I realized exactly how vulnerable we were.
He even found a new space, and offered to buy it.
“And then when they switched over to tortilla wraps, it all went really wrong.
Polls from CBS News and Monmouth University found similar results, with at least 50 percent of Americans saying Mr. Trump had done a good job handling the outbreak.
“If you look at the demographics of the neighborhoods that were targeted for these efforts, they were all predominantly Black and Latinx neighborhoods.
guidelines about gatherings,” Mr. Castellani said.
Giving your clothes a spin in the dryer after that hike is a good idea, too, even if you don’t spot any ticks.
And if you’re up for a little simmering, try Yotam Ottolenghi’s one-pan crispy spaghetti, inspired by his father.
For former renters, the first year as a homeowner can come as a shock.
The form practiced by Ms. Sen and her dancers is Odissi, which originated in the eastern state of Odisha.
“She has been doing amazing things,” marveled Collin Morikawa, who won the P.G.A.
Other employers, worried about safety, are asking their nannies to follow more rules.
But if an accident happens with a driverless car, will it be a matter of product liability?” The saga of entrepreneurship, great power politics, the climate crisis, the tech economy — any one of these could have provided an organizing frame, but Yergin never commits.
The county’s superintendent of schools said he would not allow Mr. Montgomery to participate, and he threatened to shut down the college before it even got started.
“Here, we have a family,” she said.
I saw a stand-up comic tweet “Imagine getting offended by jokes after” all this.
But eight months into the pandemic, the industry lies almost entirely crippled.
One Sunday a sacristan stormed up to the organ loft on behalf of a highly irritated priest, who had been unable to complete his Mass over the wild and unceasing playing of the young organist.
There’s Ben Peterson, a consultant, who flies from his home in Northern California to the defense contractor he works for in Los Angeles County each Sunday evening, flying back every Friday.
Isn’t she bothered by the president’s loud mouth and tetchy Twitter fingers?
Here’s where the seven states stand with just 15 days before Election Day, ranked in order of preparedness.
I shot that in Bolivia in the world’s largest salt flat, Salar de Uyuni.
I didn’t want potential immigration consequences for my family,” she said.
Follow NYT Food on Twitter and NYT Cooking on Instagram, Facebook and Pinterest.
Queen Elizabeth II said that the royal family would work with Prince Harry and his wife, Meghan, to allow them to make a transition to being part-time royals, splitting their time between Britain and Canada and supporting themselves.
Mr. Bolsonaro has thwarted social distancing guidelines put in place by governors.
They saw each other whenever their shifts allowed.
I think that I’d be a lot safer if I was sitting at home than I would be going to the West Wing.
In all of my road trips, I have never really been afraid to travel because of my race.
In “Night of the Living Dead,” the 1968 George A. Romero film that set loose the zombie hordes, a man teases his sister about her fears.
The “Fragmenta” themselves, in the British Library, are 94 folio volumes, well over 200 pages each, of “disparate clippings” from the newspapers of Birmingham and London, “ordered in a chaotic chronology” from the late 1750s through 1833.
But most of us know how losing feels, and we can empathize with you and your pain.
Visit nytimes.com for a live stream and vote tracker of the proceedings.
And then I had this dedicated music time when I was able to write.
But he bounced back with a landslide win in South Carolina on Saturday, and on Tuesday, in addition to victories in Texas, Virginia, North Carolina and Massachusetts, he prevailed in Arkansas, Alabama, Tennessee, Oklahoma and Minnesota.
“A Climate Reckoning in Fire-Stricken California” [The New York Times] “A Self-Perpetuating Cycle of Wildfires” [The New York Times] “Think 2020’s disasters are wild?
One of them, “a close Putin ally” apparently alarmed by her questions about Russian President Vladimir Putin’s activities as a K.G.B.
If you are enjoying In Her Words, invite a friend to sign up.
That was partly because two of the chain’s most popular items — burritos and burrito bowls — travel relatively well.
12 Marketa Vondrousova and No.
“The coordinated manner of Majority Leader McConnell’s involvement in the judges’ decision-making is quite unprecedented and raises significant ethical questions for the judges who heed his advice,” the group said in its letter requesting an investigation.
Even his self-driving aircraft are in the works.
Speaking out of the whirlwind, God makes it clear that he is not a vending machine.
Now, more than two weeks later, both she and her husband are fighting off cold and flulike symptoms that she fears could be mild forms of the coronavirus.
Day care centers are being pushed the brink of collapse.
Republicans, meanwhile, are locked in an intraparty competition that has all of the trappings of a full-out brawl: attack ads, bitter recriminations between the candidates and a party chair who tried to intervene and sparked backlash.
Snapshot: Above, the Slutsk versus Slavia-Mozyr soccer game in Belarus, which was closely followed by a passionate worldwide fan base.
But some of the most engaging communities, called tag groups, are bound by a shared sense of humor rather than a hobby or a cult TV show.
Mr. Biden appears to be taking the opposite approach.
Many would argue that no cookout is complete without it.
Many of the staff had young children.
The missing part is the role of government in ensuring that those profits do not come at the expense of society.
When Mr. Ageeb screamed, officers pressed down on his torso and head for minutes.
But anyone willing to take the title track on the surface level will find its brassy grooves and uplifting chorus to be something of a return to form for Perry, if yet another instance of unfortunate timing.
Those conversations helped fuel Mr. Kordansky’s decision to hire seven more people of color over the last year (there had been 3 out of a staff of 35).
This three-part workplace drama follows Thomas (Ben Nwosu), a sales associate who faints during an important presentation and winds up losing a crucial client.
We learned this far too well in July,” said Dr. Jeanne A. Noble, an emergency medicine doctor and the director of the Covid-19 response at U.C.S.F.
“The Armory is the way we used to feel about going to BAM back in the ’80s,” Mr. Jones said, referring to the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
Venezuela, entonces, la palabra Venezuela, la palabra venezolano, han cobrado en nuestros países una fuerza que nunca tuvieron.
I’ve never really had anything else in my life that has been like that.”
“You know, we’re looking at it,” Andrew Yang, the entrepreneur who ran for president, said when asked if he was thinking about running for mayor of New York.
Now your envy increases toward people locked down in others’ company.” That’s been true for Bethany Grace Howe, 52, C.E.O.
It will be far harder to shake off a complaint from BeIN, the broadcaster based in Qatar that serves as the Premier League’s partner in the Gulf, that Saudi Arabia should not be permitted to invest in a league that it has spent a considerable amount of time undermining through a pirate broadcasting network.
Another was Faye Dunaway, whose brittle, tic-filled performance here is chalked up to nerves and lack of preparation; he helped to talk her down.
A person who had contact with a man who died in New Jersey on March 10, becoming the state’s first coronavirus-related fatality, had attended a recent Fusco family gathering, Ms. Persichilli has said.
But then Hope glimpsed her son in handcuffs.
“They somehow can’t prevent price gouging and they can’t prevent people from selling counterfeit goods and they can’t manage to — or don’t want to — effectively implement a Nazi ban.” For years, Amazon took the attitude that it would sell even the most objectionable books.
But he never emerged as a classic establishment front-runner, someone with a daunting number of endorsements and superior resources.
The mix of forces has been brutal: Ridership has plummeted 90 percent on some of the nation’s biggest systems, including in New York and the San Francisco Bay Area.
212-496-0600, nycballet.com WORKS AND PROCESS at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum (Feb. 23, 3 and 7:30 p.m.; Feb. 24, 7:30 p.m.).
A database of proven election fraud cases maintained by the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank, includes 206 cases that involved “fraudulent use of absentee ballots” from 1991 to this year.
Like, of the 300 other people he has, he probably doesn’t have a single one who hasn’t been wounded at some point during the war.
The death toll as of Saturday also ticked closer to that of a 1968 pandemic, caused by the H3N2 flu virus, which was estimated to have caused roughly one million deaths worldwide.
The longer this goes on, the effects just get magnified.
At RCA, the label for which he recorded for three decades, Mr.
By that time there were 20 confirmed cases and one death in Britain already — and surely many more coming.
In the wake of the 7-to-2 ruling in Little Sisters of the Poor v. Pennsylvania, “between 70,500 and 126,400 women would immediately lose access to no-cost contraceptive services,” Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg noted in her dissent, citing a government estimate.
But Square did not withhold money before.
Fifteen years old at the time, Louis got up in the middle of the show, to announce angrily that he didn’t want to watch this “fag stuff,” and left the auditorium.
The men may have been playing it mostly safe this time around, Billy Porter in his version of the Bjork swan dress, a white tux swan train, detachable for sitting, excepted.
“I told him, from the bottom of my heart, the reason why we’re here is because of them,” Maldonado said.
He was 32 years old and out to remake the kingdom — and the wider Middle East — as fast as he could.
HomeServe and Hippo have set up free virtual house calls available to anyone, not just current customers.
Representative Karen Bass, Democrat of California and the chairwoman of the Congressional Black Caucus, said in an interview on Friday that she was still looking to develop other proposals to address state laws that protect officers who use force when they say they feel threatened.
Before the pandemic, Ms. Dewji, 31, filled her spare time playing music in bands; she found playing on her own during lockdown just emphasized her loneliness.
“We urgently need a U.K. labor force who can help harvest crops to feed the nation,” she said.
[Update: Mets GM Jared Porter fired over harassment.]
Mr. Biden began May with a fund-raising event held by alumni of the Obama administration that raised $1 million, and followed that with a series of high-dollar virtual fund-raisers held via Zoom.
“I think this whole pandemic has very much changed our view of ourselves,” says Richard Horton, the editor in chief of the British medical journal The Lancet.
And I could either sit on the sidelines, or I could do my duty and make a material contribution to defense.
Maybe it’s time for the editors to give readers what they can’t get online: photographs (and words for that matter) that offer ideas big enough to last.
A scholar who passed just before his latest book was published had the manuscript placed on top of his coffin.
“I don’t watch very much TV.
The goal of good debt “is to increase your fortune or your fortune-growing ability.” “Bad debt,” by contrast, “eats away at your net worth and jeopardizes your current and future financial health,” she writes.
“In this case, it was really possible because of the partnership with ProPublica,” Mr. Hulen said.
En general, las organizaciones obreras en la industria automotriz son, de hecho, sindicatos amarillos.
The company said that it had originally developed the inhaled form of interferon for patients who are especially susceptible to seasonal colds and the flu, among them people with asthma and with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
“I wear my mask, I stay away from people,” he said.
If your child wakes up in the middle of the night and can’t fall back asleep on his own, give yourself a break and bring him back into your room to sleep, say, in a portable crib.
But it turns out, I’m also undermining her efforts, by putting myself, and my approval, at the center of the conversation.
Eric Garner should be alive today.
When Rolfe now asks Brooks if he’ll take a breathalyzer test, Brooks hesitates at first.
It is often severe enough to exact a devastating toll on someone’s ability to work, interact with others, perform the tasks of daily life, or even be in a normal living environment.
He and Dr. Robert R. Redfield, the C.D.C.
The regular-season dominance came to naught when the Ravens were upset by the Tennessee Titans, 28-12, in the divisional round of last year’s playoffs.
The smear campaign shows how repressive governments can use social media and technology to sabotage opponents with stunning speed.
Fatalities nationwide are at roughly half the level of the April peak.” This is misleading.
And there’s almost some joking between the officers about his condition.
It was baked into Contra, a run-and-gun game that was a commercial success for Konami and Nintendo.
Gabrielle Hamilton has a lovely recipe in The Times this week, for salt-baked new potatoes (above), those tight-skinned little golf balls that at their best are sweet and creamy within.
SCATTERPLOT A scatterplot is a graph that is used to display the relationship between two quantitative variables and is described by the direction, strength and form of the relationship, and unusual observations.
The virus poses a greater threat in crowded indoor spaces than it does outdoors.
“Literature offers a kind of corrective to history by drawing these figures into the foreground.
My parents were the first ones to go to college in their family.
Buoyed by a strong showing in September, leaders of the combined slate of predominantly Arab parties known as the Joint List are hoping to improve on the 13 seats they won in the 120-seat Parliament, when they helped to nearly topple Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu from power.
Everything that went right for “The Christmas Chronicles” a couple of years ago began and ended with the casting of Kurt Russell as a funky Santa Claus with Kenny Rogers grooming and a sexy red shearling coat.
Here’s a roundup of restrictions in all 50 states.
But, Janiyah, I have some good news for you, because I am pleased to inform you that your long wait is over.
And it’s happening within the educational bureaucracy, where there’s a Trump-era vogue for attacks on “whiteness” that often seem to double as attacks on standards, discipline and rigor — with urban schools as the most likely laboratory for whatever educational alternatives the new progressivism dreams up.
You’re absolutely looking for trouble, no matter how old you are.” In Harvey Cedars, 18 of 73 lifeguards were infected, according to the borough’s website, which said that its beaches were still open and fully staffed.
Nadal no es estadista ni gestor.
Con respecto a los Centros para el Control y la Prevención de Enfermedades en Atlanta y sus análogos en el extranjero, me dijo: “He escuchado declaraciones de todos los CDC del mundo, los CDC europeos, los CDC africanos, los CDC chinos, y dicen: ‘Normalmente, nuestra primera llamada es a Atlanta, pero no hemos recibido respuesta’.
When ICE receives any complaints, it gives businesses time to respond.
You can sign up here to receive it weekdays.
Part of the strategy in Tampa Bay this season was to fill out the roster with more grit and veteran leadership — no easy task for a perennial contender always bumping against the salary-cap ceiling as emerging young players like Kucherov, Vasilevskiy and Point continue to warrant big raises while they develop into superstars.
Southwest, which has not said whether it is suspending its program, has spent $8.5 billion buying back shares over the past five years.
“You might expect maybe 20 or 30 genes to change,” said Dr. Castoe.
Buyer: Unicorn Properties Group Seller: Pacific Gardens Realty Brokers: Justin M. Conway and Ronald H. Cohen of Besen Partners $10 MILLION 317 East 50th Street (between First and Second Avenues) Manhattan Formerly the home of First Reformed Episcopal Church, the ground floor and lower level of this three-story condominium building in Midtown East are for sale.
With so many Americans suffering — and an election so close at hand — it appears to be one of those “too big to fail” moments when not delivering federal relief just doesn’t seem like an acceptable outcome for those in power.
“We’re at a go-go-go pace, but then there are moments when I actually have a bit of time, and I can take a breath.
You can find all our puzzles here.• Join The Times’s science team for a live discussion of the latest findings on the coronavirus.
She described the participants as “medical heroes, taking risks to benefit themselves and others.” Last year, at another lunch, the center presented several participants with citizen-scientist awards.
And that makes it harder to solve crimes that might lead to future ones, like shootings.
Rachel Gannon, 29, who waited outside the Carthay School with her rescue dog, Harlowe, said she was told that she couldn’t bring in the service animal.
At the end of the date, he kissed her on her cheek as she stood in front of her minivan, which was covered with stickers from her three children’s schools.
[KQED] “I want the world to know I’m 105.” Born in Oklahoma in 1915, Cleo Stocker was happy to celebrate the milestone at a local Hometown Buffet.
Leslie H. Wexner, the longtime leader of a retail empire that includes Victoria’s Secret who is under scrutiny for his ties to the disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein, has been in discussions to step aside as chief executive of the L Brands parent company, according to one current and one former executive who spoke on condition of anonymity to talk about internal deliberations.
But the coronavirus made its way into dormitories where hundreds of thousands of foreign workers live in communal quarters.
It would also effectively push through sales of Predator drones to the United Arab Emirates; a refurbishment package for Egyptian attack helicopters; sophisticated radars for Pakistan; and missiles, bombs and machine guns for Turkey, among other items, officials said.
“The response to the president’s behavior is not to disenfranchise nearly 63 million Americans and remove him from the ballot,” Lisa Murkowski of Alaska said.
Part of Ms. Hollander’s work was the arduous process of obtaining permission to have access to this system from the city’s Traffic Management Center at the Transportation Department.
“I’ve enjoyed the pause, but now I’m getting antsy and a lot of comics are, too,” Zoldan said.
That strategy could leave them choosing between Mekhi Becton, a 6-foot-7, 364-pound option from Louisville or Andrew Thomas, Georgia’s 6-foot-5, 315-pound lineman.
“If you don’t go fast, you’re not going to short-circuit it.” Here are some forms that such intervention could take.
On Jan. 21, Italy’s minister of culture and tourism, Dario Franceschini, and his Chinese counterpart, Luo Shugang, inaugurated a yearlong multifaceted program aimed at boosting cultural exchanges and tourism between the two countries.
Follow along here or on Twitter, @jillcowan.
Still, it is not ideal; because of the show’s proximity to the awards, its 2020 invite list focuses more on New York-based V.I.P.s than in years past.)
Stars burn out, galaxies fade into darkness, even black holes evaporate.
Such strikes would also lead to violent retaliation and likely Iranian determination to build a bomb.
Church bells rang out at noon, as the city paused for a moment to honor the victims.
For instance, in the first year that drug plans were available to Medicare beneficiaries, economists have shown that 88 percent of them chose a more costly plan than they could have.
Signature issues: Has been a prominent figure in the House debate over police reform; introduced legislation on public health, student debt and foster care; leads a House subcommittee on Africa, global health and human rights.
Harrison’s descriptions of these horrors are terrifyingly good.
If I react to every whine and whimper, that’s not going to be good for anyone in our household.
Your Weekend Briefing is published Sundays at 6 a.m. Eastern.
A então diretora da Ancine, a Agência Reguladora do Cinema, alegou que o produtor seria comunista.
Its managers have developed a reputation for prudence, he added, keeping costs low in a competitive business.
El resultado, observó, pone a los líderes “en un trayecto de choque con el Parlamento Europeo y vuelve poco probable un acuerdo rápido”.
And on a recent trip to Florida, his private schedule for the day included time for a photo line.
(Mr. Lak is a sponsor, so he’s putting his money where his mind is.)
I also like the Jesuits quite a bit like the Franciscans.
— Annam Swanson, managing editor Nest Learning Thermostat Apparently, I inherited my dad’s predilection for obsessive control over the household thermostat.
“My biggest worry about what’s going to happen as a result of this recession in the longer term is that we’ll be setting back families dramatically,” said Michael Madowitz, an economist with the center who developed the calculator.
[Read our Coronavirus Relief Small Business F.A.Q.]
(It’s true, and comes up at least twice: “My pants they so tight don’t know if they for her or him,” “I can’t do my dance ’cause my pants, they from France.”) Occasionally, how he talks about these things is surprising.
While Fed officials are hopeful that inflation will rise toward its 2 percent target in 2020, they have expressed a similar optimism for years, only to repeatedly fall short.
Forty years ago, when I was a student at Harvard Law School, I enrolled in Alan Dershowitz’s class on professional responsibility.
“I wouldn’t come too quickly to the conclusion that we have to regionalize supply chains,” Mr. Källenius said.
Sunrise can’t just manufacture Markey-style excitement, which depended on Markey’s policy commitments.
Soon, however (or maybe even now), they will begin engaging in “social play” – where they start to interact with other children.
And the white folks never knew and would have laughed had anyone told them,— so why mention it?
Una de sus primeras estudiantes fue una princesa.
“My thoughts are with all of those who have been affected, injured, or who have lost their homes and now live in fear and uncertainty about the full extent of the disaster,” he said.
The extra $600 means that many low-wage workers are earning more on unemployment than they were on the job, which Republicans in Congress worry could discourage returning to work.
If forecasters are on target, economic output was about 10 percent lower in the second quarter than in the first — still awful, but not quite as scary-sounding as a 35 percent drop.
Mr. Trzaskowski made international headlines for his vocal support of L.G.B.T.
You’re doing great!” I asked Ms. Collentine if watching amateurs fumble around with scissors made her want to reach through the screen and do it herself.
“We’ll have street flooding for sure,” Ms. da Luz said.
But it’s impossible to know the actual error rate because tenants may not always know to complain.
First of all, you can’t hurt my feelings because I’m dead inside.
Republican lawmakers considered this as part of their 2017 tax cut, but didn’t include it in the final bill.
Still, Taylor’s case remains largely disconnected with the broader national conversation that’s happening around George Floyd — no celebrities have offered to pay for her funeral or taken out full-page ads in newspapers across the country dedicated to her and few brands have started campaigns in her name.
For more detail please see our privacy policy and our publisher's description of The Times's practices and continued steps to increase transparency and protections.
UTAH JAZZ I was a big believer in Utah after the off-season acquisitions of Mike Conley and Bojan Bogdanovic — so big that in October I picked the Jazz to reach the Western Conference finals.
But it is now completely within the parameters of loosened regulations, which are themselves a measure of just how financially damaging the coronavirus pandemic has been for cultural institutions.
They will also have a meaningful say in who succeeds Speaker Nancy Pelosi as the House Democratic leader when she eventually retires, and on what tone that person sets for the party.
An ambulance crew arrived and tried to resuscitate her but failed.
“It will probably, unfortunately, get worse before it gets better,” Mr. Trump said.
Deshilachada, Tecnópolis perdió asistentes, en tanto el fútbol volvió a ser pagado.
It bridges the gap between the French Baroque — Couperin, Rameau and the more obscure composers Jean-Henri d’Anglebert and Joseph-Nicolas-Pancrace Royer — and the French early 20th century, with works by Ravel and Reynaldo Hahn that will benefit from this artist’s sensual grace.
It has provoked alarm that the world economy may be in for another shock, offsetting the benefits of the trade truce and the geopolitical easing, and providing new reason for businesses and households to hunker down.
Dramatic and mysterious escape of Carlos Ghosn.
I wasn’t even on Instagram.
Now for the Long Island and the Mid-Hudson, we’re hopeful that the number of deaths continues to decline, and then they would be reopening this week.
And so there was stuff like, you know, Kenny Rogers — some of that stuff had broken through.
THE BABY-SITTERS CLUB Stream on Netflix.
Others had them — but they were pulled down to their chin, or in their hands for strategic deployment.
You can reach the team at briefing@nytimes.com.
The only time it’s successful is when you’re weak and most of you are weak.” When he did attempt to speak to the nation, through Twitter of course, it was to promise violent retribution against protesters.
Because as our words and our work created a global groundswell, many of the crystalline calls to action we directed at high-level leaders were answered.
“If it doesn’t slow the spread, then we will reduce the numbers even further.” Mayor Bill de Blasio said late Wednesday that more than 1,000 retired medical workers in New York City had answered his appeal the day before for volunteers to help in the city’s response.
And it is potentially the movement’s most consequential victory yet, with implications that could touch the lives and livelihoods of more Americans than any gay rights decision by the court so far.
As soon as the San Francisco 49ers and Kansas City Chiefs left the field at the end of the second quarter, hundreds of crew members rushed to the 50-yard line to build the stage in minutes.
One popular distraction has been the window into other people’s rooms: the glimpses of the domestic habitats of colleagues, celebrities and newscasters that video meetings, Twitter P.S.A.s and home broadcasts are affording us.
Depending on how the election breaks, however, Democrats may have the votes to do it.
Friday’s agreement is intended to set in motion steps to unify security forces and disarm, demobilize and reintegrate the numerous armed factions that have operated unchecked by any central authority for years.
American’s rivals, Delta and United, say that they too may need to cut jobs this fall.
He removed the lowermost section of the original wooden balustrade and replaced it with a custom railing of his own design, a thin steel handrail that features a looping, ribbonlike banister and leads down to the kitchen.
After achieving a monopoly, Google has been able to squeeze publishers for a high cut of each ad sold on its platforms, prosecutors said.
Bond with a stab wound in her chest, the police said.
Ms. Ramirez became ill first, in late March, followed soon after by her mother.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
But in her 1986 book, “Vines, Grapes and Wines: A Wine Drinker’s Guide to Grape Varieties,” no less an authority than Jancis Robinson wrote that cinsault had “a rather meaty, chunky sort of flavor, uncomfortably suggestive of dog food to some.” Several decades later, in her 2012 book, “Wine Grapes,” written with Julia Harding and José Vouillamoz, cinsault was instead described as an “underrated Mediterranean-loving variety making characterful rosés and flirtatious reds.” Opinions evolve, at least with open-minded people.
“The atmosphere was different, no doubt about it,” Will Perdue, one of the team’s centers (and the onetime recipient of a Jordan punch to the noggin), said in an interview.
Deben saber que para desmontar este orden aún colonial solo hay un camino: participar de la lucha política antirracista.
And Florida has already crushed Georgia, its nearest rival in the SEC’s East Division.
“Some press reports indicate that renovation has already commenced at Mar-a-Lago in order to make the family quarters more commodious for full-time residency.” Part of that use agreement, which was reviewed by The Times, limits how long members can stay there.
The names and features vary: Ford Co-Pilot360, Honda Sensing, Nissan ProPilot Assist, Subaru EyeSight and Toyota Safety Sense.
As the first Japanese-born player to go in the first round, Hachimura was trailed by about a dozen reporters from Japanese media outlets whenever he appeared in uniform before the N.B.A.
But she is not getting the medicine she needs to help keep her from vomiting, because the Andersons can no longer afford the copay.
She may not be breaking new ground in her discussion of budgeting, but she is making a topic most people find painful far less stressful.
Jancee profiled Matthew Fray, a Cleveland-based blogger who wrote a viral post in 2016 called “She Divorced Me Because I Left Dishes By the Sink.” He has since started a business where he motivates men to improve their marriages.
For those who prefer going digital, Google calendars, Asana boards or self-care apps can help you visualize the routine you want to develop and stay organized as you get into the swing of it.
Ransom, a librarian in San Francisco, said.
“If enough people are doing it, the system sees it as a viable alternative that customers might want,” Mr. Lalonde said.
The centuries-old practice of arranged marriages is still common and interreligious couples often face threats and violence.
In some parts of the country masks become a political signifier, and Mr. Trump has almost never worn one in public, saying once that he did not want to allow the media to see him in a mask.
“He courted me mainly at the Old Absinthe House on Bourbon Street,” she told The Times in 2013, recalling that she did not hear from him for days after his stunning field goal.
But the union representing most of the staff, Chapter 888 of S.E.I.U., warned persistently that the facility was operating at 80 percent staffing levels.. By March 14, the home was closed to most visitors, like most nursing facilities in the state.
Michael Milken, the financier convicted of insider trading, and Rod Blagojevich, the former governor of Illinois, who was convicted of trying to sell Barack Obama’s Senate seat after he became president.
StratCom employees also studied and developed strategies designed to influence public discourse, according to five former employees.
The virus is mushrooming in the country’s ultra-Orthodox communities.
Still, if there is one topic expected to dominate the week here besides Mr. Trump himself, it will be an issue that he and the Davos community vehemently disagree about: climate change Just last week, Satya Nadella, the chief executive of Microsoft — and a Davos participant — announced the company would be carbon negative by 2030, and by 2050 it would seek to remove all of the carbon it has ever emitted since its founding in 1975.
It’s been almost 10 years since you started this work, which obviously presents some important ethical questions.
At the time, China was the outbreak’s global epicenter, with people dying by the hundreds each day.
Recipe: Farro Salad With Corn and Crispy Chickpeas Follow NYT Food on Twitter and NYT Cooking on Instagram, Facebook, YouTube and Pinterest.
In a letter sent Wednesday to Robert M. Duncan, the chairman of the board of governors, Mr. Schumer demanded more details about Mr. DeJoy’s selection, saying that the board had repeatedly denied lawmakers’ requests to gain access to that information.
“I’m afraid of the recession.” Some call it the prevention paradox: Because Germany has been relatively successful in containing the disease, it is becoming harder to persuade people that the pandemic still presents a real danger, and easier for conspiracy theorists and populists to spin narratives of deceit.
Why was she coming to you?
He resigned “without eligibility for pension or any retirement benefits,” according to a statement from Chief Judge Julie A. Robinson of the United States District Court in Kansas City.
The Afghan government is supposed to be preparing for those talks, which were expected to begin on Tuesday but will now face a delay.
“If we don’t deliver quick relief, it’s going to be very difficult to get them back.” But economists also argue that above a certain point, most student loan debt is held by relatively affluent borrowers, given who tends to attend costly colleges and universities without being covered by financial aid.
“Davis is a great pass rusher,” Tittle was quoted as saying.
“I am thinking about her and about the generations of women, Black women, Asian, white, Latina, Native American women, who throughout our nation’s history have paved the way for this moment tonight,” Harris said.
That has resulted in a buildup of inventory and a reduced cash flow.
“If you rattle the cage too much, the deal could collapse,” said Jared A. Ellias, a professor at the University of California’s Hastings College of the Law.
Over time, the bright palette she deploys in the opening subsides though it never fully fades into the dun hues that typify many contemporary war films.
And he says bluntly, during a major debate, that he doesn’t believe in the schedule.
In June, the administration again used a stick to demand that hospitals report to TeleTracking, this time in order to obtain remdesivir.
Fifty brands of antibody tests are available, but many are inaccurate.
All I can come up with are recollections of signing in late at the security desk, which suggests either that I was tardy every day (possible) or that my brain is unable to form lasting memories before 8 a.m.
Throughout the fall, there is a screening practically every night of the week, and you must watch the films scrupulously, not for the caliber of the movie, but for the individual and collective performances.
Los migrantes venezolanos que regresan a casa después de perder sus trabajos en el extranjero a raíz de la pandemia son especialmente atacados.
Después de tres años de regateo con el parlamento británico, de convulsiones en la cúpula gubernamental y súplicas a Bruselas para atrasar la salida, Gran Bretaña da vuelta a la página y pone fin a casi medio siglo de vínculos cercanos con Europa el 31 de enero.
Roused by Dean’s aggression and effortless confidence, the 49ers crushed the Cowboys, 45-14.
I hope you’re in good shape.
It can help to build support for increasing the federal minimum wage — a policy that already has proved popular at the state level, including in conservative states like Arkansas, Florida and Missouri where voters in recent years have approved higher minimum wages in referendums.
“I hope that Saudi officials realize that they need to restore their image and do things without waiting for anyone to pressure them,” said Alia al-Hathloul, whose sister, Loujain al-Hathloul, is on trial in Saudi Arabia on charges that human rights groups say are meant to punish her for her activism.
Now, between the ongoing political crisis in Kabul and the advent of travel restrictions around the world because of the coronavirus, it is unclear when the talks could start even if the Afghan government side got back on track.
As wildfires have raged within the state and smoke has blanketed multiple regions, crop operations have dwindled because of increased safety risks.
“We’ll be back, and they’ll be back very soon.
When a reporter confronted the president with the country’s staggering death toll months ago, he responded: “So what?
The records remain available for relatives at the Shoah Foundation or other participating institutions for free via a downloadable link; members of the public, such as documentarians, pay varying administrative fees.
The board chairwoman Marnique Heath told the society to present its plan again and to “strongly consider retaining the sculpture in some form, possibly relocating it somewhere on the site as part of a new concept, or if not, why that is not at all possible.” The review board has received more than two dozen letters from opponents of the plan, including such influential experts as Adam D. Weinberg, director of the Whitney Museum of American Art.
With her cinematographer and production team, Meghie creates a convincingly inhabited world for them, including with the tantalizing glimpses of Christina’s photos (they were inspired by the work of Carrie Mae Weems), but not a dramatically involving one.
His later series “Struggle: From the History of the American People,” created from 1954–1956 (and from which the exhibition at the Met derives its name), follows the same tradition.
They promised to be more transparent in the release of data and other things.
“There’s going to be squawking about it, as always,” said Adam Posen, head of the Peterson Institute.
The problem isn’t unique to Covid toes or to social media.
At the most extreme, some economists have suggested that the Fed could help send people money.
In its 2011 World Report, Human Rights Watch noted the following about Ethiopia under the rule of Prime Minister Meles Zenawi: The ruling party had won parliamentary elections with 99.6 percent of the vote.
The United States Supreme Court unanimously affirmed the judges’ ruling, voiding the law.
In letters obtained by The New York Times, Stephen L. Censky, the deputy secretary of the Department of Agriculture, told the acting director of the Office of Management and Budget that the agency had major concerns with the law.
Which means that people will not be able to go back to work.” Under the plan announced by Mayor Bill de Blasio this week, classroom attendance would be limited to only one to three days a week in an effort to protect public health.
Sunday was the first day that both tallies were zero since the city’s outbreak began.
But as second flare-ups in China and elsewhere have already demonstrated, test-and-trace systems are of little use without controls on who can enter from abroad.
At some point, he’ll be caught without the teleprompter, and an off-the-cuff Joe is a ticking time bomb.” Focusing less on ideological abstractions and more on specific policies will help Mr. Sanders win the electability argument, writes Jeet Heer at The Nation.
But in the wee hours of a Saturday morning in March, as Mr. Rose voted on coronavirus relief legislation, Ms. Rose learned that their son was about to be born right then.
But it was more than that.
Canada Goose has long stood by its use of fur, even as fashion’s biggest names have vowed to stop selling it.
“If there’s a durable change with older voters, it could well cost Trump the election.” The demographic shift is fairly new, and officials said they attributed it at least in part to Mr. Trump’s coronavirus briefings, at which he often dispensed conflicting, misleading and sometimes dangerous information that caused alarm among a vulnerable population.
Si bien la estadística puede ser imprecisa debido a la cantidad reducida de pruebas, los médicos e investigadores confirmaron que una cantidad sorprendente de personas está muriendo en los hospitales de México.
Girls State was first presented in 1937 and is run by the formerly all-female American Legion Auxiliary, a support organization.
And he mentions Colonel Alexander Vindman, a member of his own staff, a detailee from the Pentagon working on Ukraine issues, and his twin brother Yevgeny Vindman, who also works at the N.S.C.
Isaac, Ishmael, the sacrifice and the desert The dead murmur: Isaac, Ishmael, the sacrifice Thunder rolls, lightning flashes, in its flash we see the dancers’ ballet Everyone watches as they dance, each in his own mind, thoughts, if we could hear them Applause Just look Isaac and Ishmael embrace, share laughter Isaac: Look at the ballet.
— and this lack of clarity makes these scenes feel gratuitous, as if they were superimposed on the Y.A.
At least 45 protesters had been arrested as of early evening, and both protesters and police officers suffered injuries.
But the handoff happens weeks later in South Korea.
But the point becomes clear, subtle as it is: Above meaning, above purpose, above any means to an end, there’s just life.
The article opened with a detailed description of an encounter in which a Syrian journalist, Louai Abo Aljoud, claimed to have seen three American hostages while imprisoned by extremists in 2013 at a facility in northern Syria.
Brooks Brothers said in court documents that since April 2019, its business had been marketed to more than 90 potential investors around the world.
Mr. Conlon never laid hands on the server.
Mr. Trump’s defense team will be a collection of some of his favorite television personalities, several of his personal lawyers and the top White House lawyer.
[Phone rings] “Good afternoon.” “This is Isaiah Owens from Owens Funeral Home.” [Phone rings] “Question: Do you have a limit on the number of people that can come to the cemetery?
The caveat is to do this work of representation responsibly, and well.
In the meantime, however, his ministers insist they will go ahead with the Northern Ireland bill, which is scheduled to return to the House of Commons on Monday.
— Sergio Diana, a high school science teacher in Colonie, N.Y.
Necesitamos una cultura periodística que esté preparada para manejar el declive público de esta generación de líderes, siempre y cuando ellos insistan en la decadencia pública.
The buyer was able to close on the property only after both agents involved in the deal gave up part of their commissions to make up for the lost money.
My life so fucked then on out.
In Oklahoma, things aren’t great for Khosrou.
In the 1990s-set flashback, Christina leaves her boyfriend, Isaac, to pursue her artistic passion in New York City.
“It’s a real race,” Senator Ted Cruz, a Texas Republican, told my colleague Jonathan Martin.
Otherwise it will be postponed, postponed, postponed, postponed.” The judge assigned Mr. Zhukov a new lawyer and delayed the trial until at least February.
But as soon as the two sides signed, the Taliban have started attacking again.
I had a lot of conversations throughout the process with a lot of people that I really respected, who I knew would call me out if I was not being authentic.
Getting hired is hard enough; will making requests mean that the next production will be less likely to hire a disabled person?
Some babies may temporarily refuse to nurse at all, going on a nursing strike.
The samples tested so far do not suggest that the variant is circulating in the facility, Dr. Herlihy said, but more samples were to be tested.
— at home, on his phone and, of course, live.
Armed with a Hi8 camcorder on loan from her school, she set out to get answers.
Occasionally, more creative interspecies encounters are preserved.
Al ser adquirida por ND Paper, la fábrica se convirtió por primera vez en décadas en una empresa sin sindicatos.
And Gobert — despite being benched with a little over two minutes left on the clock after taking a foul from JJ Redick — still led in rebounds.
Its original scheme, a gravel swath that Mr. Bunshaft created in concert with the building, was widely considered bleak and ill-suited to the capital’s sweltering heat.
You only gradually become aware that the objects are made from boxes, things you’d recognize from the grocery aisle.
In 2016, he alleged that Angelina Jolie’s lawyers had threatened to sue him for reporting on her divorce from Brad Pitt.
But the puzzle’s theme is brave in the sense that it presents poignant material in a place where most people look for entertainment.
And I want to assure all of you that we will continue to do that to the best of our abilities, whether times are calm or contentious.
Although the Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech vaccines are based on the same type of technology and similar in their ingredients, it is not clear whether an allergic reaction to one would occur with the other.
Then last month, Israel suspended the annexation plan as part of its agreement to normalize relations with the United Arab Emirates.
That’s the way many people would see it.
Everlane also announced that Alexandra Spunt, the company’s chief creative officer who has received significant criticism from staff, will be “no longer leading the creative team” and will be “transitioning" while “advising the senior leadership team as needed.” In a statement to The Times, Mr. Preysman said that the company had “urgent work to do to rewrite Everlane’s code of ethics.” It would be opening a seat for a Black board member in the next year, adding a Black person to the senior leadership team in the next year, rolling out anti-racism training for the entire company by August, and teaming with two racism accountability organizations.
“There will be delays in January for sure,” Mr. Veitch said.
Now, she says, he understands that she won’t sit through endless evening previews, because she needs to go home to her child.
21 on Billboard’s Hot 100 chart.
As long as you have good-quality seafood, they can handle it.” This has been the experience of Robert DeMasco, who reinvented his Brooklyn restaurant supply company, Pierless Fish, to make home deliveries to housebound civilians last month.
the authority to issue waivers.
“Many people complain that kids need to learn how to win,” Sánchez Parés said.
During the first presidential debate, he alerted the Proud Boys, a group associated with white supremacy, to “stand by.” “It’s so concerning the president just doesn’t seem to have any kind of guard rails between what he thinks at the spur of the moment and what he says or writes,” said Janet Napolitano, the former secretary of homeland security.
En el primer debate presidencial no vimos a un jefe de Estado: vimos a un peleador callejero incapaz de presentar mejores ideas que no sean arruinar a quien, como Joe Biden, se le oponga.
A patient could get only a week’s supply of buprenorphine at a time.
Tandy was the first registered African-American architect in New York State.
Everything hinges on the epidemiology.
It rose from 20 percent of wild-caught rats sold by traders, to slightly over 30 percent at large markets, to 55 percent of rats sold in restaurants.
And I decided that I wasn’t going to use them to sort of extend my own beliefs.
I’ve been here for years!
As I contemplate how on earth dance can return to the stage, I often turn to the podcast “This Week in Virology,” on which discussions are technical, sobering, full of information and more questions.
En realidad, el gran ganador de la guerra fue Irán, pues se convirtió en la potencia dominante de la región.
It is an act of minstrelsy.
Or worse: that they could be forced to return to the violence they were fleeing.
Jo Carter, 50, a project manager at the University of Wisconsin in Madison who lives alone, said that, pre-pandemic, she would regularly get massages and pedicures to have consistent touch.
The coronavirus seems to rapidly decrease the number of synapses, the connections between neurons.
“It kind of takes the value away of the work I did to get there in the first place,” he said.
And it was spreading widely in New York City before anyone knew it,” said Dr. Thomas R. Frieden, the former head of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and former commissioner of the city’s Health Department.
Still, on Monday in the Rose Garden, Mr. Trump declared himself “your president of law and order.” Whether or not he had ever intended to make good on his threat, about 1,600 troops had been ordered to hold at bases just outside Washington, with soldiers drawn from a rapid-reaction unit of the 82nd Airborne Division at Fort Bragg, N.C., and a military police unit at Fort Drum, N.Y. More than 2,000 National Guard forces are already inside the city, a number that is expected to double in the next few days.
Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern.
And few lungs can be rescued.
“It really is ironic.” The retail economy had been deteriorating even before the pandemic because of steeps rents and competition from online shopping.
In Wales, Alan Evans is still publishing local news for his community in Llanelli Online, an independent web-only publication.
Right in front of me was my parents’ courtship in black, white, red and pink.
The show mixes 66-million-year-old teeth with the latest 3-D prints of dino bones, and also presents new models of T. rex as a baby, a juvenile and a full-grown annihilator.
While the prosecution is still pending, supporters of Mr.
“That’s of course the million-dollar question,” said Dr. von der Malsburg.
This is the America we are all now navigating.
But none of these qualities represent a fundamental break from the past.
And the way to do that, he said, was to respect precedent.
Hwa Yuan is like that.
In Sunset Park, a large parking lot — complete with a Hollywood-style backlot archway — will be a selling point of a new eight-stage studio incorporating two existing brick warehouses that is planned by Steiner Studios, whose other complex, a 30-stage version at the Brooklyn Navy Yard, arrived in 2004.
“So if I see a friend out in public I may not shake his hand because we’re all observing social distancing.
The story set off a frenzied reaction, with MSNBC’s Chris Hayes calling it “an amazing shocking story about a whistle-blower” and his colleague Rachel Maddow describing it as “a meteor strike.” Congressional Democrats demanded answers, and the Treasury Department promised to investigate.
Earlier this week, President Trump traveled to Wisconsin with a message that focused attention on street violence and disorder.
Gervais was also, he made clear, the guy who doesn’t care what anyone else cares about, pre-scolding any winners who made political statements by reminding them that they worked for rapacious companies like Apple and Amazon.
(In a statement, Northwestern said Mr. Epstein had not been a lecturer at the university since 2003.
The management runs on power trips, my boss’s expectations are vague at best and impossible at worst, and everyone hates their job.
Where did Dad’s hair go?
Half an hour later, standing six feet from her door, I gushed from behind my mask as she clutched the little yellow packets, turning them over in her hands.
What Mr. Buttigieg said “Poverty rates for black residents decreased by nearly 40 percent since Pete took office and poverty rates for Latino residents decreased by half — far outpacing their counterparts in Indiana and across the country over the same time period.”— on his campaign website This is exaggerated.
Republicans have acknowledged that some sort of legislation addressing the impact of the pandemic is likely.
And yet it is Mr. Mosseri’s job to make sure the slime doesn’t overtake the subway (to invoke “Ghostbusters”).
Ms. Levien said the claims in the suit “had no merit.” During Mr. Thompson’s eight-year tenure, The Times’s digital readership has jumped to more than five million subscribers from 640,000.
Democrats reacted with fury, accusing Mr. Barr of undermining the rule of law, and on Friday all 24 of them on the House Judiciary Committee sent a letter to the Justice Department’s inspector general asking for an investigation.
In the latest study, the researchers found only one undebatable case of transmission among older children, from a 16-year-old girl, who had returned from Britain, to her 14-year-old sister.
“Hearing Jaamil talk and perform and sit, I’m getting his presence somehow.” Mr. Kosoko spoke about adapting to the present and changing the future.
Ms. Polgreen, who has led the website since 2016, said in a statement posted on Twitter that she would step down this month to become the head of content at Gimlet Media, the podcast studio known for shows like “Reply All” and “Crimetown.” Gimlet was bought last year by the audio streaming giant Spotify along with Anchor, which makes tools for producing podcasts, in a combined deal worth nearly $340 million.
And so far there has been no public acknowledgment or discussion of this plan.
The loan show at the Staatsgalerie Stuttgart is one thing, but there are still no Banksys in the permanent collections of Tate Modern in London or the Museum of Modern Art in New York.
We’ll choose at least one favorite answer to feature on our site each week.
In New York, 13 lifeguards from two Suffolk County beaches tested positive in July after attending a barbecue.
New Orleans recovered the ball on the Tampa Bay 18 and chipped in a field goal on the possession.
With government unemployment benefits available for laid-off workers, many American companies were quick to cut their work forces, said Kathryn Neel, a managing director at Semler Brossy.
I’m just going to do the same thing tomorrow.
Robinson said couples have to define how they want to feel or how they want their day to go.
Over the past week, our nation has mourned the loss of a true American legend.
Yet overwhelming scale isn’t everything.
“I’m just obsessed with the mystery behind the closed doors of a relationship,” Jones said, speaking from the London apartment where she was sheltering with her partner and their 14-month-old son.
“Where does a Black queer child fit into either of those territories?” He came of age in 1980s Brooklyn, on the border of Gravesend and Bensonhurst, terrified.
Then on Aug. 19, Facebook followed.
Ms. Golden has been published in other places, but this is her first for The New York Times, so let’s welcome her.
Testing capacity has grown over the past week, he said, but there have been shortages of swabs and chemicals, and drive-through sites have taken longer than expected to open.
Nir Eyal, the author of the book, “Indistractable,” recommends setting up clear signs so young children understand when not to interrupt.
Still others found themselves disenfranchised by the state’s absentee voting laws, which require a witness signature before a ballot can be returned.
The renewed posturing came a day after Mr. Bolton said he would now be willing to testify if subpoenaed by the Senate.
Erin Lichter, 24, an architect, joined with her San Diego family to buy a one-bedroom penthouse with a terrace in a Midtown East condop.
Subway commuters have come up with tricks, including keeping a napkin between their hands and the subway poles, or wearing winter gloves in 50-degree weather.
Cooking with peanuts: The secret to this cookie recipe is its combination of crunchy peanut butter and roasted peanuts.
“It was like, ‘Well, we’re really proud that you’re doing this important work.
In August, the State Supreme Court struck down the lawsuit, and the state Department of Environmental Conservation later announced enforcement would begin in October.
People can now travel between regions and gather in groups of up to 10.
Why this sudden interest in fashion TV?
But then came the upheavals of the second half of the 1960s, when society and culture changed startlingly in just a few dozen months.
He also developed a reputation as the Democratic Party’s expert on debate preparation, coaching virtually all of the party’s presidential and vice-presidential nominees during the last two decades.
He was the eldest son of the second (or, according to some accounts, third) wife of the 25th son of Abdulaziz Ibn Saud, the founding king of the nation that bears the family name.
Or, “Who did you dance with?” Do I tell them?
Mr. Sanders won over 96 percent of their vote at four Spanish-language satellite caucus sites, earning crucial state delegates along the way that narrowed the close election.
Even those who haven’t been formally diagnosed with anxiety may find themselves suddenly afraid, a cloud of fear following them around.
“I remember her words: ‘You must not work hard like your father.’ But then my father asked me to go into the business and study engineering.
He kept his 35 workers on the payroll through March before having to lay them off.
And I’m born in ’65 in South Carolina.
Here’s the West Side Highway, Mom, crossing it.
Our colleague Donald G. McNeil Jr., who covers science, recently set out to determine how close the United States was to reaching that elusive milestone.
Damning him further, Mr. Netanyahu said that he had actually reached a compromise with Mr. Gantz on Monday on the issue of appointments and authorities, but that rebels within the Blue and White party, including the justice minister, Avi Nissenkorn, had blocked Mr. Gantz from making the deal.
In March, after Ms. Stables lost her job as an executive assistant for a marketing agency and Mr. Stables was temporarily let go from his job, the couple decamped to a family house in Key West, Fla., for a few months.
Yan and Damien found it was “a dizzying and lonely experience that many in Melbourne described as an emotional roller coaster with effects on the economy, education and mental health that will linger.” To be clear, Dr. Dhalla isn’t proposing that Canada copy Australia’s example.
In the United States, clinicians tend to cut in a straight line from the vagina toward the anus, a procedure known as a midline episiotomy.
Artists are going to tell the true story of what happened during this crazy time we live in.
“On the whole, the Delhi riots of this week are now beginning to look like a pogrom, à la Gujarat 2002 and Delhi 1984,” said Ashutosh Varshney, the director of the Center for Contemporary South Asia at Brown University.
The baby, now more than 3 months old, recovered without treatment, the doctor said, adding that the mother, who needed oxygen during the delivery, is healthy.
“If Lula reopened tomorrow, I would struggle,” he said.
The struggle I have is that I’m so understaffed and going through all of my own difficulties, I don’t really have time to do that.” Millions of Americans are now under similar strain, and applications for unemployment benefits have surged across the country.
In Colorado, where Republican Cory Gardner is in a tight spot, the competition includes the Libertarian, Green, Unity and Approval Voting Party.
“Abraham Lincoln here is one of the most racist presidents we’ve had in modern history,” Mr. Biden said.
But Facebook’s freak out about Apple shows that it doesn’t believe we’re really making an informed bargain.
Andrew S. Oldham, general counsel to the governor of Texas.
Sunny Hostin, a former prosecutor and co-host of the “The View,” called the case “one of the most flawed investigations and prosecutions that I think I have ever seen.” But both have been propelled forward because white voters have made up nearly all of the votes cast so far.
By turning to Mr. Danchenko as his primary source to gather possible dirt on Mr. Trump involving Russia, Mr. Steele was relying not on someone with a history of working with Russian intelligence operatives or bringing to light their covert activities but instead a researcher focused on analyzing business and political risks in Russia.
Attorney General William Barr clashed with House Democrats in a hostile five-hour hearing.
So smoothly do Robert and Theresa comply, their ability to playact so practiced, that their very ease takes on the sheen of sociopathy; we can see why Melanie calls them monsters.
“We’re looking at something more like a Nike swoosh with a long gradual ascent.” New graduates are doomed.
It feels as if the country is playing a brutal, penalty-filled soccer game that will almost certainly go into extra time — but we don’t yet know how long that extra period will last.)
Sin embargo, los críticos dicen que es imposible absolver a los asesores científicos de la responsabilidad compartida.
“A spoonful of sugar makes the robots go down.” Perhaps no other retailer is dealing as intensely with the sensitivities around automation as Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer, with about 1.5 million workers.
The bookseller, Gui Minhai, has not been seen by his family or in public since February.
Her salon, the first in Alameda County to earn a healthy nail salon designation, has been in the same place for more than 20 years.
The second thing I will tell him: Don’t focus on your bad luck, focus on your good luck.
“Do not, as my party did, underestimate the evil, desperate nature of evil, desperate people,” writes Rick Wilson, the Republican operative and witty Never-Trumper, in “Running Against the Devil,” his new book.
Most notably, a book called “The Wonder Weeks,” which has sold 2 million copies across 25 languages, has laid out a timeline of exactly when your child will regress and in turn make big leaps in development during her first 20 months of life.
At Syracuse, officials said last week that a group of students was placed under interim suspension for violating terms of the on-campus quarantine, but would not provide additional details.
En Cojutepeque, una ciudad que durante mucho tiempo ha sido un bastión de la derecha, muchos residentes dicen que están contentos con la forma en que el gobierno trata a los miembros de la delincuencia organizada.
And those environmentalists, alarmed by climate change and frustrated with politicians’ response, have become increasingly impatient about demanding limits on the use of fossil fuels.
But the world looked like that in large part because of the way paved by her grandmother.
Read: A look at the history and culture of crossword puzzles is among 12 new books we recommend.
If an enduring sense of anxiety prompts shoppers to avoid malls, that could limit job growth.
This was held up as proof that, whenever and wherever soccer is next played, it is all but certain that fans of some, or all, teams will inevitably do the same, putting their lives, the lives of their families, and society as a whole, at risk.
Others have many — irregular or absent periods, excess facial or body hair growth (hirsutism), obesity and infertility — but they may be mistaken as signs of other health conditions.
Among them was Gordon D. Sondland, the American ambassador to the European Union, who testified that Mr. Trump instructed him to “talk to Rudy” about Ukraine, and said that Mr. Giuliani had made it clear to him that he spoke for the president.
did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the letter, and it was unclear if the agency could require such actions.
Now, as some factories rumble back into action, the monumental task of restarting China is becoming clear.
1 Flight took off at 6:12 a.m. N Sources: Flightradar24, OpenStreetMap, Google | Note: Times are in local time.
“I’ve been telling my staff for three weeks, guys, get ready for a big hit,” Tom Colicchio said.
Now that momentum may be curtailed.
“This is scary,” José Freig, who’s overseeing American’s coronavirus response team, told David.
Rivers has been an N.B.A.
“He had zero flaws offensively,” James said.
Are you seeing liver abnormalities?
And Canada, like most of the world, is in a rush to purchase or manufacture more of the machines.
One common denominator signals a perhaps more interesting shift in the state, though, Mr. Sonenshein said: “The top three are all from Southern California.” For years, he said, there’s been a sense that Northern California Democrats “pass jobs around.” But if the governor chooses a senator with ties to Southern California, hot on the heels of high-profile progressive victories in Los Angeles, it would fuel the notion that the center of Democratic politics — in California and, by extension, the nation — has moved south.
“My presence in that moment and in that environment,” the general said, “created a perception of the military involved in domestic politics.” With reopening, governments aim to bolster their economies, but they can’t rely on public transportation to get workers to their jobs while the virus is still circulating.
“We look forward to moving ahead and proving that Donald Trump lied when he told the world that he did not rape” Ms. Carroll and “had not even met her,” Ms. Kaplan said.
The S&P 500 index fell 0.3 percent.
Crowds may besiege hospitals, supercharging the infection rate.
During the state’s local primary in August, she had to share a pair of unsanitized headphones with another voter.
The pandemic could permanently alter the industry, United’s chief executive, Oscar Munoz, and president, Scott Kirby, warned employees in a memo on Friday.
First, we have to realize that we don’t listen.
You might be, too — or you might hate it!
Mr. Segui, who was 60, had died of the coronavirus, his older daughter, Dr. Morit Segui, said.
They started throwing rocks.” “Hearing the word, hearing it directed at me — ‘Why are you calling me that?
“I’m not getting questions about policy,” said Jeff Jackson, a Democratic state senator who represents a leafy area of suburban Charlotte, recalling his voter conversations.
Después, se satura el sistema legal de jueces partidistas.
Nearly all the windows along one popular commercial strip had been blown out and the street was littered with glass, rubble and cars that had slammed into each other after the blast.
He said the mayor’s apparent lack of confidence in Dr. Barbot is troubling.
I don’t seem to be able to achieve the necessary adjustment, the solace of acceptance.
American forces had been advising the Afghan military there since 2016 and, for the most part, projecting a symbol of American security for an Afghan city almost entirely surrounded by insurgents, who control most of the province.
So they grabbed the scoop from a container of American formula, only to later learn it was larger than the scoop HiPP provided.
It’s no secret that Donald Trump, just months before he ran for the job of most powerful man in the world, was hosting Season 7 of “The Celebrity Apprentice.” But not all his TV appearances as president have been as reality-fied as one might have expected, especially his sedate, from-the-TelePrompTer State of the Union speeches.
“While I, too, have been frustrated with the amount of time it takes the federal government to distribute funds after disaster, appropriating funds before we know what is truly needed is not the answer,” said Representative Kay Granger of Texas, the top Republican on the Appropriations panel.
Let us know at briefing@nytimes.com.
Pero otros expertos señalaron que era difícil extrapolar los hallazgos para calcular el riesgo de infección de una persona.
“And now there’s concern among some year-rounders, who have to be expecting heavier traffic and more demand on services.” More newcomers may be on their way.
His words instilled her with fear.
I think most of the criticisms that have come to light have been valid and represent real areas for us to serve our community better.
The man introduced himself as John Platania, and his companion as Patti Young.
There are many reasons one might use a hybrid voice, of course; none of them change the fact that this particular voice gets old fast.
They gave him lessons online, helping him improve his technique so he could safely instruct his students.
When Mr. Lukashenko met a group of high-profile political prisoners recently during a visit to a K.G.B.
The verdict provides hope that we can “have a criminal justice system that reflects the reality of sexual violence,” said Fatima Goss Graves, the president of the National Women’s Law Center.
“We’re all in this together.
And then so we no longer have livestock we do.
The number of coronavirus cases in the United States is rising not just because the virus is spreading, but because testing has been expanded.
“It’s not me blowing this up.
A veces esas semanas se convierten en meses o incluso años, y empiezas a preguntarte si el universo está conspirando en tu contra.
Hurricane Ivan killed 57 people in the United States and 67 people in Caribbean countries and caused billions of dollars in damage.
The majority of the meals are a one-stop shop, like skillet-baked pasta, above.
They routed sensory information from a robotic arm into the part of his cortex that dealt with his right hand’s sense of touch.
Americans, particularly famous ones, have been a dependable presence in Capri since the end of the Second World War.
“Goodwill is my hot spot,” she said.
In Grand Traverse County, he went from 65 percent to 42 percent.
Like many students who have decided to take a break from college, Malika Jones moved back home.
Unlike the DreamWorks Animation series “Kung Fu Panda,” an original story about the adventures of a spunky panda named Po that has been a runaway success in China, Mulan is a well-known figure to many Chinese.
: “I recommend, frankly, if they are young and fertile to make sure they have enough sex.” But intercourse isn’t always a sure-fire route to pregnancy; many couples struggle with infertility because of age, illness or reasons that aren’t yet known to science, said the two fertility doctors and one researcher I spoke to for this guide.
Instead Gnabry scores a rocket, and Bayern suddenly has the lead.
The first lady has maintained a tight control on her aides and social circle, and as a result, and because of the general mystique surrounding her, her choices, and her life, have remained an impenetrable puzzle to most of the world.
Loeffler does not make investment decisions for her portfolio,” the statement said.
That was actually the response I got from a fair number of people who I support and admire your willingness to sit through this to watch a briefing.
“I got on Facebook one morning and I created a group,” said Ms. Lexvold, who lives in Forest Lake, about a half-hour drive from the fairgrounds.
“Exposures from the case are being assessed, which will dictate next steps.” While the White House has indicated that its bar for testing the commander in chief is high, Dr. Judith N. Wasserheit, a professor of global health and medicine at the University of Washington in Seattle, recommended otherwise.
I can’t actually reach that [AUDIO OUT] efforts that DSA is undertaking, the Democratic Socialist of America are doing really, really well.
And it was frightening to me, because I didn’t do this for the press, obviously.
Puede que sean necesarios estudios adicionales para verificar la seguridad de inyectar anticuerpos de una llama en pacientes humanos.
On Friday afternoon, Ms. Breed’s roommate had returned to their residence in Scottsdale, just east of Phoenix, when “he heard multiple gunshots coming from her room,” Sergeant Hoster said.
plans to stage two more cards in Jacksonville next week after the series begins Saturday with U.F.C.
His Royal Academy training had taught him to create an emotional map for his characters, prepare his sense memory material, turn on when someone yelled action and off when that same someone yelled cut.
As Mr. Austin later wrote on Instagram: “I decided to make a song within like 2 days and then 3 weeks later I signed a deal for it, now it’s 2mil+ streams across 3 platforms CRUUUD.” This success seems both calculated and hilariously accidental.
It’s a pretty good deal for the E.U., The Times’s Steven Erlanger writes.
Los abogados de Bronfman han argumentado que ella no debería siquiera pisar la cárcel.
No caddies on the golf course.
When you win, and you’re expecting to win, the stress is even worse.
The results were as varied in style and tone as you might expect, but the preoccupations with life and death, confinement and freedom were consistent throughout, as they have been for centuries.
“This is certainly distinct from the United States,” said Dr. Peter Collignon, a physician and professor of microbiology at the Australian National University who has worked for the World Health Organization.
For weekly email updates on residential real estate news, sign up here.
Ms. Ebah was going through a personal transition when she and Mr. Sama had their friendly exchange at the restaurant.
I went early to Ford’s school Christmas party.
I told him that an executive with Genting, the cruise operator, had described the trip as a “super-staycation.” It would leave from Singapore and return three days later.
For weeks, Mr. Trump has been preoccupied with Mr. Bloomberg, a former New York City mayor and late entry to the Democratic presidential race.
Around that time, he sent his last text message to Ms. Kim.
But in pop culture, they are only rarely asked of 14-year-old Black boys like David (Akili McDowell).
“We should not go into panic mode,” he said.
Some governments are considering doing so now for H.I.V., according to Dr. Doherty at the W.H.O.
The deputy contacted members of the security detail, who identified the credential as fake.
I’m sorry Mr. Shields is retiring, but I wish him many blessings.
A laboratory to process tests is opening soon in the town of Milton Keynes, with others to follow soon in Cheshire and in Glasgow, Scotland.
It passed a new law that makes it easier for migrants from all major faiths except Islam to gain Indian citizenship.
The union, the Sergeants Benevolent Association, used Twitter to post a police report documenting the arrest on Saturday night of Ms. de Blasio, 25.
Mr. Michelz is now married.
Clearly we have different understandings of “essential.” Thankfully Amazon saved the day.
Banks removed cash from A.T.M.s.
The report, which was prepared by the union and released Wednesday, comes as many federal agencies have begun directing employees who had been working remotely at the beginning of the pandemic to return to offices.
Ms. Khatun was among thousands of women across South Asia who took factory jobs and, as they entered the work force, helped the world make inroads against poverty.
Tampoco se les pagaría la suma que los miembros de la familia real reciben cada año.
On the other hand, the split in Mr. Biden’s support by education in the Monmouth poll — 28 percent among voters without a college degree, and 21 percent among those with a degree — is not so large that one would expect education weighting to affect the result by much more than a point.
But for the most part, Ms. Frilot said, she and her family are “homebodies.” They prefer mainly to hang out with each other — it’s been that way for years.
A Chinese pharmaceutical company, the state-controlled Sinopharm, said its virus vaccine was 79 percent effective, but released minimal details.
Now she is attending a public high school, taking classes online apart from her friends.
But stay for the truths inadvertently revealed.
The group claimed last week in an audio recording by Mr. al-Rimi — made before his death — that it had directed a Saudi military officer to carry out the shooting at a United States military base in Florida in December that killed three sailors and wounded eight people.
And we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
Poetry’s like a clay plate.
“The purpose of this space is to inspire influencers and high-profile talent to use their platform to get out the vote and be more socially responsible,” said Sher Chaudhary, 23, the head of special projects at Flighthouse, a leading TikTok media brand that is supporting the pop-up.
You can find all of our puzzles here.• The Times and Verizon are giving every high school in the U.S. free access to Times journalism through July 6.
Merryweather-Arges’ organization, Project Patient Care, has developed a guide with recommended questions.
Their results, which have not yet been peer reviewed and do not include details on temperature and humidity conditions, found no infectious virus left on paper after three hours — although, alarmingly, a significant level could be detected on the outer layer of a surgical mask after seven days.
La aerolínea insignia de Alemania, Lufthansa, ha congelado las contrataciones y les ofreció vacaciones sin goce de sueldo a sus empleados mientras se prepara para el crecimiento del impacto económico del virus.
While a vaccine could spur a rapid recovery, he said, without one, “Japan’s economy will continue to be sluggish, tending toward stagnation, through next year.”
Like most of her furniture, it was free and utilitarian, a place holder for a more stylish piece that she would buy someday.
Among the work screened there were early films by Brian De Palma, Jack Smith’s “No President” and Robert Downey’s absurd comedy “Chafed Elbows,” which ran for six months — sometimes shown on a double bill with Kenneth Anger’s “Scorpio Rising” — becoming something of an underground blockbuster.
And, in a worrisome sign, an increasing number have no traceable links.
In a video clip from a separate 2015 interview, Graham praises Biden.
She heard the campus bell tower chime at 3 p.m., and “he was gone.” The next afternoon, classes were canceled, Mr. Trice’s teammates carried his coffin and several thousand students attended a memorial service on campus, according to an account by Dorothy Schwieder, an Iowa State history professor who died in 2014.
It was the first one I had experienced, and the shock waves made my building sway.
Thirty-five cases at the Belleville Boot Company in Arkansas.
But the largest union representing truck drivers, the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, said thousands of its members in the New York region reported having symptoms of Covid-19, the disease caused by the virus.
Though there are plenty of improvements to be made and cost savings to be found, it is vital that the public hospitals, which serve the poorest patients, not be harmed, especially as they fight a pandemic.
The last goaltender to win the Hart was Carey Price, with whom Hellebuyck tied for the league high in games played among goaltenders this season.
But because the workers still out of a job as a result of the pandemic tended to have low earnings even before the coronavirus struck, they will, on average, be receiving something like 85 percent of their pre-Covid-19 income.
There’s a similar pattern to tech companies’ spending on policy persuasion.
Iran, too, sought hope in a new beginning.
As officers scoured the scene in Connecticut, the police in New Jersey found the kidnapped person, unharmed, in Paterson, N.J.
We should have been a bit more careful with the language.” Many scientists believe that social distancing is a big factor in reducing transmission of the virus, and that airborne transmission, while it may occur, is not the primary means by which the virus spreads.
Yet some cheer teams get perks from universities that are similar to those provided for other athletic programs.
“But we are not out of the woods yet.” One risk is that reviving the world economy after the worst of the pandemic passes will prove more difficult than investors are now anticipating.
Both whispered to the judge that they were 14-year-olds and uttered the words “not guilty” when asked to enter a plea.
“It is a utilitarian Haggadah,” he said.
Rápidamente comenzó a alardear en Snapchat que el presidente Trump había tuiteado sobre su cuenta falsa.
What she did wrong was appropriate Pearl’s hardship story as her own.
“Once this fire is done, we still have a very long time to go,” she said.
“Es el estrés de la situación.
According to a Forbes investigation, he stood to earn about $35 million up front.
It was a safe, it was a secure, it was a fair election.
Over the span of a month, scientists have learned, the version of the novel coronavirus moving through a community will mutate about twice — each one a one-letter change in an RNA strand of 29,903 nucleotides.
The decision, which stems from a 16-year fight before the global trade body, follows a parallel case that the United States brought against Europe over subsidies to its largest plane maker, Airbus.
But perhaps the biggest winners were the organizers themselves, coaches and agents who pulled off a world-class marathon in a year lacking racing opportunities.
“Sometimes yeah, I feel shame,” he said of his financial situation.
Los biólogos evolucionistas han tratado de determinar desde hace mucho tiempo cómo pudieron evolucionar las eucariotas a partir de precursores tan básicos.
I asked him where he was headed.
So two weeks before her due date, Ms. Prepon, in a chambray shirt and maternity jeans, spent a morning at Bklyn Clay, an airy, shelf-packed ceramics studio in the Prospect Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn,.
The potential loss of the news site as a check on the government was a particularly painful blow to the small but determined coterie of independent journalists left working in the country.
He eventually tore it down and sold the property in parcels.
Deng Xiaoping, who became China’s leader in 1978, was part of the reform crowd and began promoting the empirical approach with a saying: “Seek truth from facts.” Under Deng, China remained authoritarian and could be brutally repressive.
“It’s become a delightful beast of a project — it’s huge, and it’s taken many years to figure out how to get it right, but I love the enormity of it,” Greenidge said.
The name of the game is beating expectations, creating the kind of momentum that can propel a candidate into New Hampshire, Nevada, South Carolina and beyond with a burst of enthusiasm.
Thank you God.” The actress Rosanna Arquette, another accuser, wrote on Twitter, “Gratitude to the brave women who’ve testified and to the jury for seeing through the dirty tactics of the defense.” Ms. Judd, other key figures in the #MeToo movement and legal scholars also spoke to The Times moments after the verdict was read.
This wasn’t the first time that public health organizations sent the wrong message.
Sunday’s gathering included about 200 people.
ERSKINE I didn’t really get the private, “Hey, cutie,” even.
I mean and we talked about it in our solutions piece today.
“I was thinking about just getting upfield a little and running out of bounds,” Mahomes said.
“I just wanted to salvage something before it’s under somebody’s 10-bedroom house with a pool,” he said.
“The virus drives the economics,” said Betsey Stevenson, a member of the Council of Economic Advisers under former President Barack Obama who is now at the University of Michigan.
“It’s nothing but a tactical maneuver,” said Hajo Funke, a professor at the Free University of Berlin who studies right-wing extremism.
Above, testing in Manacaparu, Brazil.
The school year is still young, yet parents and students alike may have noticed that academic motivation is already low.
Many have voted for Republicans, including George W. Bush.
After the virus had struck neighboring countries, the Syrian government did not acknowledge any confirmed cases for weeks, even as rumors spread of hospitalizations and deaths from pneumonia-like diseases.
With Djokovic’s defensive style favored on the clay, it seems that he will be victorious in Monday’s match, especially considering Khachanov’s early exits from the Italian and German Opens in the run-up to Roland Garros.
I whipped out my belt pouch and started doing first aid.” “I think I was up for 38 hours,” she added.
Made Kuti is Fela’s grandson and the son of the Afrobeat bandleader Femi Kuti.
I wanted to capture the everyday misery of being a self.
• “This is the moment when the dawn breaks and the curtain goes up on a new act,” Prime Minister Boris Johnson will say in an address tonight.
We are returning power to you, the American people.
From the outset of the race, President Trump and his allies have made Hunter Biden’s business dealings a centerpiece of their efforts to portray his father as an unscrupulous swamp presence.
He was 86 and had lived in Manhattan.
Sylvia and Lou Hua, acknowledging their doctorates, in keeping with the Chinese respect for education — and learning how to say “happy birthday” in Mandarin to my grandmother, who took his hand and burst forth with pleasantries he couldn’t understand.
I think about that day when I hear Donald Trump and his supporters talk about the “war on Christmas” (there isn’t one), or brag that “we’re saying Merry Christmas again” (“we” never stopped).
The Health Ministry’s reported coronavirus death toll is 2,074, with 50,677 positive cases, but Afghanistan’s testing capacity is severely limited — it has conducted just 180,000 tests since March.
But it has become increasingly clear in the last few months that, at least in a subset of people who have the virus, calming the storm is the key to survival.
Of course, parents don’t have this option and must become adept at deciphering what’s wrong and learning how to soothe their child.
Her work has drawn stinging criticism from feminists.
By nearly two to one, white voters in Nevada said they considered addressing law and order to be a more pressing electoral issue than confronting the coronavirus crisis.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
On Thursday, Judge Denny Chin — who had handed down Mr. Madoff’s 150-year sentence more than a decade ago in New York — denied the request.
Almost the entire staff has been laid off with eyes toward being brought back before the holidays.
He captures a dress uniform on its hanger in exquisite shades of graphite, and a young off-duty Marine, bare-chested and smoking, in equally effortless ink line.
“Biden made an effort always to communicate with and talk to and deal with and ask opinions of his Republican colleagues,” he said.
To me this is one of the most touching pieces by Bach — of incredible tenderness and simplicity, yet profound and utterly intimate.
They will also have to screen guests for symptoms and mandate masks everywhere inside the park, except when people are eating and drinking.
Now the coronavirus pandemic has eliminated 90 percent of Bluestone Lane’s revenue, and he has laid off some 700 workers.
And a lot are frustrated about missing out on things like spring break, field trips and graduation.
There is little social distancing, and few people are being tested.
What started as a humble dry goods store in Wyoming in 1902 was a century later a national chain with a household name and more than 1,000 locations.
In Mr. Stulberg’s puzzle, however, the first word in each theme entry goes in between FOR and SAKE.
Here’s a guide to making a newspaper rose.
“I play what I live.
If Mr. Saxon rarely had a leading role in his long career, he did work with top directors, including John Huston, and he had stories about all of them.
Its wetland ecosystems depend on the sediments from the Rio Branco and are considered of international importance for their biological diversity.
How likely is the country, or the world for that matter, to reach a state of near ungovernability?
The night he met Ms. Wazalis, he started feeling that this might change.
Election night is shaping up as a dangerous, high-pressure moment for the country and for television journalists, who traditionally play an outsize role in telling Americans who won our decentralized, locally run national elections.
Last June, seven schools — Minnesota State, Bemidji State, Bowling Green, Ferris State, Northern Michigan, Michigan Tech and Lake Superior State — announced plans to withdraw from the W.C.H.A.
Even Jordan was subject to gravity.
That’s 30 percent cheaper than the in-state, in-person tuition.
The cost of Mr. Trump’s first in-person fund-raiser since the pandemic lockdowns began?
[YELLING] Peter comes to me, and he’s like, where’s your warm-up jacket for world championship?
The late-night looting that has followed some of these demonstrations has left a similar string of upscale targets: a Nordstrom in Seattle, an Apple Store in Minneapolis, an R.E.I.
Just last weekend, about 120,000 people marched through downtown Madrid to celebrate International Women’s Day.
“Pull on Thru tha Nite” (2017) is titled for the visual pun of the figure pulling down the night sky, a gesture that points to the mutability of context and our agency to move and even play within the confines of fixed meaning.
“‘You guys know this has been coming,’” Mr. Stalker recalled the Murray Energy executive telling them.
The chief has instructed officers to avoid giving tickets as much as possible.
When the virus becomes suspended in droplets smaller than five micrometers — known as aerosols — it can stay suspended for about a half-hour, researchers said, before drifting down and settling on surfaces where it can linger for hours.
“We tend to let everybody in,” he said.
Lawyers are copied on even innocuous emails as a way of excluding the messages from prying regulators, Dai reported.
We want to hear from our readers.
Shortly before the crash, the police had observed the 2009 Infiniti, which was moving erratically in the area of South Broadway and Prospect Street in Yonkers, and tried to stop it in front of Riverdale Avenue.
In June, a 20-year-old college student who traded on Robinhood committed suicide after placing trades that appeared to suddenly give him a negative balance of $730,000.
Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the nation’s top infectious disease expert, appeared on “CBS This Morning” on Friday to repeat his pleas to Americans to take the virus seriously.
Even though Robert Trump was never groomed to take over the family company, he loyally went to work for it after his father handed the reins to Donald Trump.
Sometimes, abnormalities can be seen on a regular 2D ultrasound, but in some cases diagnosis requires a 3D ultrasound or an M.R.I., Dr. Rosenwaks said.
Joe Biden has been in the national spotlight for nearly 50 years.
If they’re having trouble with a router, ask them to FaceTime or use Skype, WhatsApp or Facebook Messenger to video chat and see for yourself what the issue might be and help guide them in the right direction.
The project’s website said that, if successful, “this initiative will enable Colonial Williamsburg to expand its Black-interpretative programming through voices that have been silent since the Revolution.” When the archaeology project started work in earnest to unearth the church, the impact was powerful.
Besides rent and utilities, the loan is meant to be spent on payroll within 60 days.
Female athletes are often presented as inspirational or embattled, instead of just excellent.
Submitting a comment also gives students an audience of fellow teenagers from around the world who might read and respond to their work.
The board has created what it calls an Emergency Fund for Racial Justice to redistribute those corporate donations, in partnership with the Amalgamated Foundation, to other black-led groups.
Undeterred by the early deficit, San Francisco Coach Kyle Shanahan stuck to his run-heavy attack, eventually softening up the Chiefs’ defense to the point where Garoppolo was able to tie the game at 10-10 by throwing to fullback Kyle Juszczyk for a 15-yard catch-and-run.
At the end of the summer institute, participants will be given a certificate for the number of summer hours completed.
I’m only two years out of college, and recently, I was thrust into a new role.
How can we, as a society, make household families more equitable?
“When you’re young and you’re doing rock ’n’ roll, things happen fast and you say things that you obviously wouldn’t say to anyone else,” Garza said.
No president has personally attended the march in its 47-year history.
“I think things are shifting, but more on a global scale than domestic,” said Matt Lloyd, chief investment strategist of Advisors Asset Management.
“That Donald Trump would end up auditioning to be the Jill Stein of the 2020 cycle,” Mr. Ginsberg said, “with Rudy Giuliani as his apprentice is, I think, quite amusing.” The gallery of critics has not been confined to legal scholars or the president’s opponents.
It has been bewildering to witness different countries — and even different regions within individual countries — open up at different speeds and with different priorities.
Those mass demonstrations have waned, but hundreds have continued on, clashing with the police almost nightly.
For weekly email updates on residential real estate news, sign up here.
“We cannot delay returning to normal life forever,” Mr.
He represents the leftist-leaning, secular elite, which in Turkey’s polarized society is the opposite of the president and his supporters.
(A representative from the show confirmed to Slate that all guests wear earpieces in order to hear the audio tracks of news clips played during the show, but there is no evidence Mr. Gore was fed any answers.)
Lightning Complex fire in Healdsburg, Calif., on Thursday.
Weissmann’s portrait of his boss is admiring, affectionate and utterly devastating.
“I’m a germaphobe myself and I have three little kids so I want to make sure I take every precaution.” Hawaii health officials were working swiftly over the weekend to find anyone who might have had contact with the Japanese couple, who had also visited the island of Maui.
Her last World Through a Lens essay was about a hut-to-hut hike in the Dolomites.
So I feel I’m sort of collaborating with my various old selves.
She may have also reached the milestone last season had the N.C.A.A.
If it goes through, it would create one giant player in food delivery as more people turn toward those services in the coronavirus pandemic.
Minneapolis Police Department policy states an officer can only do this if someone is, quote, “actively resisting.” And even though the officers call for medical assistance, they take no action to treat Floyd on their own while waiting for the ambulance to arrive.
The kids are home from school and it isn’t at all clear when they’ll be back in a classroom; we are going to have to figure out distance learning for them — which puts me in mind of suggesting to Apple and every other laptop maker in the United States to offer to make a computer available for free to every American child who needs one.
We are at cookingcare@nytimes.com and someone will get back to you.
With elective procedures indefinitely on hold in much of the country, those machines are now sitting idle.
When Richard showed up at the Store, it was like a wave went through the club: “Richard’s here, oh my God, Richard’s here.” I’d go out to the parking lot and open the door of his car.
“Let’s be clear: The fashion industry’s lack of transparency and accountability leaves all models vulnerable to abuse, regardless of their sex or gender identity.” Known for consistently pushing the boundaries of what could be considered high fashion over the course of his 15-year career, Mr. Wang helped usher streetwear and sportswear into the luxury lexicon.
“We’re trapped in a room of 20 to 30 people and I don’t know who has what illness,” Ms. Kleve said of her classes.
Some economists and demographers have derided Phoenix’s growth as cheap.
transcript “On or about March 13, 2020, in Jefferson County, Ky., the above-named defendant, Brett Hankison, committed the offense of wanton endangerment in the first degree.
What was most fun or fascinating about your augmented-reality experience?
Next to him was Melania Trump, the first lady, in a highlighter-green pleated Valentino dress with long panels regally flying out from the back of the shoulders.
Sign up here to find us in your inbox every Wednesday.
The city’s five boroughs had rates ranging from 18.8 percent in the Bronx to 10.9 percent in Manhattan, and unemployment was significantly lower in other parts of the state.
“They’ll certainly use a tactical situation on the ground to their advantage.” Hari Kumar contributed reporting.
I chose to emigrate and to take the oath of American citizenship.
Last year, the documentary “Rocketman” captured the “crew of dreamers” who work to launch Mr. Hughes “in a homemade rocket on a mission to prove that the Earth is flat.” On Sunday, the documentary’s Instagram page dedicated a post to Mr. Hughes.
In a recent survey by the National Education Association, the country’s largest teachers’ union, 28 percent of educators said the coronavirus had made them more likely to leave teaching or retire early.
Today, I am ending my campaign and endorsing Joe Biden for president.
The ads focusing on Mr. Biden’s age are running only on Facebook, and are running largely in eight battleground states, according to data from the platform: Arizona, Wisconsin, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Florida and Georgia.
But sometimes — after, say, a particularly busy month — your entire wardrobe is piled on the floor and you avert your eyes whenever you walk by the clothing mountain to avoid pangs of self-loathing.
That move persuaded Greece to stop blocking the country’s applications to join NATO and the European Union, now confident that Skopje had no territorial ambitions over an area of northern Greece also known as Macedonia.
Coming of Age in 2020, our first contest of the school year, acknowledges both the tumultuous events of this year and their outsize impact on young people — and invites teenagers in the United States to respond creatively.
The situation is no better in KwaZulu-Natal, which has the highest prevalence of H.I.V.
Travis, manages her business, loves telling people she’s a “68-year-old virgin.” When the economy is good, Ms. Orman’s business does fine.
Instead of summarizing them all, I’m including a sample of the responses here in case some of them surprise you too: “I have been making masks for two groups our church is providing them for — an organization that aids the homeless and the Department of Juvenile Justice.
These are some of the phrases whose use skyrocketed this year, based on more than 20,000 corporate presentations that we analyzed with Sentieo, a research firm.
He missed several opportunities to bring up the generals who have spoken out against Trump.
Through it all, in your comments, you’ve shared your fears, frustrations and anger, but also hope, humor and much wisdom.
He could not handle the avalanche of responses flooding his cellphone, he said.
Urun makes a smartphone app that streamlines their work.
“We didn’t talk for a while,” her sister said.
In 2003, the actor Tim Reid found the only extant 35-millimeter print stored under a different title.
Details: On Sunday, China reported no new locally transmitted cases for the seventh consecutive day.
And its early results have shown basically that for the full two-dose regime, it was shown to be about 62 percent effective.
Cameo is, on its face, a service that allows housebound idiots to blow money on silly shout-outs.
Though young Americans typically vote at lower rates than the electorate does as a whole, the race in Michigan’s Eighth District isn’t the only one where their absence could have an impact.
“They didn’t engage Black and brown people,” Ms. Spann said, referring to the City Council members.
Noticing it early signaled that you were someone who kept a close eye on China, ignored official channels of information, brushed off snark and knew how to parse data.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
A pleasing alternation of the dense and spare, the shadowed and sunlit.
(The condiment was declared a must-have for quarantine cooking in The New York Times Magazine this April.)
For work-related legal protection, the suspended officers created a new chapter of the Fraternal Order of Police, a separate union that is much smaller than the P.B.A.
The telescope was built in the Hawaiian volcano Haleakala, which appropriately means “house of the sun.” 10.
His girlfriend—ex-girlfriend, I guess—is real good friends with Mom.
Others said they came because they were shocked to learn that protesters had been tortured after being detained at previous rallies.
The Oakley branch of La Clínica is quiet these days.
The scramble can be particularly nerve-racking for single parents, or those without family nearby.
After Obrovac beat Abdul-Jabbar to the jump ball, the Flyers were quickly grounded.
“Venice will always survive,” said Mr. Birnbaum, even if, as he predicts, the models of the global art world change after the pandemic.
Insurers also latched on to the government’s Medicaid program, which is run by private insurers in most states.
We’re here to provide a service to the public.
To gauge the expected blast and fragmentary effects of exploding munitions, we were trained to determine first which explosive material was present and then calculate its comparative weight in TNT to use as a common reference point.
It said Mr. McAfee had made more than $23 million from 2017 to 2018 by recommending several “initial coin offerings” — a type of crowdfunding — to his hundreds of thousands of Twitter followers, playing the recommendations off as impartial investment advice without disclosing that he was being paid to do so.
“I’m thrilled to be fighting for the future of this country in a place I grew up — a place I came of age.
Cuando nos conocimos, acababa de despedir a sus cuatro trabajadores y desechar una cuarta parte de su cosecha, incapaz de encontrar un comprador y sin poder pagar a sus empleados para que la recogieran.
She conceded that it was impossible to predict now what the state of the pandemic crisis would be in several months.
It seems no matter how hard I try, my 2-year-old will not follow rules.
Last week, according to two officials involved in the situation, Mr. Kushner was told that FEMA was finding medical equipment to buy overseas but could not get quick payment authority.
Some public companies also dived into Bitcoin because of concerns about the value of the dollar.
Parrot says it also offers metrics to quantify a show’s “rate of decay,” or shelf life, as well as its “travelability,” its potential appeal in various regions.
By the time Dr. Li was brought into the police station, 41 people had the coronavirus.
But perhaps some of the most striking moments from the pandemic are those where little happens: the empty streets.
Which Op-Eds, editorials or Letters to the Editor best match your own point of view?
The national lockdowns and social distancing measures caused by the pandemic are drying up work and incomes.
“But if there is an early spike, now the shore starts getting a reputation that’s going to scare off at least some families.” Last year, tourism pumped $46.4 billion into New Jersey, accounting for 6.3 percent of the state’s economy, according to a study by Tourism Economics.
The ribbons had become a way of showing support for separatist leaders, who were sentenced later in 2019 for having made an unsuccessful attempt to declare independence two years earlier.
“My study is more about the emergency department doctor who has to make a decision about whether to admit a patient to the hospital or move a patient to intensive care,” Dr. Sjoding said.
In a statement on Thursday, Twitter said that impressions, or views, of QAnon content had dropped by 50 percent since it had rolled out its restrictions.
A black comedy told in pastels, “Promising Young Woman” casts Mulligan as Cassie, a disaffected med-school dropout whose life has never been the same since her best friend was raped in college.
“Given the partisan nature of this impeachment from the very beginning and throughout,” she wrote, “I have come to the conclusion that there will be no fair trial in the Senate.
Ryugu is covered with boulders, and indeed, one large buried rock led to the semicircle shape of the crater.
The legislation would also give renters who have been affected financially by the virus and shutdown more time to pay their rent, and offer housing protection to essential workers, the City Council speaker, Corey Johnson, said.
“I Will Dance” rides on the sensation of movement; it’s simple yet sophisticated.
Those kinds of issues are increasingly coming up in conversations with clients and prospects, according to Michael Kayes, managing director of investments at Exencial Wealth Advisors near Charlotte, N.C. “I got one the other day that said, ‘If your firm is against Trump, I don’t want to hire you,’” he said.
Gas the Jews.’” The Proud Boys responded enthusiastically to Trump’s comments at Tuesday’s debate, celebrating them as “historic” and boasting that they were already bringing in new members.
It happened to Emmett Till.
He drove her to Woodhull the next evening so a doctor could examine her, picking her up many hours later, after she was tested.
They have experimented with different fabrics: While many wear cotton masks, one actress, Nadine Darmon (who plays Agrippine), switched to polyamide during the run in Cergy, to test the effect on the sound.
But perhaps things had to get bad before they got better.
Whereas the tomboy’s counterpart, the “sissy,” carries the homophobic and misogynistic warning to boys: Don’t be like a girl.
“It’s three times,” he corrected in a millisecond.
Ideally, that time will not only be at the end of the day, when everyone is tired.
A lone waiter served six tables along West 50th Street, with no portrait of Mr. Luce in sight.
Only a dozen of the top 50 players are attending.
“We had no clue where it was coming from.” [Here are some tips for preventing Zoombombing.]
“We didn’t think we needed to measure them because we thought we knew,” said Professor Gostin, the Georgetown expert, who was involved in the revision process.
“He went to war for Ukraine, and he’ll do the same for Belarus if necessary.
I don’t play Ping-Pong beyond knowing which end of the paddle is supposed to hit the ball, but my research department (in this case, the crossword editor Will Shortz, who has ranked nationally in table tennis and owns his own club) tells me that “Lucky thing to hit in Ping-Pong” is the EDGE of the table.
I’m quite pleased that we are able to offer some counterprogramming to the election news drip torture.” — Rich Barton, the C.E.O.
[The New York Times] Senator Kamala Harris said she’s very concerned about the possibility of wildfires colliding with the coronavirus pandemic.
His father, S. P. Sambamurthy, was a singer and stage actor; his mother, Sakunthalamma, was a homemaker.
He is responsible for loans totaling $421 million, most of which will come due within four years.
While the region does not have very many patients — there have been about 50 cases in the panhandle — some medical workers said that may be because of limited testing; there could well be more undetected cases.
And it would probably have to give up its nuclear weapons — the United Kingdom’s nuclear submarine base is in Scotland.
It seemed that Angelenos could finally claim a real advantage in having an identity that included an embarrassing, carbon-emitting, traffic-jammed, sprawl-and-crawl culture.
Quarterback Josh Allen mostly needs to hold steady and let the defense cook, but he’s young, has a big arm, and a lot of confidence.
But if we can keep it afloat in a way that we won’t be hurting or closing the business, it’s better.” Matthew Haag, Juliana Kim, Amanda Rosa and Raul Vilchis contributed reporting.
Each type of sensor responds to a distinct chemical cue, giving the animals an extraordinarily refined palate that can inform how their agile arms react, jettisoning an object as useless or dangerous, or nabbing it for a snack.
Katie Grand, the house’s stylist since 2013, assured me that the moment Jacobs walks through the door of the seventh-floor studio on Spring Street, “all the Rye-idyllic happiness” falls away and “the anxieties hit, the insecurities hit.” And there are other anxieties, too: about money — Jacobs had recently sold more than 50 works from his personal collection of contemporary art, including one by John Currin and an Andy Warhol, at Sotheby’s — and about age, about the industry’s relentless pursuit of the new.
Nearly one in four Republicans “don’t want to get vaccinated because they don’t believe Covid poses a serious threat,” said Mollyann Brodie, the executive vice president of the foundation.
She has had more success with milk powder.
“These people are crazy,” he said at a recent campaign rally, describing his opposition.
Committees need to be formed, and everyone needs to have up-to-date party materials.
Pirkle v. Wolf Filed: Nov. 10 Claim: Four voters sought to block all votes from Philadelphia, Montgomery, Delaware and Allegheny Counties from being included in the state total, claiming that the state violated the right to equal protection by allowing differing absentee balloting practices among counties.
Potential targets could include Massachusetts or New Jersey, where state regulators have pursued them, or New York or Pennsylvania, where courts have rejected the argument by gig companies that workers run their own independent businesses.
Her application was accepted, and they went on their first date that night, to watch the sun rise at the Minnesota State Capitol in St. Paul.
I mean, it sounds exactly like something Trump would say.
She is on Twitter at @EstelleSErasmus
Antes de Ibrahimovic, el Galaxy, hambriento de estrellas, empleó a Robbie Keane y Landon Donovan (quienes ganaron el Premio al Jugador Más Valioso de la liga), y Steven Gerrard y Ashley Cole (cuyas actuaciones fueron mucho menos memorables).
There were fans cheering at the famous 17th hole, and you had to ask if the scene was live, because it already felt from a different era.
Social media has elevated more voices, but also brought greater scrutiny to the decisions of businesses and tastemakers like Ms. Winfrey who are trying to build broader audiences.
Invite your students to read what they had to say, then, perhaps, answer the question, “Where do we go from here?” themselves.
That has been staved off — for now — of course.
But who needs more of that?
Right now, I need a gun to be safe in this country.
On Tuesday, the team announced that Syndergaard’s right elbow needed ulnar collateral ligament reconstruction — better known as Tommy John surgery.
I was in so much pain for so long, and waiting for my medication for so long, that I was throwing up.
Funmilola Macaulay, an assistant principal at Horizon Science Academy in Chicago, said she hates to admit this, but the consensus among educators she’s spoken with is that parental involvement is the worst part of remote learning.
Democrats have expressed deep skepticism about the Justice Department investigation, suspicious that it will present a biased view of the F.B.I.’s and C.I.A.’s attempts in 2016 to investigate Russian interference.
It would seem like a golden opportunity for Airbus to capitalize.
See every Word of the Day in this column.
Today we might question why the two leaders would honor Jefferson at all.
Later they gather higher in the sky, their calls now so attenuated by air and distance that to the ear they corrode into something that seems less than sound, to suspicions of dust and glass.
The soaring hopes for democracy and reform that were stirred by Mr. Mubarak’s ouster during the Arab Spring in 2011 have been so completely crushed under its current ruler, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, that some Egyptians find themselves pining for the rule of the man they once despised.
The president-elect unveiled a 13-person virus-task force while continuing to urge Americans to wear masks and seeking to temper expectations about a virus vaccine that has shown positive early results.
As the protests have intensified, he has shown he has no intention of giving in to the demonstrators or of withdrawing his support for the territory’s much-criticized chief executive, Carrie Lam.
And of course, rights are meaningful only if they are enforceable.
More than 100 companies make up the Camera Nazionale della Moda Italiana, but Ms. Jean said her company is the only Black-owned brand.
Como no había forma de saber si mi recién descubierto aislamiento iba a durar cinco semanas o cinco años, intentaba urgentemente reformular el concepto de placer como algo que podía ocurrir sin otras personas.
“I’m going to do something to spice things up.” On the afternoon of Wednesday, Nov. 18, he created a new impostor, this time posing as the father of Kamala Harris, the vice president-elect.
By now you’d imagine this form of home-stitched Americana had been fully exploited by designers like Raf Simons (at Calvin Klein) and Emily Bode.
LaShawn Nelson, who conducted interviews for that poll from her home in Houston, said it was challenging to stick to the script when confronted with so much anxiety and worry at the other end of the line.
Outsinging Wonder is, ordinarily, a fool’s fantasy.
There were 6,389 total cases in the District of Columbia and 328 deaths — a higher rate of death than most states — as of Monday morning.
He wrote that he offered the dog treats in an effort to persuade Ms. Cooper to follow the area’s rules.
The South Korean film’s triumph as the first non-English language best picture winner is a result in part of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences’ efforts to diversify its voting base by race, gender, and nationality.
The sounds of prayer can still be heard at regular intervals, but from balconies and rooftops.
At the very least, the tug of war you will encounter herein has to be good for working off your Thanksgiving meal.
(Farago) 212-857-9700, icp.org ‘IN PURSUIT OF FASHION: THE SANDY SCHREIER COLLECTION’ at the Metropolitan Museum of Art (through May 17).
“I don’t think there’s any way today that a 15-year-old boy could beat a top 100 player,” he said.
“We could see that this impact was real,” said Dr. Jasper Been, a neonatologist at Erasmus Medical Center in Rotterdam and the study’s lead author.
“I know where those rights came from.
The poll and two others released on the same day also showed Mr. Trump underwater on economic issues.
And then we can proceed to throwing food at the screen for the Republican convention the following week.
Do we really want Mr. Trump’s venomous approach to politics and life to be even more deeply imprinted on the Republican Party?
Mr. Sarbanes was always attentive to local issues.
His appetite had fallen sharply, despite energetically throwing his red ball, and splashing in the water.
For now, though, our cooped-up lives continue to produce an afternoon collage of sound that is a reminder of what we’re missing and used to ignore.
Oh, a cocktail waitress in a blue lace dress, short.
“Why is it that all these pedophiles were allowed to be untouched for years and years and years until President Trump was sworn in as president?” The scale of QAnon isn’t yet clear, but it’s definitely big.
Sign up here to get this newsletter in your inbox.
Mr. Trump’s decision to leave the W.H.O.
They start standing apart on a cliff overlooking the sea and eventually take careful steps, moving clockwise as the gap shrinks between them; the wide shot switches to a close-up, first of Galoup, then of Sentain, who radiates innocence even in aggression.
For these reasons and more, we are thrilled to endorse Senator Bernie Sanders for president.” Both the 2016 primary and general elections for president disrupted many labor organizations and the political process that governs their endorsements.
Programs that permitted beneficiaries to work and save were told to adopt more restrictive eligibility standards or be denied funding.
(Kartuz Greenhouses, Logee’s and Steve’s Leaves offer a diversity of begonias and other indoor plants.)
Meantime, I’d settle for a re:la T-shirt ($85) with a quote from Simon Rodia, the visionary artist who constructed Watts Towers: “I had in mind to build something big and I did.’’
The decision means some of the more than 5,000 American troops will have to stay in Iraq longer than expected.
On March 24, one of the volunteers, an associate at a private equity firm in New York City, thanked Mr. Oren-Pines for reaching out and asked him to fill out a form detailing the stock and price of the supplies he had access to, according to emails.
All comments are moderated by the Learning Network staff, but please keep in mind that once your comment is accepted, it will be made public.
Steven Soderbergh: He’s executive producing the thriller “Wireless,” about a crash survivor (played by Tye Sheridan) trying to communicate on his smartphone.
Probably not, legal experts said.
What has changed since then, and what hasn’t?
The Federal Aviation Administration said the pilot of the Boeing 737 reported seeing a person on the runway shortly after the plane touched down.
“It was pretty wild.” Ms. Schneider, 61, said the shaking “had people racing out of the building.
But Christine Lagarde, the central bank’s president, signaled that policymakers were concerned about the euro’s rise.
That followed an incident over the summer when Allan Adam, the leader of one of Canada’s First Nations in Alberta, was tackled to the pavement and punched by the police over an expired license plate.
“To be blunt, all of these event losses are human-made,” he said.
The man was handcuffed, questioned and then released by deputies after signing paperwork, KCAL-TV reported.
That sunlight is the best disinfectant.
A stalwart of Democratic politics, she has never worked in the White House and is a rare new admission into Mr. Biden’s tight circle of trusted aides.
Santificado, que estas en el cielo, danos hoy nuestro pan de cada dia.
Friends and strangers alike who heard of her story, whether via Facebook or media reports, sent food, toys for Ethan, and messages saying that Mr. Frilot’s diagnosis had opened their eyes to the reality of the pandemic.
“I can tell you that the American people want information they can use to fight the coronavirus, not palace intrigue,” he said.
Air-conditioner units dangled from awnings by a few wires.
My spinach and tomato mina (espinaca and tomate) or matzo kugel is something I’ve made for 35 years and is my favorite.
Se estima que hay riesgo de parálisis en 1 de cada 2,7 millones de personas vacunadas.
While Fox News is home to Trump cheerleaders like Sean Hannity, it also runs a decision desk and a daytime news operation that have declared Mr. Biden the president-elect.
Amazon shuttered the French warehouses after a court ruled on April 15 that it hadn’t adequately consulted the employee works council, which includes union members, on coronavirus safety protocols.
Questioned by the federal judge who oversaw the Stone case, department officials acknowledged that it was the policy of the United States attorney’s office in Washington to seek the harshest possible sentence under the sentencing guidelines and to let the judge decide whether it was warranted.
Panic seized the East Coast.
3 seed in the A.F.C.
“We’ve had a few incursions recently, but I’m expecting an onslaught if this lockdown carries on for months on end.” Map Ives, the director of Rhino Conservation Botswana, shares her fears.
Take a look around, the consequences of his words and his actions.
But now the Russian peacekeeper next to them was in charge.
Going through this process made me realize just how many lists I had joined for organizations and people I’d only ever had, at most, a fleeting interest in, usually so I could get that initial 15 percent off.
I haven’t seen her in two weeks, like my daughter.
Finally, the behavior of older people is often monitored, especially in regard to the use of computers, which it is assumed that they are inept at.
Nearly 25 percent of its members’ residential tenants did not pay rent in May, up from about 20 percent in April, the group said.
Ancient Chinese belief regarded the living person as having two souls, the “hun” and the “po,” which parted ways at death.
Running Riyadh made him a key interface between the royals and society.
Fold the bottom flaps up over the fold you made in Step 3.
We’re going to crush them,” according to the people.
“You live in constant fear of dying,” said Alexandra Nedeltcheva, 54, who has been a waitress for Celebrity Cruises for 11 years.
They were opposing centers in a women’s recreational hockey league game.
After my last concert, I couldn’t stop shivering.
Ese día, Arabia Saudita y Rusia eliminaron un acuerdo para contener su producción nacional, lo que desató una guerra de precios y hundió a la industria energética mundial en su mayor crisis en décadas.
And where I grew up, we called a 37A a roly-poly.
“But the novel is also quite personal and intimate, about a family and this man.” Yu’s own connection to Fukushima, where she moved in 2015, runs deep.
When I read aloud the name of one Facebook friend who constantly shared debunked claims, often with language intended to provoke, he sighed.
Cases and deaths in New York Day with reporting anomaly.
With assimilation and progress, of course, those sorts of safe spaces have become less customary or necessary.
“I know many people are anxious and some feel helpless.
It’s a communication, a back and forth, and division of responsibility helps parents shift their mind-set.” With babies and toddlers who aren’t able to express all of this verbally, Klein trains parents to look for physical cues of readiness, such as a “positive tilt” toward the spoon or food on the high chair tray, and to respect the signs that a child is either full or just not ready to eat a particular food — if he’s turning his head, pushing food away or getting restless or fussy in the high chair.
That was the last time I talked to her.” Ms. Bouffioux died on Sept. 8 at a hospital in Anchorage.
For those devoted enough to Mr. Trump to brave frigid weather and long lines to attend a midweek campaign rally, any responsibility for economic malaise was directed elsewhere.
For almost every nation on earth — including the richest —not only has the coronavirus proved an extraordinary, often humbling challenge, it has brought a political reckoning for their leaders.
Everyone’s job on a show is so, so important.
Now, somehow, Patti’s not for everybody.
Dr. Conley graduated from the Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine in 2006, according to records from the Virginia Board of Medicine.
series win against the Yankees, allowing one earned run over one and two-thirds innings while featuring a fastball that reached 99 m.p.h.
A small time lag probably explains why the data currently shows births declining in June.
Then T-Pain sings the chorus and brings on more of that “I did it” energy.
Some in the film even say Eric Goode and Rebecca Chaiklin, the show’s co-directors and co-producers, claimed to be making the big cat version of “Blackfish,” the award-winning 2013 documentary that spurred widespread backlash against SeaWorld.
That’s effectively the same thing, but it’s the happy kind of resolution that doesn’t entail self-loathing at the end of every party.
“And that makes me angry because I think the present state of college sports is exploitive.” After months of threats and challenges from the country’s statehouses, the N.C.A.A.
In the past, there was concern that getting an epidural early in labor might increase the risk of C-section, but studies have shown this is not the case.
Q: Why do you think West Virginia and the rural areas have gone so red?
Based on a mosaic of intelligence, officials believe Mr. Tice, now 38, remains alive and is being held by the Syrian government, according to former and current officials.
Mr. Barr was concerned about demonstrations near the White House over the weekend that had resulted in a small basement fire at St. John’s and graffiti on the Treasury Department headquarters, so he resolved to push the security perimeter farther from the mansion.
What’s interesting, though, is that most of the children who’ve gotten sick — even those whose tests indicated prior coronavirus exposure — did not report having a recent respiratory illness.
Amy, thank you very much.
A vaccine is considered to be the best long-term solution to ending the pandemic and helping countries reopen.
“A rain rate of, say, an inch an hour — that’s not so bad if the rain only lasts 30 minutes.
And opened it at a cost of less than $500,000.
Her leading rival in the primary race, Mr. Conway, who served in Naval intelligence and is the son of a billionaire investor, criticized some of Ms. Foxx’s approach, but much of his platform was similar to hers.
Page, who is also known as Tyree Conyers-Page, was arrested on Friday, appeared in federal court and was released on $10,000 bail.
For his day job, Dr. Castaneda served as the director of inpatient psychiatry at Bellevue Hospital in Manhattan from 1992 to 2009, before entering private practice as a clinical psychiatrist on the Upper West Side of Manhattan.
Besides being a home, it really is a work of art.” It also helps that, besides owning such a beautiful home, the Goodens are well-versed in what is — and isn’t — acceptable in negotiations.
Kristen Maxwell, editora en jefe de The Knot, prevé que en 2021 haya un mayor enfoque en la salud y la seguridad.
The 6,000-square-foot, split-level house exemplifies Grenadian-style indoor-outdoor living, said Renee Charles, the brokerage manager at Terra Caribbean, which has the listing.
In December 2015, after the demagoguery of Donald Trump’s presidential campaign became clear, I asked CNN’s president, Jeff Zucker, if he regretted his role in Mr. Trump’s rise.
They make enough money anyways.
Let us know at theplaylist@nytimes.com and sign up for our Louder newsletter, a once-a-week blast of our pop music coverage.
Some businesses are even taking coffee orders for delivery.
“I have tears in my eyes,” Zalli Jaffe, the president of the Great Synagogue, said in an interview.
Take, for example, this crunchy BLT tart with ripe, end-of-the-summer tomatoes, crumbled candied bacon and a thicket of baby lettuces greening the top.
Spoonerisms are when you transpose the first letters of two words in a spoken phrase to get a cheeky new one — my favorite example is an usher saying, “May I sew you to your sheets?” instead of “May I show you to your seats.” In this case, Messrs. Guzzetta and Chen have switched the homophones of whole words.
Black Americans have been called by many names in the United States.
“The design challenge was to make something distinctive enough to be worthy of existing without being so quirky that it got annoying over time,” said Steve Turbek, head of user experience at Goldman Sachs, who was in charge of the font project.
A second case was the bombing of the 16th Street Baptist Church in Birmingham, Ala., on Sept. 15, 1963, in which four young girls were killed.
He had called Kemp on the phone earlier in the day, pressuring the governor to call the state legislature into session so that its Republican majorities could appoint new electors.
For this series of patients, who were treated at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University, the death rate was 4.3 percent.
The great corridors of tourist shopping, normally bustling on a Sunday, were dead.
Instead, he said, “We should look at Covid-zero as a rallying cry for a better approach.” Dr. Dhalla said that several Asian countries, particularly Korea, could serve as templates, but that “the most compelling example” is the four provinces of Atlantic Canada.
Mr. Abloh, one of the first Black men to lead a global luxury brand, has degrees in civil engineering and architecture and a background in streetwear, including his own brands, Off-White and Pyrex Vision, and as creative director of Mr. West’s company Donda.
And I wonder what it was like to come home to your family.
The United States has never experienced anything quite like the economic disjuncture caused by the spread of the new coronavirus.
It was coined in the 1940s by the Texas politician Maury Maverick, who was not a big fan of jargon.
Using a simple disinfectant is nearly guaranteed to break the delicate envelope that surrounds the tiny microorganism, rendering it harmless.
As Gulnara Dzhengabayeva discovered, ambulance drivers frequently refuse to take migrants to the hospital, though it is illegal.
Some 500,000 live in Iran, and tens of thousands have returned since the virus broke out.
In central Iowa, a Trump sign along a highway was partially covered with a sheet of black metal spray-painted with Bible verse: “Love One Another.
Nothing is what it was.
“Tendrías que preguntarles a ellos”, replicó, al sugerir que ese no debería ser el caso.
“They have found lentils in Egyptian tombs — and they’ve still sprouted,” Mr. McGreevy said.
Still, he said he is more concerned about the prospect of a Biden administration than he is about Mr. Trump’s handling of the pandemic.
Think of Representative John Lewis, his bravery in the face of physical violence and his ability to move a crowd to tears and bring people to their feet.
After weeks of lockdown, new cases in England have fallen by 33 percent.
Mr. Cerpentier’s stocks had been empty for 10 days before he found out about Rubbens’s new line, he said.
Ideally, that would be somewhere with dark skies, away from city lights and traffic.
I also remember feeling that this surely couldn’t be the only way of performing or interpreting this music.
Most kids like what they think they’re supposed to like.
Under A.M. Rosenthal, the executive editor, the art department became part of the newsroom for the first time, with Mr. Silverstein leading it.
And this is our opportunity to leave the dark, angry politics of the past four years behind us.
It’s not a short-term investment return that anybody is going to get.” Williams was a powerhouse team in the 1980s and 1990s, winning nine constructors’ and seven drivers’ championships.
The same program also focuses on the Palestinian dancer Ayman Safiah, who died in May, at 29, apparently while trying to save a friend from drowning.
You’re right: The organization has been around since 1982, when conservative law students created what they saw as an antidote to the mainstream legal establishment.
Others have to be at work — doctors, nurses, grocery store employees, firefighters, paramedics, police officers.
“Two of us enter the hospital, three of us leave, and you tell us how it’s done safely.” This was the birth plan of one of my patients.
I’m certain she doesn’t feel this way about everyone.
Mr. Hundessa’s death incited widespread unrest and violence, with hundreds killed, thousands arrested and the government clamping down on media outlets and journalists.
Do you think the books sitting on someone’s bookshelf say anything about that person, even if the person never reads them?
Cecilia L. Ridgeway, a professor at Stanford, described the costs and benefits in her 2013 presidential address at the American Sociological Association.
But the timing of that warning was suspicious, coming just after the organization voted to formally endorse Mr. Morse but before word had been put out publicly, said Elliot Imse, the Victory Fund’s communications director.
The hashtag #WriteInTrumpForGA was one of Twitter’s top trending topics on Tuesday afternoon, with more than 23,000 tweets.
With “Inside the Box,” I’m excited to bring games, wordplay, and mystery into your home through virtual puzzles.
could face if more government workers were forced to work remotely.
“The numbers don’t lie,” said Idris Goodwin, the director of the Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center at Colorado College.
I am learning a lot of new repertoire.
“How will our wages get paid?
There are a few lyrics on the new record that made me laugh out loud.
The key for Democrats isn’t so much to take a position on Suleimani as it is to convey a sense of sobriety when it comes to questions of peace and war.
Lindsay Trent, a San Francisco-based psychologist and the co-founder of the therapy app Basis, recommended asking yourself what changes you expect in your life and relationships.
community that address racial inequity and bring people together.” These statements were notable because specific mentions of law enforcement were conspicuously missing from many corporate statements released last week.
In April, when our labs were struggling because of shortages of a necessary chemical ingredient, reagents, President Trump and I reached an agreement that helped double New York’s capacity.
has seized Burr’s cell phone and searched his electronic records, suggesting that Burr may be in serious legal jeopardy.
David B. Ensor, the director of Voice of America from 2011 to 2015, said: “It’s terrible news.
“We continue to focus this week on finding more surgical gowns and of course, on ventilators, to get us through,” he said.
La preferencia por un tipo de piel refuerza desigualdades que se han gestado y retroalimentado desde el sistema de castas colonial.
“We are already thinking of selling things that we don’t use in the house to be able to eat,” said Mr. Bastardo, 25, a security guard.
The agreement also reflected a last-ditch effort by progressive Democrats, who found unlikely allies in both Mr. Trump and Senator Josh Hawley, Republican of Missouri, to secure a more robust round of direct payments.
About one week of scheduled legislative days remain, during which lawmakers will need to pass legislation to fund the government beyond Dec. 11.
“Hong Kong has suffered,” he admitted, referring to the impact that continued civil unrest and an economic recession have had on luxury watch sales in that region.
Large chunks of debris tumbled through the air, landing heavily on city streets as sirens sounded throughout Grays Ferry and the city’s emergency-management department issued a shelter-in-place order for residents living near the refinery.
He called them “not acts of a peaceful process, but acts of terror.” “I am mobilizing all available federal resources, civilian and military, to stop the rioting and looting, to end the destruction and arson, and to protect the rights of law-abiding Americans, including your Second Amendment rights,” Trump said.
The big challenge with Ms. Warren’s proposal is that it also would involve much more new tax financing than Mr. Biden’s.
The show’s resemblance to our own very real pandemic was accidental, but it lends it an uneasy verisimilitude, inspiring a few critics to lament what felt like a validation of anti-vaccine crankdom in the era of QAnon.
Jason Gutierrez reported from Manila, and Mike Ives from Hong Kong.
“She said, ‘You still have the same criminal way of thinking.’ It’s true, I do.
Monika Pronczuk reported from Brussels and Benjamin Novak from Budapest.
The video shows the man pleading repeatedly with the agents while shouting that he had done nothing wrong.
I remember hearing young Cairo protesters dismiss the call for early elections in 2011 by invoking their own “revolutionary legitimacy” — a phrase that should make anyone’s blood run cold.
The loose sentence structure allowed me to convey to the reader that same exact sensation of freedom that I was experiencing.
I am always doubling as different selves in different spaces, sometimes as trans Carl who lived half a century in a woman’s body, still holding all of Polly’s memories, and sometimes as “dude” Carl along the Interstate and in the back of some Lyft.
Like most headquarters of high-profile campaigns today, Biden’s has no visible markings or signage outside, the better to avoid unwanted protest or scrutiny.
One escape room operator in Florida taped a phone to his chest and participants called with instructions over videoconference.
Want to hear more about what’s going on in running right now?
Snapshot: Above, the Place de la Concorde in Paris last week during what would normally be a morning rush hour.
Everyone has three extra months to pay federal income taxes because of the financial pain caused by the coronavirus pandemic.
member from Virginia who has attended every party convention since he was the youngest elected delegate backing Barry Goldwater in 1964.
“When people show you who they are, believe them the first time,” Maya Angelou once told Oprah Winfrey.
… But every day, there is also Thelonious, a chipmunk who sits down to eat in a world without a doomful election and a deadly virus.
The orca, identified by researchers as J35 and also known as Tahlequah, became a symbol in 2018 of the plight of the Southern Resident whales, which were 88 in number when they were listed as endangered in 2005 and have dwindled further since then.
Related: Do people who survive the infection become immune?
When Mr. de Blasio resisted doing so, Dr. Daskalakis threatened to resign, a city official said.
After her questions were answered, she consented to the invitation with an enthusiastic “let it be to me according to your word” (Luke 1:38).
“The focus should shift to 2021,” Mayor Cantrell said at a news conference.
It’s pretty much a long shot.” The latest version of PG&E’s own proposal includes a shake-up of its board and a safety plan to help prevent wildfires caused by its electrical equipment, both meant to address Mr. Newsom’s concerns.
For her portrayal of complicated women, Janet McTeer frequently sends audiences into fits of rapture.
The inhabitants include Horace Cross, a straight-A high school student from a prominent Black family whose torment in “Visitation” over being gay leads to a decision to cast out what he sees as a homosexuality demon.
One powerful lie that we were born into is that white people deserve different, better lives than anyone else.
My father had just lost his job as a taxi driver.
While the country previously eschewed lockdowns, fueling criticism of the government, Sweden recalibrated its approach, closing some schools and limiting public gatherings.
Their weapons, the weapons of science, are all we have left — perhaps the only true weapons our kind has ever marshaled against encroaching oblivion.
L Brands and Sycamore said that they would settle the litigation and that neither party would pay termination fees.
Like other pastors who have associated with celebrities, Mr. Lentz has also faced criticism that he was overly enamored with their star power, and he was criticized for wearing expensive sneakers and clothing.
Can I just ask a quick question?
Perhaps Hezbollah’s most effective anti-protest tactic has been to insinuate that the protests are the product of a foreign conspiracy against Shiites, whose ingrained sense of grievance stretches back centuries.
After watching, think about these questions: What moments in this film stood out for you?
As long as your tap water source is safe (check with your pediatrician if you aren’t sure), it can be used to mix with formula without boiling it first.
Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s Conservative Party has been hurt by its bungling of the coronavirus response, creating an opening for Labour less than a year after it was seemingly relegated to the political wilderness by its worst election loss since 1935.
Y esta es la realidad’”, recordó Bannon.
“We have here two indicators of a very specific climate,” Dr. Mörs said.
“This is an incredible time for our nation,” he wrote on Twitter.
The group said most charges were politically inflated — in some cases, it maintained, workers were cited for bogus registrations that they actually had flagged for election workers.
If followed, the guidelines would lead to a far-reaching remaking of the corporate work experience.
“The Seneca Nation constitution wouldn’t be changed to allow women to vote in tribal elections until 1964,” we learn.
“It would be cool to show that this could be successful,” said Samer Kalaf, a former Deadspin managing editor who has joined Defector.
Esto hace posible que Estados Unidos, con Biden a la cabeza, no quiera quedarse fuera de los megatratados y reactive sus lazos con el CPTPP.
If it proves to have been another attack, it will further shake the Iranians by demonstrating, yet again, that even their best-guarded nuclear and missile facilities have been infiltrated.
But only a small handful did this time.
I don’t even care who wins, just as long as they beat Trump.
In this video, she discusses the moment when Mulan (played by Yifei Liu) comes into her own as a warrior and uses her smarts with an assist from nature to beat back an aggressive army.
Creo que es casi necesario estar al aire libre un fin de semana soleado, pero también pienso que se deben tomar ciertas medidas para reducir el riesgo”.
Whatever the talent needs to make content, Triller will get.
But how much does this race, in particular, really matter?
Self-driving robot carts darted by, carrying tools and parts.
“When I hear some kind of scientific theory, I visualize it.” The victory lap of sorts offered by the Menil show certainly helps her momentum, which has been steady despite a lot of obstacles.
The timing of the election conflict means Mr. Ghani’s government will be challenged, and distracted, during the tight window of days when the details of the “violence reduction” need to be determined.
Después comentó con algunos colegas que creía que el programa secreto había ayudado a convencer a las autoridades del país a negociar, lo que dio como resultado el acuerdo nuclear de Irán.
Ahorrar mucho ha sido una meta constante para Mike Cassar, un abogado de seguros de 28 años que se concentró en los planes para el retiro tan pronto como tuvo su primer empleo en 2017 en Michigan.
But as bodies have piled up in recent weeks, many Muslim funerals have been delayed, sometimes up to seven days.
Hasta cierto punto —aunque la cita no sería bien recibida en el Everton— es el enfoque que transformó al Liverpool en campeón inglés y europeo.
She also alienated officials at the C.D.C.
Around that time, some workers told a local TV station that they were concerned that not enough was being done to protect on the work site.
Combined with an increase in the region’s racial diversity, this policy shift caused residential and educational segregation — almost always closely linked — to rapidly spike.
“It’s a delay tactic,” said Sam Weinstein, a former official in the antitrust division of the Justice Department and a professor at Cardozo School of Law.
Meanwhile, a record number of L.G.B.T.Q.
Every country had to make a choice about how to deal with something that is fundamentally so mysterious and so unpredictable.
A true cure-all, emotionally speaking, it is both a very good way to start a meal and a very good meal unto itself.
“With the support of Department of the Interior and National Park Service leadership, park superintendents are making decisions to modify operations for facilities and programs based on federal and state public health guidance.” Parks have revised operations to better protect visitors and people living in adjacent communities.
Three months of being careful and not engaging in problematic behavior is worth saving a life.” Jessica Zhang, the student who posted the party scene to Snapchat, said she had apologized and met with Cornell officials.
Like current primaries, they use simple paper ballots that can be cast and counted without apps or making people move around a gymnasium all evening.
She has also found it harder to engage with her elementary school students.
The country’s Chang’e-5 spacecraft gathered as much as 4.4 pounds of lunar samples from a volcanic plain known as Mons Rümker in a three-week operation that underlined China’s growing prowess and ambition in space.
And indeed this book is just as much about people and our relationships with one another as it is about beekeeping.
Seeing it live is pretty impressive.” With his team trailing by a point toward the end of the scrimmage, Curry elevated for a floater over three defenders — but missed at the buzzer.
Throughout the culture — in movies and after-school specials, in school assemblies and, increasingly, in the national media — the message was clear: No child was safe.
The consortium has received funding from the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovation, a Norway-based organization financed by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and a group of governments, and is in talks with the Serum Institute of India, one of the largest vaccine manufacturers in the world.
Doing so will require leadership, and money.
I thought Christopher was smart to bake.
So we felt the changes immediately.
Lucy Jarvis, a groundbreaking producer in television and theater who was especially known for gaining access to hard-to-crack locations, including the Soviet Union and China at the height of the Cold War, died on Jan. 26 in Manhattan.
We can’t be sure what history will make of Mr. Trump, whose term featured scandal, impeachment and calamity, as well as a pandemic.
And, of course, you have the satisfaction of actually making something that may last.” Mr. Kushner commended both her nuts-and-bolts knowledge and her passion.
And that’s what the C.D.C.
There’s another piece of this.
“It is not our burden to bear nor is it our staffs burden to bear.” After a backlash, both owners switched course and agreed on Monday to close.
“Jason will be missed but we will carry him in our hearts and in our memories,” Chief Acevedo said on Twitter.
Jamie Court, president of the California-based Consumer Watchdog, said his group lobbied Ms. Harris in 2011 to support legislation that would force companies to stop monitoring the online activity of users if they clearly stated that they did not want to be tracked.
Mammoth Biosciences and the pharmaceutical company GSK are working on a coronavirus test that yields results in 20 minutes.
I cannot find an apt quote from Shakespeare to describe this.
She loved going to school and had solid grades, so Stephanie imagined she’d land at one of her dream schools.
It was unclear when and whether Mr. Biden’s team would have access to classified information that would allow them to learn about the threats facing the United States.
On Martin Luther King’s Birthday in January 2017, Donald J. Trump, then the president-elect, welcomed a group of civil rights leaders, led by Dr. King’s eldest son, into his office in Trump Tower.
Humanitarian organizations are warning of large civilian casualties and waves of refugees in a conflict that threatens to destabilize not just Ethiopia, but the entire Horn of Africa region.
But sometimes forcing incumbents to share power is a necessary path to a more stable equilibrium, to an increase in public buy-in and transpartisan trust.
You go out there — as many City Ballet dancers refer to the stage — and get it done.
“Did the grass roots want to get involved?
Climate change, Melati said, should prompt officials to take similar, urgent action.
In a letter to members of the commission the Defense Department provided limited explanation for why YRC deserved so much government assistance.
The steep topography of the area has hampered the efforts of about 1,000 firefighters struggling to contain the Bobcat Fire, said Capt.
As pandemic activities on social media go, this one might just be the prettiest.
Now the executive vice president and chief marketing officer of the Los Angeles Dodgers, Rosen helped assemble the unforgettable news conference on Nov. 7, 1991, where Johnson, now one of the Dodgers’ primary owners, suddenly retired from the Lakers “because of the H.I.V.
“I was asking a question sarcastically to reporters like you just to see what would happen,” Mr. Trump told journalists in the Oval Office as he signed the latest virus relief bill into law.
The rent freeze approved on Wednesday is the third under Mayor Bill de Blasio, a Democrat who appoints all of the board’s members.
And it remains in remarkable condition, the downcast eyes of Christ on the cross still captured in dramatic detail.
So much of who we are is what we get called by in the world, so defining what we would like to be called is this moment of potential agency.
They were preoccupied with making the team for the Tokyo Olympics and were anxious that the pandemic would affect the Games.
In the same week that Alphabet drew back a curtain on YouTube’s money machine, we also now have a better sense of how big Facebook’s Instagram subsidiary is — and it’s even larger.
Talks took place in open panel discussions, hallways and private meeting rooms.
This blaufränkisch feels alive in the glass and tastes of violets and plums.
Along with control over travel restrictions and business closures, the emergency declarations provide a direct line to federal funding for disaster relief.
The staff at a hospital in southwestern Germany was puzzled when five infants sharing the same room all developed breathing trouble at the same time in December.
What Mr. Trump has always been mindful of, dating to his time as a real estate developer, is the danger of being labeled a failure.
“‘All right, so what are the chances we can get some sort of an exception?’” she recalled asking.
“Manhattan was like our playground,” he said.
business topped seven figures in earnings for the first time in 2017.
Obviously, Afghanistan today is more volatile than Western Europe or East Asia.
The president’s spiral into lawlessness is too repellent — and frightening — to allow levity.
But one graphic episode, read into the court record by a prosecutor in the Sept. 11 case in late 2018, showed the procedure as integrated into an interrogation of Mr. Mohammed in Afghanistan in March 2003, before his transfer to Poland.
SEVEN WORLDS, ONE PLANET 9 p.m. on BBC America.
He said Belarusian border officers then arrested her.
“By the times that A.I.
We did talk about it.
She also raised an allegation that he had once pressured an employee to have an abortion, a charge Mr. Bloomberg vehemently denied.
With H-2A workers, Martin added, “we’re getting the N.F.L.
Do you rewatch your movies?
Nonetheless, he said the organization did not prohibit its state affiliates from applying on their own, partly because they primarily serve as watchdogs against local and state governments.
It has different names: misinformation, disinformation or distortions.
But it became easier to think it wasn’t happening.
: CONVERSATIONS ON ZOOM Stream on Publictheater.org.
Prosecutors in Brooklyn and Manhattan say they are investigating several allegations of police using unnecessary force, including an instance — captured on video — when two police S.U.V.s drove into a crowd of protesters blocking a street in Brooklyn and a separate incident in which a Wall Street Journal reporter says an officer assaulted him in Manhattan.
“We need to run the economy strongly by controlling the infection risks with less restrictive measures,” Mr. Abe said on Thursday evening in announcing the easing of domestic travel.
Just as we obey the most basic laws in order to protect all of us, everyone needs to accept responsibility for not only their circle of friends, family and colleagues, but for the wider community.
Mr. Menendez was acquitted of some of the corruption charges; the rest were dismissed by the Trump administration’s own Justice Department in 2018.
I felt pathetic and alone, isolated from the very thing I was helping people find.
Authoritarian or not, they also want the public’s approval.
I’m a Type 2 diabetic.
The United States “leads the way,” Ms. Rubinfeld said, with other buyers coming from Britain, France, Australia, South Africa, Panama and Mexico, along with immigrants from Ukraine, Brazil and Argentina.
What we’re reading: This Grub Street ode to the lox sherpa of New York City.
It gave me some perspective.” So she picked up the phone, old-school style, called her sister and said: “This world is crazy.
“Slack threatens Microsoft’s hold on business email, the cornerstone of Office, which means Slack threatens Microsoft’s lock on enterprise software,” Jonathan Prince, vice president of communications and policy at Slack, said in a statement.
“That’s not about public transportation, that’s about the very wealthy exiting from the sky from the traffic problems on the ground,” Mr. Lindsay said.
“If you become ill with Covid-19, you’re being evicted from your apartment, you have lost wages,” he said.
“All eyes are on New York,” said Randi Weingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers.
Everyone was sitting around the kitchen table, eating pasta, when one woman happened to mention a creepy encounter she’d had with a guy on the tube on her way over.
As our reporter Katie Glueck wrote in one article, “The presidential race is now not simply a fight over character, competence or even vicious personal attacks, but is also about one of the fundamental pillars of American democracy: free and fair elections, and faith in the outcome.” If, by Dec. 14, enough states have not certified their election results to give one candidate 270 Electoral College votes, the election could be thrown to the House of Representatives — where each state’s delegation would count for one vote, giving Republicans the advantage.
Clare Conley, a Qualcomm spokeswoman, also declined to comment.
Zoom is the new awards ballroom.
Por eso, un eje insoslayable de una verdadera reforma judicial debe pasar por la corrección de los vicios del Consejo de la Magistratura, el órgano encargado de seleccionar jueces dignos y honestos y removerlos si incurren en mala conducta.
With the spike of cases in the region, she said, “It’s almost like we’re in China.” What had seemed like a contained few cases spread throughout the country’s wealthy north.
Mr. Biden also said that he wanted to see a mask mandate in the United States, reiterating his request for state and local officials to require citizens to wear face coverings as cases surge during the cold winter months.
Earlier in the week, the Trump administration added another 11 Chinese companies to a government list barring them from buying American technology and other products, citing human rights abuses against predominantly Muslim ethnic minorities in the Xinjiang region in China’s far west.
After she was profiled in The Times, she received letters from supportive readers who shared their stories of immigration and pursuing careers in the United States.
Or you can use this chart from Johns Hopkins University The website Covid Act Now allows you to see positive test rates by county.
Anne Whitney’s death in 1970 precipitated his end: He died five years later in a psychiatric hospital in the Bronx.
“You compartmentalize,” Ms. Acito, 57, said.
Though face-to-face counseling and in-person group meetings have been suspended, there are many virtual options newly available.
The weaknesses of the conservative coalition are reversed for liberals.
My following came from me, not like some old viral stuff.
OK. From the beginning, and she picked me up.
She had been sick in bed and was dealing with calls from debt collectors when she decided to share a tip in case others were dealing with similar situations.
Well, the court is not about timing.
Other countries are also eager to restart their tourism industry, with officials in Greece suggesting an “air bridge” with other nations that have few cases of the coronavirus.
Reviews were mostly negative and audiences gave the movie a C-plus grade in CinemaScore exit polls.
It’s about foraging, but also about inherited trauma and her family’s cooking lineage.
In 2018, The New York Times reported that Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s son-in-law and adviser, likely didn’t pay federal income taxes for several years because of paper losses generated by depreciating his companies’ properties, despite his significant wealth and earnings from other sources, according to confidential financial documents.
It names in order to bring to light what those in power believe should remain invisible, unnamed and faceless.
He has directed his anger at other states, and governors, as he did Monday with Gov.
Parents should also ask what the facility will do if there is a confirmed or suspected case among students, staff or families.
An Army Black Hawk helicopter descended to rooftop level in the Chinatown district of Washington on Monday night, kicking up dirt, debris and snapping trees that narrowly missed several people.
More U.S. governors have invoked their “police powers” to order businesses closed to combat the pandemic, and some Americans are turning to the courts, either suspicious of such sweeping measures or in the hope of protecting their livelihoods.
Over 95 percent of the students enrolled in private lessons have resumed their classes since the school reopened online last Friday.
Thank you for showing the world, That there is more to life than fame and fortune.
“For me, they’re two racist societies that manage racism in their own way.” Most of France’s new thinkers on race are the children of immigrants from the former colonial empire.
That law authorizes the government to collect — without a warrant — from American companies, like Google and AT&T, the emails and phone calls of noncitizens abroad for foreign intelligence purposes — even when they are communicating with Americans.
When he said that he could shoot someone on Fifth Avenue and get away with it, he was not kidding.
Ms. Koop of Abbotsford, British Columbia, and Mr. Hamilton of Bellingham, Wash., each live within an hour from the border.
We have some setters; we have some spaniels; there’s some retrievers; there’s a viszla.
Currently only the original developers or makers of drugs are permitted to adjust a drug’s label.
Medical Center in Washington State is considering instituting a policy similar to that of NewYork-Presbyterian to test all pregnant women for Covid-19 upon arrival to labor and delivery.
“After three elections, all I want is a decision, even if it’s not a decision I hope to see,” she said.
“If we don’t upskill our community now, we may lose a generation of opportunity,” said Abel Vargas, the executive director of the regional work force board.
President Bolsonaro starts calling this virus something that the media was obsessed with in order to bring down his popularity numbers.
The eight owners of a left-wing newsletter, Discourse Blog, have decided to leave it for a rival platform, Lede, after finding it hard to attract readers through internet search.
Their neighborhood of Austin, a community of aging brick houses, greystones and apartment buildings that occupies a large swath of Chicago’s West Side, had become notorious for its violence.
I’m not much for personal-growth initiatives — I was raised in Brooklyn — but Corey Ford recently turned me on to Brené Brown’s “Daring Greatly,” and it’s a strong argument for the courage of vulnerability.
“Even more than the bulls were hoping for.” Apple also was lifted by some of its newer products.
Looking back “makes your heart hurt,” he said.
But experts say that the case’s strategy is interesting given that the government has the power to legislate on climate change and control, in part, that risk.
Launched in May 1999, the program was one of the first great innovations of a then young internet, one of the first and most popular efforts to crowdsource difficult computations.
Adm. Charles Ray, the vice commandant of the Coast Guard, tested positive for the virus after attending the event.
He said the U.S. would declare antifa — a loosely affiliated group of far-left anti-Fascism activists — a terrorist group.
The Biden campaign says that he does the structural stuff, but also that he has a different coalition that might not be thrilling the young folks but can lead to success in places like Wisconsin.
Ray Hyland, a professional adventurer who puts on “overland rally” automotive events in the United States, and his family bought a 1954 Series 1 Land Rover for $225 in 2012, got it running and shipped it to Britain.
Terrific rieslings are coming from Australia, like Frankland Estate, Grosset and Mac Forbes, though, sadly, some of the best bottles, from producers like La Violetta, don’t even come to the United States.
But the governor wanted to appoint someone who he felt could expand the party’s appeal in the suburbs of Atlanta, where Republicans have been shedding support in recent years.
Mr. Gary said the archaeologists hoped to make the excavations as publicly accessible as possible, allowing visitors to see the work on a daily basis and ask questions.
Mr. Johnson is trying to build bridges to European officials, having seen that his positive relationship with Ireland’s prime minister, Leo Varadkar, helped him strike a critical deal on Britain’s withdrawal last fall.
That means that whatever you were going to get from the state, you get still, plus $600 a week.
Events are also part of the equation.
“The issue of what happened when you were in France continues to be a story —” the reporter, Jeff Mason of Reuters, began.
But Mr. Kelley, who was highly influential, helped recruit Ms. Barrett and successfully pushed his colleagues to offer her a job.
She also questioned why the C.I.A.
It’s tough to compel substantial changes in long-term care facilities, he acknowledged.
But Ms. Tsai, who has vowed to preserve the island’s sovereignty, scored a convincing victory in the January presidential election.
“That’s a really serious one,” Dr. Bosch said.
China continues to be an issue in the 2020 presidential campaign, from the president’s trade war to his barbs over the origin of the coronavirus pandemic.
It can also be sold and resold.
Put out lots of feelers,” urged Katherine Glenn-Applegate, Ph.D., an associate professor of education at Ohio Wesleyan University who has researched how families choose child care.
“I was there at many points in the hospital with him, and it was very difficult.
The Courier-Journal, based in Louisville, Ky., reported that Mr. McConnell flew there Thursday with Justice Brett M. Kavanaugh for the investiture of a new U.S. District Court judge, Justin Walker, a 38-year-old former Kavanaugh clerk whom the Senate confirmed despite questions about his experience level.
Perhaps now that your kitchen island doubles as a home office, you can’t help but scrutinize the position of the dining room table or the height of the pendant lights.
The messages included photographs of a man’s groin, discussions of sex and plans to meet on Jan. 6 at a McDonald’s, where he was arrested, the complaint said.
We may surprise ourselves with how easily we return to many activities.
• All this needs approval by national parliaments, as well as national leaders, and they could water it down.
A sense of anger and anxiety permeated the city while residents grappled with a rapidly mounting death toll and uncertainty about when the lockdown would end.
This is “The Daily.” Today: A suburb north of New York City has become one of the largest clusters of the coronavirus in the U.S. My colleague, Sarah Maslin Nir, went there.
I would have to wait for a while, but I was pleased with the outcome.
Menos de 10 días después, cuando el conteo llegó a 5883 infecciones y 233 muertes, el jefe del partido, Nicola Zingaretti, publicó un nuevo video, esta vez para informarle a Italia que él también tenía el virus.
Desinfecta el entorno tanto como sea posible.
The storm proved less powerful than initially expected, but was still one of the strongest to strike the U.S. mainland and was responsible for at least six deaths in Louisiana.
More than 30 states and many U.S. cities have put in place mask requirements, but enforcement has been an uphill battle.
Un tractor en ruinas señalaba la fosa en el rancho abandonado, al final de un camino de tierra.
Lo que es más, el gobierno de Trump ha deportado a un número desconocido de refugiados venezolanos a través de terceros países, una posible violación de las leyes y políticas estadounidenses.
“Life is one thing after another,” Dr. Harriet Lerner, a psychologist and author, said.
In this troubled world, we need some of that.” Jonah Engel Bromwich contributed reporting.
Florida’s voters skew older, putting an added emphasis on Mr. Sanders’s greatest weakness: those 45 and older.
First, what happens to students whose payments are deferred while they are still in school but whose interest is still supposed to pile up?
He’s a face-to-face politician, and there’s not a lot of that now.” How do you “bring the country together” while running a campaign that forbids nearly all togetherness?
Before this year, rotten bananas were a reminder of our waste, our excess, our inability to forsake the egg-and-cheese-on-a-roll in favor of making a healthy, economical smoothie for breakfast like we promised ourselves we’d do when we bought groceries.
In doing so, however, he expressed a desire to remain on ballots and collect delegates in an effort to leverage his influence to push the party platform to better reflect his progressive positions.
It’s my understanding that that’s how science is played.” In an email obtained by Politico and confirmed to The Times by a health official with direct knowledge of the message, Dr. Alexander accused C.D.C.
“I thought there was nothing that I haven’t been involved in when it comes to homelessness, said Jennifer Loving, chief executive of Destination: Home, “but this is incomprehensibly catastrophic.” In a report on the economic impact of the coronavirus, the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond warns that the largest burdens will fall on people who are already the most vulnerable — people in low-paying, insecure jobs.
“Hug your wife,” he said to Ms. Fuda’s father.
The shooting of Mr. Green, a father of two who lived in Southeast Washington and whose family said he worked for Megabus, drew condemnation from the American Civil Liberties Union.
In Inner Mongolia, the host is often marmots that live in rural areas.
In 2016, media polls showing Hillary Clinton on track to win the presidential election fell woefully flat.
“Es como una patada, como un golpe en el estómago a la estrategia de seguridad del gobierno”, dijo Grillo.
Figen Murray, the mother of Martyn Hett, a young public relations manager from Stockport who died in the attack, said that though the verdict brought her “comfort to know the British justice system has played its role,” it did not give her closure, the BBC reported on Tuesday.
There are no statewide restrictions in North Dakota.
But early evidence also shows that the antibody treatments do not work well once people are sick enough to be hospitalized.
(Note for posterity: The director and co-writer Mike Judge meant this as unthinkable satire.)
She was precocious, serious and daintily built, with blond curls like Shirley Temple, and was “the darling of the household,” used to “getting her way.” Her mother was dead, she’d been told, but her father, Millsaps Fitzhugh, a prominent Memphis lawyer with political ambitions, lavished attention on her, and her eccentric, ladylike Grandmother Fitzhugh sang her to sleep with lullabies.
In response, the government implemented a three-hour curfew last Friday during noon prayers in Sindh Province.
About 11,000 vehicles were listed — as many as 275 a week — and about 70 percent of them sold through, said Randy Nonnenberg, the site’s chief executive and founder.
She became gassy and colicky and stopped sleeping through the night.
During Michigan’s primary, more than 2,200 ballots were rejected because they hadn’t been signed by the voter.
The collapse started near the 13th and 14th floors, Capt.
I wanted my mother there.
My experience has been, as a defense attorney, when officers interact with very large men, very large black men, they immediately act out of fear.
“It looks like Riyadh might be willing to compromise a little more with Moscow because, in the cold light of day, this isn’t going to work very well for Saudi Arabia — or Russia for that matter,” Mr. Ibish said.
The first lady, Melania Trump, delivered a profanity-laced rant about Christmas decorations at the White House and mocked the plight of migrant children who were separated from their parents at the border in 2018 during a conversation secretly taped by a former aide and close confidante.
With weak demand and large price declines for some goods and services such as apparel, gasoline, air travel and hotels, consumer price inflation has dropped noticeably in recent months.
She had done a report that was based on a number of interviews with hospitals all over the country, and those pinpointed massive shortages of supplies at various medical centers, efforts and struggles to obtain test kits, gear for hospital workers, ventilators that we’ve heard so much about since.
We also know, not just from 1918, but from — Michael Osterholm at Minnesota has looked at eight influenza epidemic since, I think, it’s 1763.
People will be talking to me, and I’ll want them to come see the show, and I want to have that conversation.
The Times is providing free access to much of our coronavirus coverage, and our Coronavirus Briefing newsletter — like all of our newsletters — is free.
Permanece en la postura de cinco a diez respiraciones.
This grid seems harmonious and kind of mellow to me, without any really tenacious corners, but I fell for some misdirects and needed crosses for some difficult spellings.
— I don’t know him, I don’t think I ever met him.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
To what extent can high school grades and teacher recommendations replace test scores in determining whether to grant a student admission or scholarship opportunities?
But Mr. Sabisky, who describes himself on Twitter as a “researcher” and “super-forecaster,” was hired as an adviser in the prime minister’s office.
“They’ve got couches, big windows.
“We shield ourselves a lot from having to step into that true horror because it’s really bad.
But by 7:30 p.m., an estimated 2,500 ultra-Orthodox Jewish men had arrived to mourn Rabbi Chaim Mertz, packing together shoulder-to-shoulder on the street and on the steps of brownstones, clearly violating social distancing guidelines and turning the funeral into one of the most fraught events of the virus crisis for Mayor Bill de Blasio.
And in the U.S., when it comes to decorating for the holidays this year, more is more.
They had pushed to include a much more stringent standard for the F.B.I.
A harsh flu season could flood hospitals with pneumonia patients needing ventilators.
That night I read through dinner.
The parents of Nicholas Sandmann, a student at Covington Catholic High School in Covington, Ky., had sued the paper for $250 million, claiming that The Post had “targeted and bullied” him in its coverage of the incident.
Applauding was an unremarkable reflex: the punctuation between one song and the next, a wordless expression of approval, clearing the air for the next organized vibrations.
A tall, quiet man with a sly sense of humor who made friends easily and often, Huckaby — known widely as “Huck” — was a pivotal scene figure, equally renowned as a D.J., producer, educator and tastemaker who was widely acknowledged as one of the foremost practitioners of the jazzy, mature house variant dubbed “deep house.” Between 1992 and 2005, he worked at the Roseville, Mich., store Record Time as the buyer for the dance room — a separate space within the shop dedicated solely to house, techno and hip-hop 12-inch singles.
The risk of paralysis is estimated at one in 2.7 million vaccinations.
Whether you’re a beginner or an experienced baker, you’ll find ideas to help pass the time with delicious results.
“I found him very chivalrous,” Ms. Laughlin said.
This is maybe the only guy in the administration who faithfully supports our Constitution.
That character, Kendall, is the linchpin figure of the show.
It’s not just that they’re watching the borders, they’re also coming to help us in this crisis.” Capt.
The Athletic reported that M.L.B.
Con los objetos encontrados obtuvo, por mucho, la mayor suma de dinero que jamás haya conseguido de una sola vez: 125 dólares.
It most likely depends on if the 2019-20 N.B.A.
For some reason, there’s no real assimilation.” In fact, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted shortly after Trump’s election, the overwhelming majority of Muslim Americans feel pride in their national and religious identities, are satisfied with their lives and believe in the national myth of the American dream.
“It is the purpose of this essay,” Wilson wrote, “to show that we may find in Dickens’s work today a complexity and a depth … an intellectual and artistic interest which makes Dickens loom very large in the whole perspective of the literature of the West.” Here is a judgment that would have bewildered the grandees of the not so distant Bloomsbury generation, authorities like E. M. Forster and Virginia Woolf, both of whom found Dickens characters of no psychological interest — although Woolf did confess to a weakness for “David Copperfield.” Indeed, she reluctantly acknowledged that “we remodel our psychological geography when we read Dickens.” Meanwhile, interest in Dickens’s life was growing.
“If it does work, it would be a shame we did not do it early,” Mr. Trump said, noting again that the federal government had purchased and stockpiled 29 million doses of the drug.
“A boardwalk that would normally have thousands of people on it is totally empty.
So Lidia works for this German company called CureVac.
Young Latinos in California overwhelmingly support Sanders.
A poll released today shows that Georgia’s secretary of state and Republican candidate Brian Kemp leads the Democratic candidate, Stacey Abrams, by just one point.
Still, it became an anti-government laugh line, one that encapsulates an ideological and political shift away from the social good to the market.
For weekly email updates on residential real estate news, sign up here.
Buying a house or a land would usually require a permit,” he said.
For four hours, more than 40 of the opera’s stars gave performances from their homes around the world, transmitting arias — and, given some lucky marriages, duets — over their smartphones, tablets and laptops, with remarkably few snafus.
But that analogy goes only so far, said Jonathan Jossen, 62, who was working on Wall Street when the Twin Towers fell and is now a salesman with the brokerage Triplemint.
“No member shall vote on any questions,” the rules adopted by the first House say, “in any case where he was not present when the question was put.” No longer.
They are male minorities, 15 to 25.
We have always believed that health care must be considered as a human right, not an employee benefit, and we are right.
That figure is far fewer than the number with inconsistencies captured in the Times review.
“You don’t know when this is going to end.
But as Mr. Lunin, a penniless 60-year-old, tramped recently across an expanse of pristine snow studded with birch trees 3,500 miles east of Moscow, he rejoiced at the prospect of finally finding some satisfaction.
A lot of people are not, which is hard.
Let us know at theplaylist@nytimes.com and sign up for our Louder newsletter, a once-a-week blast of our pop music coverage.
In theory, grand jurors have broad powers to investigate cases, including the ability to subpoena witnesses, but in practice, prosecutors control the process — determining how much evidence is presented and which charges the jurors are told to consider.
“I don’t think new tenants would want a Covid-infested house?” she wrote in an email on Aug. 7.
More baseball, hockey and basketball games were called off on Thursday, along with football practices and other events as athletes urged greater focus on conversations about racism and police brutality.
Several customers have turned themselves in to the police, and one killed himself, according to local news reports.
Even so, the first two games have offered a grim reminder that these are not the Warriors who made five straight trips to the N.B.A.
The pool includes representatives of wire news services, newspapers and news sites, as well as television and radio outlets.
John must follow this path, fully and resolutely.
The changes have led to a stark reduction in the number of excessive-force complaints against the police and have helped drive down the murder rate in what was once one of America’s most dangerous cities.
After pausing for safety concerns, AstraZeneca resumed its virus vaccine trial in the U.S.
But under its revised guidelines, the C.D.C.
Elizabeth Bruenig (@ebruenig) is an Opinion writer.
Of the initially asymptomatic patients, 89 — roughly 30 percent of the total — appeared healthy throughout, while 21 developed symptoms.
In late January, Trent Penman, a bush fire risk modeler who leads the group that developed FROST, used the program to identify areas that might act as refuges for a species of tree known as the alpine ash, which is particularly vulnerable to the increasing frequency of wildfires.
The captain, who the records suggest had been suspended after a boating accident, told the E.P.A.
A group of survivors of the Tokyo air raid sued the Japanese government in 2007, seeking compensation and an acknowledgment of its role in starting the war.
Criticism continues: • Start-ups are taking out small-business loans “not for day-to-day survival but simply to buy useful time,” Erin Griffith and David McCabe of The Times report.
Mr. Bloomberg was in one of those Super Tuesday states, Utah, on Thursday, telling voters in Salt Lake City that Mr. Sanders could not appeal to a broad enough array of people to win the White House.
That is the privilege of having deep pockets, of course: They tend to contain the deepest squads.
There were some bright spots, she said, but also some reasons for worry.
And those are the ones that are double blind with the placebo, like we talked about before?
Here’s a look at the last major pre-election polls released in five swing states, with an eye toward what they say about the way the broader winds are blowing.
That can be broken into three parts.
There’s a way of talking about human beings going through their lives and making choices.
Why is written language “an imperfect method for the messy, complex business of communication” according to the author, Ezra Marcus?
Rates for other types of loans fell, too, although not to record lows.
Reporters use Twitter to poke and prod sources.
He always awakens, heart pounding, and finds himself flooded with relief.
The Russian technique is a kind of information laundering, akin to money laundering.
Federal investigators said that a soldier in her unit, Specialist Aaron D. Robinson, struck her in the head with a hammer and that he and his girlfriend dismembered and burned her body.
It even briefly offered up cartoon mascots named Jiangshan Jiao and Hongqi Man, characters meant to stir patriotic feelings among the young during the crisis.
“Her supporters have been the ones to have her back and make that rallying cry,” said Ms. McGhee, who is close to Ms. Warren’s team.
The World Health Organization warned of “a new and dangerous phase” of the pandemic as cases grow in 81 countries.
Although I never called him names or outright accused him of being at fault, I would yell in anger when hurt.
It’s funny to speak the truth about yourself in the guise of an accusation aimed at rivals.
Senator Josh Hawley, Republican of Missouri, said he planned to introduce a resolution on Monday that would amend the Senate impeachment rules to allow the chamber to dismiss the House’s charges if Democrats did not promptly bring them to trial.
And yet the fact that such a statement is noteworthy at all tells you how far from responsible governance Republicans have strayed.
Makeup artists have also used these water mists after applying heavy makeup for photo shoots or stage performances as a way “to make powder disappear and give back the texture of the skin,” said Matin Maulawizada, a celebrity makeup artist.
Even the expanded provisions supplied by the CARES Act — the $600-a-week supplements to states’ stingy unemployment insurance — weren’t doing enough to shield many renting families from homelessness.
These organizers and workers are channeling the confrontational black politics of a previous period.
Los datos de instituciones privadas indican una desaceleración en el crecimiento del empleo desde finales de julio.
Both the filling and masa can be made several days in advance, which makes day-of preparation as easy as stuffing empanadas, and frying them.
She said that no one she knew argued that there should not have been a lockdown of some sort.
So, it was something that I admired, but never fully connected to.
Japan has bucked the conventional wisdom around the virus: It has reported fewer deaths than other major nations and ended a state of emergency while conducting relatively few tests.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
“We’re not going to be able to pay the mortgage on our house,” Ms. Benefiel said.
Play: Practice intention and focus with a meditative drawing project from the artist Edie Fake.
We want our team members to feel safe coming to work.
Three days after Mr. Calhoun’s interview, Mr. Trump signed the bailout bill.
Pase lo que pase, la Amazonía arderá de nuevo.
“La mayoría del tiempo apenas y tengo dinero para invertir”, dijo Farley.
But in the day-to-day practice of honing his campaign platform and sharpening his economic policy views, Mr. Biden has leaned on a small team of center-left advisers who are largely veterans of past Democratic campaigns, presidential administrations or both.
Joe Biden entered the presidential race with, essentially, a message of returning to normalcy, where, “You all remember what the Obama years were like, and we can do, you know, more of that.” That also seems like a pretty defunct message under current conditions.
Until recently, he has tended to play down the threat as much as Mr. Trump has; on Thursday, his expression somber and his voice grave, Mr. Johnson said the coronavirus was “the worst public health crisis for a generation.” In Germany earlier this week, Chancellor Angela Merkel was also blunt.
When you do leave your home, wipe down any surfaces you come into contact with, disinfect your hands with an alcohol-based sanitizer and avoid touching your face.
After talking to Mr. Williams, she’s inspired.
I interviewed this really dynamic 15-year-old girl.
The Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission have spent more than a year investigating Google, Facebook, Amazon and Apple for possible violations of competition law.
“It’s OK to be mad at me.
The California Collegiate Athletic Association, which like Morehouse competes at the Division II level, announced last month that it would suspend fall sports after the California State University chancellor announced that with few exceptions, classes in the fall would be conducted online.
The start of talks seems contingent on the Afghan government releasing up to 5,000 Taliban prisoners, and the Taliban responding by freeing up to 1,000 government prisoners.
They didn’t ask me for a full list of people I had told until months and months in.
Through these research rabbit holes.
But his book is less about a generation’s decline than about the tangle of emotions and rivalries that play out between friends.
If you’re scratching and clawing to get into this roster, or get into the lineup, it’s a grind.” Wagner and current players described the atmosphere of constant competition as a battle not of player against player, but of player against “their best self.” But yes, Wagner said, there were also hard fouls and kicks in training, and sideways glances in the locker room.
(“This is so touching,” one Twitter user commented.)
“Who in the world in their right mind would think that our shootings should be right along the U.S. census lines?” Major Yates said in his statement that news articles had misrepresented his “hypothetical discussion of statistics based on the research of others.” In the telephone interview, Major Yates said he had been speaking in demographic terms.
“We have woken up to a more dangerous world,” Ms. de Montchalin told French radio, calling for “stability and de-escalation.” Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel cut short an official visit to Greece to return to Israel on Friday after the killing of Maj. Gen. Qassim Suleimani.
Nov. 9 Herat Province: one civilian killed Unknown gunmen on a motorbike shot and killed a tribal elder in Herat’s 15th Police District.
What children’s show was the single most-watched show on Netflix this year, according to analyses by Forbes and Reelgood?
The public will be allowed in on Friday; entry to an opening event Thursday night has been restricted because of coronavirus fears.
Then the sheep stood up, shook itself off, and walked away.” The memory of this marvel gave him obvious pleasure.
Mr. Pitman, 31, is the chief of staff at the Massachusetts Registry of Motor Vehicles in Quincy, Mass.
Double it, and keep it in the fridge for up to a week to spoon over greens, beans, eggs and pasta.
In Washington, the president was not worried, predicting that by April, “when it gets a little warmer, it miraculously goes away.” His White House had yet to ask Congress for additional funding to prepare for the potential cost of wide-scale infection across the country, and health care providers were growing increasingly nervous about the availability of masks, ventilators and other equipment.
The meeting was supposed to reflect Saudi Arabia’s deft management of an oversupply of oil on world markets.
In the 24 years since they appeared together in “How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying,” Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick got engaged, married and had three children, but did not act together.Matthew Broderick and Sarah Jessica Parker Spend the Night Together 19.
For further diversion today, I recommend entering your birth year in Merriam-Webster’s Time Travel tool to see which words were first used in print the year you were born (“guilt-trip” and “string cheese” for me).
The next few decades brought expansion and, in 1997, an initial public offering of stock.
The small park behind Tahrir Square has been divided by tents, one of which has become a steadily expanding portrait gallery with photographs of those who have been killed by the security forces.
The wall paintings aren’t primitive.
• Learn more about how to use our free daily writing prompts for remote learning.
So tell me how warp speedy is all this?
“Creo que los funcionarios allí tenían miedo: todos los que hablaron conmigo fueron muy amables y se disculparon y también querían un poco de pizza, pero sus superiores dijeron que no era una buena idea”, dijo.
Como drones e veículos autônomos poderiam beneficiar o transporte na Amazônia?
Fortunately, the guy taking over Mr. McGovern’s room can wait to move as well.
Meaning the former dead-end plaza was integrated with the flow of the city.
Former Vice President Joe Biden traveled on Thursday to Kenosha, Wis., where he met privately with relatives of Jacob Blake, the Black man who was shot by a white police officer.
It also commissioned dozens of new video works from artists during the lockdown that are available to view on the foundation’s website.
In testimony on Capitol Hill this week, the top Trump administration labor official signaled that he did not believe the enhanced unemployment benefits would be necessary beyond their expiration date.
No wonder bars are a problem.
How are the creators attempting to provide social and emotional support and guidance for children through the show?
“Obviously, their goal songs and goal horns.
A similar reaction followed the couple’s comments on Tuesday.
A staircase in the kitchen leads to the lower floor, where there is a large, walkout family room with built-in storage, a carpeted bedroom, a bathroom with a combined tub and shower and a laundry room.
by refusing to sign off on new appointees to a crucial appeals panel.
Other students face another semester of staying home.
But it has also urged the people to stick to preventive measures, and acknowledged that its goal is to keep the daily caseload below 50 until a vaccine is available.
When the matter was first before the court in January, Mr. Kelly recused himself, citing his upcoming election.
Durante la visita, su abuelo le dijo que, varios años antes, los murciélagos habían infectado a los turistas con el virus Marburg, un pariente del virus del Ébola.
On Wednesday night, Mr. Fontana posted a video on Facebook in which he explained that one of his aides had tested positive for the virus and pulled a green mask over his face.
In an appearance with Australia’s “60 Minutes” at his home outside New York last month, Mr. Schiff said that “there have been some allegations” but that “all of the allegations are unfounded, and there’s no basis, in fact, for any of them.” Through a spokesman, Mr. Schiff later said that the interview was “clearly designed to take the information I provided and use it out of context.” Silver-haired and loquacious, Mr. Schiff, 57, runs several investment funds and has been a commentator on cable news shows for more than a decade, along with hosting a podcast.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
“Amy and I said, ‘Well, let’s go.’ We talked with Satya.
“I look out the window and I feel tense.” At the same time, she said, she gets to watch history unfold: “People are talking and maybe the world will listen.”
Brett Leitner, a New York lawyer who over the years has brought hundreds of cases against nursing homes for abuse and neglect, said he had received more than 100 calls from families who have lost loved ones to Covid-19 in nursing homes.
“If the feds come to Oakland, it’s going to make Portland look like Disneyland,” Ms. Brooks said.
“I just got to sprint everywhere now.” The Department of Environmental Protection said it was working with the Fire Department to determine whether any buildings were damaged, and how badly.
Sinopharm said it had applied for Chinese regulatory approval for the vaccine, but the company provided no breakdown of results.
The first of her songs to top the Billboard Hot 100, it deployed country references as a tease on the way to an ecstatically saccharine, unmistakably pop hook — a universal anthem of I’m over it.
Former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. — a towering figure in Delaware politics, and now the Democratic presidential nominee — wrote the foreword to Ms. McBride’s 2018 book about her fight for transgender equality.
Some doctors and nurses have refused to treat coronavirus patients.
Mr. al-Muhandis set about organizing mostly Shiite militias against ISIS, and the groups stepped in where Iraq’s military had collapsed and slowly wrested back territory.
Every single day I’m panicking.”
The investment advisory firm’s chief executive, Kimberly Griego-Kiel, has new clients fill out a financial values worksheet and a social policy questionnaire, both of which anyone can download from the firm’s website.
How did the back problems and the loss of your best friend change who you are?
I’m not thinking about some happy-go-lucky thing.
When the bright blue tarps from the Federal Emergency Management Agency covered punctured roofs across the island, Mr. Lind-Ramos worked them in as well.
QAnon is a product of the modern algorithmically powered internet (a fact that reporters flocking to cover the movement need to be mindful of).
and Major League Soccer were born, expensive stadiums with state-of-the-art amenities were built and the sheer number of games grew.
Using a mixture of research and invention, DiMeo weaves a web of imagined memories that feel about as close to time travel as audio can get.
“And I’m not so sure, to be honest with you, that they are necessarily part of our movement.
This contingency burial plan involving Hart Island is part of an influenza pandemic surge plan created a decade ago by officials with the city’s medical examiner, said Councilman Mark D. Levine, who chairs the City Council’s Health Committee.
Algunos de los productos más prometedores de la primera ola, como las vacunas de ARN de Moderna y Pfizer, se basan en diseños que nunca antes se habían implementado en la producción a gran escala.
Durante mucho tiempo, Japón ha experimentado con los inodoros, lo que ha originado innovaciones como tapas que se abren y cierran de manera automática y asientos que se calientan.
Klopp is always quick to credit Mona Nemmer, the team’s nutritionist, as one of his most vital colleagues.
They are no longer required to attend online class.
| Sign up for the Science Times newsletter.]
The Wall Street Journal accused Chief Justice Roberts of “faux judicial modesty,” in an echo, which the chief justice surely didn’t miss, of the “faux judicial restraint” critique that Justice Antonin Scalia hurled at him early in his Supreme Court tenure.
The bathroom has been updated within the last two years with a glass walk-in shower, marble floor tile and a marble-topped vanity.
Over the next few years, as Mr. Kirk began making regular appearances on Fox News, Turning Point’s profile grew, attracting tens of millions of dollars from the Republican establishment.
Leave a message and we’ll get back to you as soon as we can.” Seven of Seattle’s nine council members support cutting and reprogramming 50 percent of the police department’s budget, but have yet to lay out a specific plan, while the city’s Democratic mayor and police chief oppose the goal.
Anything you want to see more of?
Then he tries to distance himself from us.
What’s your favorite book no one else has heard of?
A separate strike last week killed Iran’s top military commander, the deputy chief of a coalition of Iraqi militias and eight other people, leading to a vote by Iraq’s Parliament to expel American forces from the country and a counterstrike by Iran on two American military posts in Iraq early Wednesday.
There has been a significant increase in non-criminal arrests.
Dr. Preeti Malani is chief health officer and a professor in the division of infectious diseases at the University of Michigan.
His priestly status proved an asset for the mayors who recruited him to civic service.
Now, his scars are fading, but he struggles to sleep at night, awakened by vivid nightmares of his childhood.
Sign up here to get it delivered to your inbox.
LAS VEGAS — As six leading presidential candidates brawled onstage in a debate Wednesday night on the Las Vegas Strip, a handful of Nevadans supporting a man who didn’t make the cut were around seven miles away, puzzling over their evening plans.
Several countries group children in pods or cohorts with social interaction largely restricted to those groups, especially at recess and lunchtime.
Some Owners Are Wary Want more news?
She’s due in two weeks, and a friend of hers still wants to throw her something.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
“Even failing that, so much of this could have been avoided.” For example, the federal government could have protected citizens from risky work situations by providing income subsidies allowing them to stay home, Dr. Zelner said.
He was named Peru’s permanent representative to the United Nations in 1971, led its delegation in the General Assembly until 1975, sat on the Security Council in 1973-74 and was the council’s president in 1974.
Dr. Hahn said at a Senate hearing that the C.D.C.
Serve with the bread cubes, stirring them in like croutons.
The universe was united in song and the future was secure.
Yet the value of a good place to live for a family cannot be quantified.
Testing can lower your risk, and it can be useful for college students coming home or for people caring for an older relative, she said, but a negative test isn’t 100 percent reliable and is not a replacement for other precautions, like mask-wearing and social distancing.
“Let me be very clear: A Thanksgiving gathering this year may very well lead to a funeral,” said Gov.
La aplicación sacó 23 fotos de él.
What we’re reading: This Columbia Journalism Review report about a reckoning at Magnum Photos, the world’s most prestigious photo agency, comes highly recommended from Amelia Nierenberg of the Briefings team.
“We’re not hearing about big parties,” Dr. Tilley said.
In East New York, Brooklyn, Balayet Hossain’s day began with disappointment after he brought his two daughters to school, only to find that the children, a kindergartner and first grader, could not return to their classrooms until next week.
Sept. 7 Faryab Province: one soldier killed The Taliban attacked security outposts in the center of Kohistan District, killing one soldier and one civilian over three hours of fighting.
Jackson may be the ultimate winner among N.B.A.
Sinai hospital system, will have 68 beds and is expected to be operational by Tuesday, Mayor Bill de Blasio said on Sunday.
None of the children in the study, published Monday in the journal JAMA Pediatrics, were stricken by the new mysterious inflammatory syndrome linked to the coronavirus that can cause life-threatening cardiac issues in children.
So go ahead and cry, binge Netflix, do a jigsaw puzzle, reread the entire “Animorphs” series — whatever gets you through the day.
“Yes,” the woman responds, keeping step beside her, “but pretend that you do, there’s a man hiding behind your car.” In this small moment you find several of this book’s larger themes: a sense of impending violence; the base, shadowy havoc that is masculinity; the complications and saving graces of female companionship; cleverness in storytelling.
Federal health agencies, including the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Health and Human Services, have also published guidance that includes approaches for allocation of scarce resources during a pandemic.
Is Facebook’s important election security work meaningfully undermined by the president and his Republican colleagues’ Facebook posts, which are allowed to stay up on the platform?
Ms. Clark, who was born and raised in Wales, joined the organization after serving as the president and executive director of New York’s Orchestra of St. Luke’s.
Andrew M. Cuomo said on Thursday.
I learned about grandchildren, deaths, many divorces, successful careers and major surgeries.
It is hardly the first time Mr. Trump has undermined the desires of his aides.
It’s the many surfaces that get touched.
“We’re making decisions before we have complete information and we have to use our best data and judgment and make bold decisions.” In California, Mr. Newsom awakens early with his children on most days and starts emailing his staff by 6 a.m.
They agree that America is enough — as long as you meet opportunity with hard work, you can secure ownership in this country.
After his arrest in 1985, Mr. Pollard eventually pleaded guilty in a deal with prosecutors who agreed to seek a yearslong sentence.
Mitch is pure purpose and focus; the others are left to feel the feelings, worry the worries, lose the things that get lost.
In 2016 Dallas citizens protested police brutality.
She and the 40 or so other passengers had their temperature taken twice while en route and were required to fill out forms about their travels and health, she said.
Still, he left open the possibility that he could come to a deal as part of a larger negotiation over a new round of economic stimulus.
Here is Miley Cyrus, hosting a talk show from her living room, there is Madonna, waxing poetic about the “great equalizer” that is Covid-19 from her rose-petal-filled bathtub.
People should do everything possible to keep up with cancer screenings.” However, Dr. Sleckman added, “If a woman is young and has no family history of breast cancer, she can probably wait six months for her next screening mammogram.” He also suggested discussing the matter with one’s personal physician, who probably also knows the safest facilities for screening.
Incluso Italia, que decretó uno de los confinamientos más abrumadores en Europa esta primavera, ve un nuevo incremento preocupante y considera imponer un toque de queda a las 10 p. m. en todo el país.
The Paris-based watch brand Nepto uses only recycled cardboard and paper for its boxes, according to its founder, Vincent Ifrah, 33, who holds a degree in materials engineering.
Two days later, posting from the Albert B. Chandler Hospital, she wrote, “I tested positive.”
Set up a database for tracking Covid-19 treatments, even if the controversial and potentially dangerous hydroxychloroquine information pushed by Mr. Trump is to be loaded up on it?
Sign up here to get it delivered to your inbox.
Trump is asking for a further two-month delay in complying with a lawful subpoena for his testimony to the middle of November in response to a subpoena that was served in May and where the parties agreed in early June on a date for his attendance,” he added.
On Monday, staffers with the Senate Armed Services Committee said they had received paperwork — with no additional explanation — that the president was pulling Ms. McCusker’s nomination.
China, Russia and Iran are exploiting the killing of Mr. Floyd for their own benefit, but we cannot fight their hypocrisy with our own hypocrisy or simplistic social media campaigns.
Since February, state and local governments collectively have laid off close to 1.5 million workers.
In rehearsals Ball suffered from exhaustion, checked into a hospital, had trouble remembering the script.
He was not well known among the rank and file.
“We could not turn everything on and go everywhere in the station initially.” They set up systems such as scrubbers to keep carbon dioxide levels from building up, stowed cargo, attached components brought up by space shuttles, fixed things that broke and even ran a few experiments.
But, he said, “Whether that has made any difference to how this epidemic subsequently evolves in this country, it’s too early to tell.” Dr. Chris Smith, who specializes in virology at the University of Cambridge and is a host of “The Naked Scientists” podcast, agreed that averting large-scale shutdowns until the spread of the disease intensified was warranted.
The recess appointment was not controversial and Justice Brennan was confirmed with almost no opposition.
“All the observational studies will find huge effects,” he said.
That was tear gas.” — SETH MEYERS “President Trump tweeted yesterday, ‘Just had a very nice meeting with Attorney General Bill Barr at the White House.
Asked if he was still shaking hands given the coronavirus warnings, Mr. Sanders said he was trying to.
Laced with a potent critique of American imperialism, “The Host” begins with an American military officer dumping gallons of formaldehyde in the Han River, which results in a genetically mutated sea creature that rises from the water six years later.
11 on this week’s hardcover nonfiction list.
The effect was almost immediate.
Collin took on the challenge.
And so far there are no plans to change its approach to messaging, campaign officials said.
At his first rally, in Allentown, the president ripped into Mr. Biden’s running mate, Senator Kamala Harris of California, in demeaning and personal terms, saying, “She will not be the first woman president — you can’t let that happen.” Mr. Trump also mocked the way she laughed during her “60 Minutes” interview on Sunday.
Advocacy groups have called on Mr. Biden to name members of the L.B.G.T.Q.
In the spring of last year, over 80 percent of faculty and staff members voted to unionize, with no objection from the school.
They were not all admiring the beeswax.
You know hospital systems could have done a lot better about getting PPE and so so.
But on Tuesday, Patrick, 69, went further, saying that older people like himself might be willing to die to get the economy rolling again.
He completed just two of four passes in the third quarter — he’s 16 of 31 in the game for 259 passing yards (237 in the first half) and one touchdown.
Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in Flushing Meadows, Queens.
That’s it for this briefing.
Helping elicit Luis’s memories is Mina (Ana Golja), a pre-med student working at the nursing home, where her Aunt Bano (Shohreh Aghdashloo) is an administrator.
It is in a congressional district that voted for Mitt Romney for president by around 10 percentage points in 2012, for Hillary Clinton by one point in 2016, and for Representative Sharice Davids, a Democrat, by about 10 percentage points in 2018.
Two of the children, a 17-year-old and 12-year-old, are on their stomachs and handcuffed, and a 14-year-old girl is lying next to a 6-year-old, The Associated Press reported.
“I’m going to continue to teach,” she said in an interview on “CBS Sunday Morning” in August.
That’s exactly why we wanted to alert the incoming administration.
Quote of note: “We are losing the people who can tell us in first person what happened,” said one Italian woman.
A 2 to 4 percent brokerage commission on transactions is often split between the buyer and seller, brokers said.
If you could have any rapper in your player box to watch you play the final of the U.S. Open one day, who would it be?
Mr. Trump himself made edits to the spot and ultimately settled on it as the “most impactful” of a flight of ads he was given to choose from in the days leading up to the Super Bowl, people familiar with the process said.
It took him five weeks to finish a manuscript.
Recent flash deals promoted Hunter rain boots, Black and Decker tools, and an off-brand pleather legging available for next-day delivery.
Greene estaba entre al menos una decena de candidatos republicanos al Congreso —algunos cálculos elevan la cifra a 20— que habían expresado cierto grado de apoyo a QAnon y su creencia infundada de que el presidente Trump lucha contra un conciliábulo de demócratas satánicos que abusan de los niños y burócratas del Estado profundo que buscan la dominación mundial.
The Nets sent D’Angelo Russell to Golden State in a deal for Kevin Durant, and signed Kyrie Irving.
She is single, she reasoned, and the changing city has left her unmoored.
Separately, Senator Pat Toomey, Republican of Pennsylvania, called President Trump’s efforts to overturn the election “completely unacceptable.” Biden plans to nominate Representative Marcia Fudge of Ohio to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
I only know that he is my brother, and I love him.
En voyant défiler les manifestants ce soir là , elle a décidé qu’il était temps d’obtenir un permis et d’acheter une arme : un pistolet Sig Sauer p365-XL 9mm.
Not up.” “Anybody that needs a test, gets a test.
Since then, he said, his captain has told him at least three times that he would be allowed to leave, but it hasn’t happened.
We’ll look back at Lil Yachty’s rap career as a means to an end.
neither embraces a policy-rich populism nor lapses into constitution-threatening authoritarianism.
On Oct. 9, World Rugby became the first international sports governing body to institute a ban on transgender women competing in global competitions like the Olympics and the women’s Rugby World Cup.
The TikTok stars Bryce Hall, Josh Richards and Blake Gray partied with dozens of fellow stars at the Sway Gaming house Monday night.
The World Health Organization will convene a meeting of experts on Thursday in Geneva to vote again on whether to declare the coronavirus epidemic a global health emergency, officials said on Wednesday.
Condujo a casa y limpió sistemáticamente los asientos, las manijas de las puertas, todo, con nubes de Lysol en aerosol.
And sign up for our weekly Travel Dispatch newsletter to receive expert tips on traveling smarter and inspiration for your next vacation.
In California and Oregon, meteorologists said dry conditions could prime the fires to spread again.
I was moved by this scene of maternal sacrifice, for even though I knew the plot of “The Lion King,” I found myself hoping that this baby would survive the currents of the rushing river.
The ad buys by the New York billionaires are likely to cost at least $10 million each — a show of financial force rarely seen in presidential politics.
In the first one, for the seat vacated last year by the Republican Johnny Isakson, it’s been determined that it will go to a runoff between the Rev.
“These proteins are particularly active in the respiratory tract.” Tired of tossing and turning?
“Can I get you to wear a button?” “I’m with the press.” “Sure I know, I’m just trying.” And now we’ve arrived at Super Tuesday.
The firing of Laura Codruta Kovesi, the head of Romania’s anticorruption agency, spurred more demonstrations a year later.
En las zonas rurales, han bloqueado las aldeas con vehículos, tiendas de campaña y otras barreras improvisadas.
In March 2018, only a few months after they started dating, Mr. Kerstens’s company suddenly transferred him to Amsterdam.
They released a handful of successful singles in the early 1980s, most notably “Genius Rap” in 1981 and “A.M./P.M.” in 1984.
In fact, not one respondent reported that they would vote for Donald Trump.
But the city helped swindle immigrant drivers like me, profiting from us while their broken promises pushed us into poverty.
Sign up here to get it delivered to your inbox.
A menudo son quienes deben encargarse de las batallas, pero sus muertos rara vez llegan a los registros oficiales del número de víctimas de la guerra contra las fuerzas afganas.
Burtless shared Aaron’s doubts about the likelihood that Biden could cultivate a productive relationship with any individual Republicans that could lead to bipartisan support for parts of his agenda.
“I felt like I was a kid playing pretend.” Later, another email arrived.
The two little ones scared and whimpering.
Mayor Ben Schierer of Fergus Falls, another friend of Mr. Walz’s, said he appreciated that the governor came to town twice shortly after taking office, even though many people in that conservative part of west-central Minnesota did not vote for him.
The term here is ENCYSTS, which ran once before in a puzzle back in 1985.
Mr. Fraser, who has Greek heritage, said he had been wanting to to showcase the cuisine, along with Turkish food.
El turismo experimenta una recesión sin precedentes en todo el mundo, pero varios factores hacen a Islandia particularmente vulnerable al colapso de la industria: el aislamiento geográfico, una población nacional pequeña, medidas fronterizas estrictas y una economía que —tras un auge turístico extraordinario que ha durado una década— ha terminado por depender en gran medida de los turistas extranjeros.
“It’s not just going from paper to a digital app — it’s changing the culture,” said Chief Tasso, who called the change part of a technological expansion of the department’s policing method for crime-fighting, not for surveilling officers.
Let me talk directly to Democrats across America, especially those who will be voting on Super Tuesday.
The kid does anyway, barely — and instantly drops dead.
Venezuela also experienced a new political crisis.
It sounds like you’re saying if Sanders had accomplished with black voters what he clearly accomplished with Latino voters, this might be a different story.
Slowed down by an ailing hip, Hawerchuk retired at 34.
I think it’s hitting me even more now than when it first happened.
The third film in the action-comedy franchise, which stars Will Smith and Martin Lawrence, easily led the box office this weekend, bringing in an estimated $17.7 million in domestic ticket sales.
His father was a public school custodian, his mother an emergency room nurse at Bellevue Hospital.
At the time of those remarks in April 2000, Mr. Ray faced criticism for drawing out the Clinton investigation when many believed he should have been wrapping it up.
About Lesson of the Day • Find all our Lessons of the Day in this column.• Teachers, watch our on-demand webinar to learn how to use this feature in your classroom.
I’ve been told I have a slowly progressing type of A.L.S., which is giving me hope.
And that’s a sad commentary on the country.
The rapid antigen test, a relatively new tool to detect the virus, gives a result in around 30 minutes, but it is not as widely available, although it is cheaper.
Soloway’s loose, empathetic style and passion for slightly irritating characters are in full force.
To overtake Mr. Biden, Mr. Sanders would need to win the remaining delegates by around 20 percentage points.
The annual festival, staged as the sun sets in an open-air amphitheater surrounded by trees, is just too big and too soon to pull together at a time when no one knows when large gatherings will be permitted again.
“Without government intervention, there will be no service industry whatsoever.” In the past two years, Momofuku doubled its roster of restaurants to 16, in New York, Las Vegas and Los Angeles, as well as Toronto and Sydney, Australia.
“That is not the case with diamonds.
One incoming college freshman had to map out a last-minute road trip from California to New York, choosing a path through states with low coronavirus case counts.
And it wasn’t just us.
“My daughter, my husband, my mother, my staff and volunteers have all been in peril because of his obsession with seeing me dead.” Mr. Maldonado-Passage, whose lawyers declined to comment on the sentence, said in a Facebook post that he maintained his innocence and planned to appeal.
Yesterday, the group’s president and board acceded to those demands, with a swiftness that reflected the power of public appeals — even ultimatums — in a change-minded age.
And unlike Mr. Stine’s expletive-laden Facebook rants, RaDVaC has a 59-page scientific document to explain how it works and to guide others who might want to mix up the vaccine formulation on their own.
Companies can apply for a license to continue supplying those products, but the administration said the presumption would be to deny those requests.
I blame the internet, because I like to and because it’s true.
And Anthony Ruggiero, the head of the National Security Council’s bureau tracking weapons of mass destruction, expressed frustration during one videoconference in January that the C.I.A.
We met by chance on North Tripyramid; she texted me that she recently completed hiking the 48 and thought of Ben and me.
[SINGING] It was held at Windsor Castle in the chapel of St. George.
Andrea Kannapell wrote today’s Back Story.
Mike: He and the company were scarred by many crises, including propaganda running amok around the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Taken together, these findings suggest that while some people who die by gun suicide buy their weapons intending to kill themselves, that isn’t true for most who die this way — their deaths reflect the substantial and enduring risk posed by access to handguns.
Deftly switching between artistic styles, each a tribute to a different comic book legend, Mr. Liew, a writer and cartoonist, offers deceptively complex political analysis, unexplored takes of history and transportive snapshots of the city through the ages.
During a shootout, officials said, Mr. Naikoo was killed, along with another militant.
Employees around the world are adapting to working remotely.
“They’re cleaned every hour on the hour.” “Every hour?” a skeptical voice could be heard asking over a speakerphone.
Thanks for all the correspondence, as ever.
Voit has since taken that mantle for the Yankees — as well as for the rest of baseball.
So Ms. Joffe created eLearn.fyi, a database of more than 300 online learning tools, including a civics curriculum founded by Sandra Day O’Connor, the former Supreme Court justice, and engineering lessons on how to build a robotic arm.
beds and ventilators,” said Dr. Daskalakis, speaking at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in Manhattan about the coronavirus.
Despite the obstacles brought on by the pandemic, Dalah didn’t tone down the drama for this spring 2021 collection: There is a dusty-pink cropped bodice with enormously puffy sleeves and a dress made from thick white silk that features vintage pleats and a ruffled neckline.
This is the Coronavirus Briefing, an informed guide to the global outbreak.
Old men in Central Park paused their chess game to applaud.
This compels James to enact all manner of fraud, property destruction and worse.
is investigating whether the company manipulated figures to make it appear healthier than it was.
Sign up here to get it delivered to your inbox.
It’s natural to feel helpless in light of the events we’re seeing in the news.
At a news conference on Friday night, Dr. Hugo López-Gatell, a deputy health minister, called the attacks and discrimination against medical crews working to keep the country safe “extremely worrying, absolutely unacceptable.” “All of this is inexplicable to a certain extent, it is surprising,” he said.
One reason is that Israel distributes an increasing amount of its education funding through matching funds, which are only available if a municipality puts up its own share.
“If there ever was an investigation over the past two months I have no knowledge of it because NO ONE ever contacted me,” he said in an email.
I heard you sold the engine out of my truck,’” Sheriff Judd said.
As of Friday, none had tested positive.
I won’t get your hopes up any further, because the real WS isn’t a person at all.
The Lévy Gorvy show features the Mirror Painting “Autoritratto con quaderno (Self-portrait with notebook)” from 2008.
Wrong as I might have been, it was for you.
The 7-to-2 decision addresses a long-simmering debate over the so-called contraception mandate in the Affordable Care Act.
I don’t remember how many square miles.
The facility consists of two buildings, one of which was built in 1932 as a hospital for inmates.
China is a major consumer of other big cat species, especially tigers, which have long been sought after for their bones and parts, used in traditional medicine.
I’m quite new to solving, let alone constructing, crosswords, although my dad has been a lifelong fan.
Speak to Jackson about his music video; it’s done and it’s amazing.
He has also said he would roughly stick to Mr. Abe’s signature economic formula, known as Abenomics, combining easy monetary policy, government spending and structural changes of industries like agriculture.
Two miles down Pennsylvania Avenue at the White House, the story is very different.
Before long, Ms. Kelley had started an Instagram account dedicated to celebrating the label, as well as a private message group for plus-size members to trade their Ace & Jig items.
And she told me she was armed.
“Yeah, and I’m the queen of England,” she replied, and hung up.
I’ve been hesitant to take a train during the pandemic because I have concerns about safety.
The United States decision to share more information about Huawei’s back door with allies was first reported Tuesday by The Wall Street Journal.
“I remain concerned by Ms. Van Houten’s characterization of her participation in this gruesome double murder, part of a series of crimes that rank among the most infamous and fear-inducing in California history,” Mr. Newsom said.
Some of the lots will be used for the housing and some for the stadium and hotel.
Mr. Polan’s work also appeared in numerous publications, including The Times.
Mr. Agha’s orchard sits yards away from the banks of the Arghandab River and a strategically important bridge, built more than a decade ago, that allows people and vehicles to cross on their way to and from Kandahar city.
Subtract all of that and you get a winner — a winner who looks nothing like Bernie Sanders.
It sounds almost quaint in the Trump era, but the Fed carefully examined bank lending under the current law in the last 15 years, seeking to fashion new rules that would promote lending, particularly during economic downturns.
RCLCO, a real estate consulting firm, took a focused look at the topic, considering how a high-end grocer on the street level of a rental building affects that building’s initial rents, rent increases over a year, and the rate at which its new apartments are leased, known as “absorption.” To do it, researchers compared 64 rental apartment building projects across the country with a Whole Foods, Trader Joe’s or other high-end grocer on the ground floor with similar nearby buildings without one.
Field dressing it, dragging it out, hanging it up, processing it—that starts to look a lot like working on your day off, if you ask me.
The foundry also made chips for Fugaku, a Japanese system that recently took the world speed crown.
The cancer would become a telltale sign of H.I.V.
The institute is a division of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Local parades and picnics draw national coverage.
Speaking at an event in Kabul on Tuesday, Mr. Ghani said 3,560 Afghan forces had been killed and nearly 6,800 others wounded since the February deal between the United States and the Taliban.
“It makes us look stupid.” You’ve likely seen Katie Sowers, an assistant coach for the 49ers, in a series of commercials leading up to this game, but you probably don’t know how she worked her way onto the sideline for San Francisco.
He reiterated requirements for wearing masks in public spaces and social distancing.
They came out— I believe they came out July 15, a few days after the announcement was made.
Its recruitment of online influencers — specifically its flooding the zone with memes on private Instagram accounts — forced major internet platforms to scramble to address outdated transparency rules.
Sign up here to get the briefing by email.
La semana pasada, los reguladores de medicamentos del Reino Unido se pronunciaron en contra del uso de la vacuna de Pfizer en personas que han sufrido reacciones anafilácticas a los alimentos, los medicamentos o las vacunas.
And one of the questions they are asking is this: How did it come to pass that we can’t make enough respirator masks or ventilators when we need them most?
But “Everything Beautiful in Its Time” will be her first publishing experience as an industry insider.
It’s a shift further made apparent by the recent classification of data pertaining to enemy-initiated attacks against U.S. and Afghan forces, information deemed by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction as one of the last remaining metrics used to publicly report on the security situation in the country.
“We obviously couldn’t be that silent,” she said, referring to the way Mr. Wiseman resists traditional voice-over and interviews in his films.
He walked in to the clicking of multiple cameras and offered his own prescription for the path forward, calling for “cleareyed, hard-nosed diplomacy grounded in a strategy that’s not about one-off decisions and one-upsmanship.” “Mr.
Senator Angus King, the independent senator from Maine, called the lack of national testing a “dereliction of duty.” In recent weeks, the F.D.A.
The company has blamed the pandemic and the forced store closures for its financial troubles.
Even $5.3 million doesn’t buy restraint.
On this metric, South Carolina matches up rather well with the country as a whole.
We kept busy during that time with our now 16-month-old son, Clark, and trying to think of fun puzzle ideas.
Looking back to 2016, there is data that suggests — although it certainly does not prove — that Trump’s efforts to demonize Hillary Clinton among African-American voters helped to suppress black turnout.
MELBOURNE, Australia — Sofia Kenin became the youngest Australian Open champion in 12 years on Saturday night, beating Garbiñe Muguruza 4-6, 6-2, 6-2 to claim her first Grand Slam title.
But that bill, which has passed the House, is stalled in the Republican-led Senate.
Mr. le Carré’s best-known spy, Smiley, is among the great literary characters of the 20th century.
Violence, we’ve seen again and again and again, of unwarranted police shooting, excessive force.
“So why can’t we cry together?” David Schiesher, a therapist in Switzerland, by way of Minnesota, said he had shed tears on occasion with patients.
the same year, were briefly known as the Chicago White Stockings.)
_____ Yi Rao, a molecular neurobiologist, writes about why his family members in China are struggling to accept his uncle Eric’s death from Covid-19 in New York.
Surely, money — the household stake, the money with which to buy a home, secure a good education, start a family — was a vital goal of the movement then, just as the need for Black people to be made whole, after all the years of slavery and Jim Crow, is still a pressing need today.
“Ahem, 1, 2” is how she begins “When I Grow Up” from her mixtape “What We Drew.” She builds electronic beats and bass lines from half-muffled sounds; she sings and raps, in Korean and English, in a voice that only moves between a whisper and the mildest coo.
that catapulted a photographer into prosperity.
Denmark-based Vestas Wind Systems, a major maker of offshore wind turbines, was forced into closing or selling a dozen factories.
Barack Obama finalmente llegó a la conclusión de que era una inevitabilidad histórica, y le dijo a las personas a su alrededor que lo mejor que podía hacer era “establecer un contraejemplo”.
More than 3.3 million Medicare beneficiaries take at least one of the common forms of insulin.
So will some high-yield exchange-traded funds, which are built on bonds but trade like stock.
They’re running Sunday schedules on Tuesdays.
David Yaffe-Bellany contributed reporting from New York.
Several Senate Republicans, including Susan Collins, insisted that Mr. Biden should at least be given access to the President’s Daily Brief, which provides the nation’s most closely guarded intelligence secrets and an assessment of national security threats.
Asked on Sunday morning whether lives would have been saved if Mr. Trump had followed recommendations on social distancing in late February, Dr. Fauci said on CNN, “It is what it is; we are where we are right now.” He added: “Obviously you could logically say that if you had a process that was ongoing and you started mitigation earlier, you could have saved lives, nobody’s going to deny that.” Dr. Tom Inglesby, director of the Center for Health Security of the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health said on “Fox News Sunday” that “if we had acted on some of those warnings earlier, we would be in a much better position in terms of diagnostics and possibly masks and personal protective equipment and getting our hospitals ready.” Coronavirus antibody tests have not always been accurate in other countries, and the United States should be careful not to approve their use too quickly, Dr. Stephen Hahn, the commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, said on Sunday.
At least 12 major Russian cities have said in recent days that they will not hold a parade on June 24, the day that President Vladimir V. Putin decreed Russia would publicly commemorate the 75th anniversary of the Soviet Union’s victory over the Nazis in World War II.
“Masks keep Californians healthy.” Mr. Newsom unveiled a new public awareness campaign about the importance of wearing masks, having already ordered people to wear them in most indoor — and some outdoor — public settings.
He wasn’t drunk yet, but by halftime he’d have ﬁnished at least a six-pack.
Outside the headquarters of the Army’s 10th Mountain Division at Fort Drum stands a monument to the unit, the one most frequently deployed in the years since the attacks of 9/11.
CEFC focused on trading oil futures and securing the rights to overseas oil fields in strife-torn places like Chad, South Sudan and Iraq.
Varios miembros del Congreso de Estados Unidos han pedido que la película sea retirada de Netflix o que se haga una investigación formal.
Biden — it doesn’t look like Biden is going to be viable here.
Right now, we do not know the true number of total cases even approximately.
“Exhorto a todos los gobiernos a priorizar la seguridad de las mujeres mientras responden a la pandemia”, escribió en Twitter el secretario general António Guterres.
When he did not answer, the officer asked the teacher the same question, to which she replied, “What gun?” At that point, the younger officer fired a second shot at Mr. al-Hallaq, prosecutors said.
The police quickly dispersed the group, angering a number of Mr. Trump’s supporters, who shouted at the officers and called them “cowards.” Tracey Gardner, 54, from upstate New York, said the night-time demonstration was meant to send a message that Mr. Trump is “still our president.” She believes Mr. Trump will win re-election, she said, adding that any loss could be blamed on the news media.
Its curve has trended slightly downward this week.
Graceful, gracious and, with the exception of a few vamping detours, an engrossing tour through a dense, if troubling, landscape.
She is also highly motivated, someone who decompresses by working toward a black belt in mixed martial arts; whose idea of relaxing is to drink Colombian coffee, extra light, while working on her laptop in a cafe.
But Texans quarterback Deshaun Watson, who had been under fairly intense pressure for much of the game, fumbled a snap only to have Anthony Walker of the Colts recover it to preserve a win for Indianapolis.
She makes him sit on the potty and she reads books to him.” — Melissa Merritt, Altadena, Calif. “We’ve convinced our 5 ½-year-old that rather than calling us back into her room 800 times to answer all of life’s deep questions — which conveniently always surface at bedtime — that she should write them down instead.
It can be helpful in instances where you have agency to change the outcome, but when you don’t, it causes unnecessary stress.
Other schools and universities in the city have also been closed until March in a measure to help contain the coronavirus.
Zachary Woolfe Race to Save the Planet They warned us!
“But this will quite possibly lead other public universities to say, ‘Well if the U.C.
Among newspapers, whose newsrooms are also disproportionately white, high-ranking editors at The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal and The Philadelphia Inquirer have stepped down or been reassigned in recent days after staff complaints about editorial decisions touching on race and protests.
Choose a single program and fly exclusively with that carrier to maximize miles.
It was unlikely that Chinese officials had selected intelligence operatives to send back to China, American officials said.
“We took the steps that the experts said were necessary to save lives.” Investigators found that although the state’s acting chief health officer had signed the order approving the lockdown, she was unaware of the government’s plans to put it into effect so suddenly.
Players, coaches and staff members will be asked to quarantine in their rooms for 36 to 48 hours and register two consecutive negative coronavirus tests before they can start participating in team activities.
When a Diné baby is born, we bury her umbilical cord near her home so that she will always remember where she is from.
“I wish to reiterate that these drugs are accepted as generally safe for use in patients with autoimmune diseases or malaria,” he said.
Because if the Russians are backing both of them, it’s like the Russians are backing neither of them.
In the beginning, all the scenes had these featureless avatars that didn’t look like anybody.
“You don’t know me but my name is Sidney Moss … and I’m your father,” he said.
And so we went over there, and he was a quiet guy in the corner doing his own thing.
Governor Cuomo said on Thursday he would issue an executive order authorizing any business in New York State to deny entry to people who were not wearing face coverings.
In response to a protester shouting “Where’s your white hood?” and other taunts, the man in the golf cart pumps his fist in the air and says “White power!” twice.
The man, identified as Craig Anderson, 59, was also arrested and cited for vandalism.
That means returning production to this country, securing our critical supply chains and encouraging domestic innovation and manufacturing.
And there is a potential bottleneck in the production of dry ice needed for packing and shipping the vaccine.
From a distance the land looks forested and green, an untapped wilderness for lemurs.
“The same thing,” Datsko said.
Even the laziest human mason can do six times that.
“Out of an abundance of caution,” municipal leaders said, the general public was asked “to avoid the City of Stone Mountain.” Public bus service was halted, and residents and business owners were “encouraged to refrain from travel and activities within the downtown area.” And when some scuffling and pepper spraying broke out around midday between a small knot of white supremacists and more numerous counterprotesters, law enforcement officers in riot gear moved in to break it up.
Other speakers insisted that Mr. Trump had a hidden caring side, or suggested, like the party’s chairwoman, Ronna McDaniel, that a “tough” man like Mr. Trump could get more done than “nice guy” Mr. Biden.
I got about 20 pages into the book, but I couldn’t read it anymore cause I was too spooked … But in general I still think the concept of ghosts is still scary and I know that it’s silly that a 13-year old is still scared of ghosts, but that’s just who I am!
“This is disruptive and frustrating,” Gov.
His subject is boundaries, most of them national.
“We really like how spacious and peaceful it is.” Able to step away: check.
“We’ve got to help these stores get open.” Technically, the Nebraska mall never closed — businesses in Sarpy County, where the mall is, have been permitted to stay open if they could maintain social distancing restrictions.
“It started as a comfort thing,” Ms. Schneider said, who studies writing at the Savannah College of Art and Design.
Nixon was “just like every other loyal American,” one Atlanta man retorted to an inquiring reporter in early 1974.
Justin, a wounded Marine and friend of my husband, knelt and wrapped his arms around me as I cried.
The subpoenaed documents destroy that narrative.
Appointed to the U.S. District Court in 2001 by Mr. Bush and served on the advisory board of the Federalist Society’s New Orleans chapter.
“Staff is treating her death as if she had Covid,” the report said.
has found, all over the world superstar businesses are racing ahead of their competitors.
And it was a common feeling I heard throughout the city.
Now she wants Virginia Democrats to put forward either Ms. McClellan or Ms. Carroll Foy, she said, to “show that we take women and women of color seriously and we would be confident and comfortable in their leadership.” And Lisa Sales, who is the chairwoman of the Fairfax County Commission for Women, said she “loves and adores” Mr. McAuliffe but that the time had come for Virginia to elect a woman as governor.
When the explosion rippled through the capital on Tuesday, many Lebanese felt it was the heartbreakingly natural conclusion of a government unable to manage the country’s affairs.
“Politically, it’s pretty dumb to be talking about how we need to repeal Obamacare in the middle of a pandemic,” said Joel White, a Republican strategist who specializes in health policy and has presented legislative proposals to House and Senate Republicans and the White House.
Democrats are more pessimistic than Republicans, as they have been throughout President Trump’s term.
Again, that doesn’t mean that they’ve got some evolutionary edge.
“It’s probably spam,” she said, and then she disappeared.
A finales de diciembre, el centro de comando nacional para la salud de Taiwán, el cual se creó después de que el SRAS cobró la vida de 37 personas, comenzó a ordenar exámenes para los pasajeros provenientes de Wuhan, incluso antes de que Pekín admitiera que el coronavirus se estaba propagando entre humanos.
This puzzle made the cut, so thanks to Mr. Last, Mr. Kravis and the J.A.S.A.
That was true for Dr. el-Tayar, 64, the oldest son of a government clerk and a housewife from Atbara, Sudan, a railway city on the Nile.
The first single from the K-pop group’s forthcoming debut full length (following various EPs and singles) zigs and zags between melodrama, feistiness, sensuality and abandon, boosted by appealingly springy rapping from Lisa and raw vocal vigor from Rosé.
He advised him to go immediately to the nearest emergency room, H.U.M.C., where they could give him a CT scan, which would provide a more detailed picture.
With the state shattering its own records this week for new coronavirus cases and deaths, the challenge may come down to making sure those voters leave their homes to turn in their ballots.
Since 2009, 47 have been given to people in films released in the second half of the year.
BOSTON — Helen Obando, a shy slip of a girl, lay curled in a hospital bed in June waiting for a bag of stem cells from her bone marrow, modified by gene therapy, to start dripping into her chest.
TRUSNOVEC You can’t see much of anything.
Do you discuss it with your friends and family or in school?
It reported an endowment of more than $2.4 billion in 2019.
It was listed as Ms. Waligwa’s only film credit.
Trump administration officials have said they may seek more.
It was from there, warmed by gentle flames from a fireplace in a cozy-looking living room, that he on April 19 delivered a what-me-worry Orthodox Easter message to the nation.
“If she trusts her game in the big moment, she can beat anyone at any time,” Annacone said.
In the town of Lake Conjola, there was a stretch of about four or five homes, with one engulfed in flames.
They also note that Iran is overextended — fighting a coronavirus epidemic, a tanking economy and public unrest at home — and needs to retrench.
Así como sucede con muchos otros comportamientos relacionados con la salud, no podemos esperar soluciones basadas únicamente en un cambio de comportamiento individual.
Well into adulthood, I felt that I could never make up for the father-time I’d missed as a child.
Modena, and its surroundings in north-central Italy, are known as the home of balsamic vinegar and Massimo Bottura’s highly esteemed Osteria Francescana.
Dr. Virginia Banks, an infectious disease specialist in Youngstown, Ohio, who is Black, understands the community’s long-held distrust in the medical establishment.
But moral relativism is not the answer.
Day 1 of the trial was, in a way, like time travel.
Scientists in white lab coats brought the vial to Building 14, carefully poured the contents into a flask, added a medium of vitamins and sugar and began growing billions of cells.
President Trump said early Friday that he and his wife, Melania, had tested positive for the coronavirus, throwing the nation’s leadership into uncertainty and escalating the crisis posed by a pandemic that has already killed more than 207,000 Americans and devastated the economy.
Facebook removed the group today as part of the “exceptional measures” it’s taking on the election.
Season with a big pinch of salt, and cinnamon or nutmeg if you like.
Yes, the coin metaphor is heavy-handed: Patrick will spend his life seeking and avoiding contact and engagement.
Throughout the 20th century, architecture in Antarctica was a pragmatic and largely makeshift affair, focused on keeping the elements out and the occupants alive.
Its biggest recent product introduction was a free tax return offering that put it into direct competition with Intuit’s TurboTax.
“Innovation is awesome — until it creates a quantum leap in the sport.
Garrett Morris could not do News for the Hard of Hearing.
In Georgia and Texas, a governor and a mayor warned that some sort of shutdown might have to be reimposed.
U.S. moves: The Trump administration has listed refugees from the city as a priority, even as it reduced the total number of refugees the U.S. will take in annually.
They haven’t hit the campaign trail quite yet, but hope to soon.” Interestingly enough, Bailey does not have his own social media account.
“Juneteenth was on the schedule before any rally was.
Legally, nonprofits are required to be independently managed by a board of trustees.
As a new president in the mid-1970s, with Yeshiva’s financing wobbling perilously as a result of a nationwide recession, Rabbi Lamm was able to persuade non-Orthodox benefactors to give generously to an institution that would sustain traditional Jewish life yet produce graduates comfortable in the secular world.
I even did a test before and sent everything to the director.” As for the accusation that files were manipulated, she said she did not know: “I think now everything is possible, but I don’t want to blame anyone, and it’s not my place to say.” Berger, 19, said she received numerous hate messages after being barred; she said she has suffered from anxiety and thoughts of self-harm.
He was the most important element, the key lead, in the reports of Woodward and Bernstein.
But because of Mao’s disastrous economic policies during the program called the Great Leap Forward and the mass famine that followed, there were few job opportunities in the field.
Stephen F. BauerNew York To the Editor: Re “For Allies and Adversaries, News of Illness Is Shocking” (news article, Oct. 3): In headlines and several articles the news of the president testing positive for the virus is described as “shocking.” I cannot understand this reaction.
But Djokovic, now clearly the second-best clay-court player of Nadal’s era — ahead of Federer — is quite capable of prying open the safe.
Before “The Big Short” came this furious denouncement of the corporate and political skulduggery that led to the 2008 financial crisis.
Today in New Orleans, fears of Covid-19, which hit the city so early and so hard, prompted our strike.
At the time, many understood this to be a simple matter of efficiency: Tasks pertaining to housing would go to a contractor so the military could better focus on training and preparing for combat.
But over the last few days, some of those governors relented.
Mr. Trump charges, without evidence, that efforts by states to help people vote by mail during the coronavirus crisis would lead to widespread voter fraud — a claim that even some Republicans dispute.
Denny Tamaki, the governor of Okinawa, said he was shocked by the number of infections and said it was “extremely regrettable” that so many cases had emerged among American troops and affiliated personnel in less than a week.
Every year since 2010 we have invited teenagers around the world to add The New York Times to their summer reading lists and, so far, 70,000 have.
It isn’t the first time something like this has happened.
Restaurants have closed, and we have had to reconsider such commonplace activities as gathering with our friends.
But she issued a statement denying that she misled the four tenants, saying that they knew that their interviews would be shown at the convention “to increase awareness of the inhumane conditions that Mayor de Blasio has allowed for far too long.” “Each participated regardless of political party because they recognized the importance of having a voice on the national stage and the undeniable improvements that have transpired under this administration,” Ms. Patton said.
Then I Zoomed (alas, this is a verb we are using now) into a birthday party for a relatively new friend.
And the direction, too, feels languid, almost mechanical, with rote terrors and tones robbed from horror movies past.
And I think in the long run, what some political experts think is that he is betting on the possibility that when the real economic pain is felt — six months, a year down the road, when it becomes clear just how big of a beating Brazilians took — that Brazilians may take out their wrath on the governors and the mayors who imposed these quarantines, and that the president may be able to sort of carve out a role for himself as the person who consistently wanted to save jobs, wanted to keep the economy on track.
The balloons this year included the characters Boss Baby and Red Titan from ‘Ryan’s World.’ “I felt like it would be a big adventure to just come on down here and see what I could see — and I actually saw much more than I expected to see,” said Ms. Schlosser, who is from California but is living in New York City for a month while working from home.
Whenever Powell seemed concerned about a particular claim, Tenet’s staff would usher in what seemed to be the proper analyst to affirm the source’s validity.
“Tenemos que usarlo como un llamado a la acción”, dijo Wright, exfuncionario de FEMA que ahora es presidente del Insurance Institute for Business & Home Safety, un grupo financiado por la industria que analiza cómo reducir los daños provocados por desastres.
Tapping his business contacts, he pressured the government and secured rations for thousands.
But the governor’s approach to the issue has also sometimes seemed awkward.
A cut on my forehead is stinging.
Adam Goldman contributed reporting from Washington, and Maggie Haberman and Jeremy W. Peters from New York.
Still energetic later in life, he went on to earn a doctorate at 84.
And I know that that case involves the constitutionality of the individual mandate.
Then he was off to the field of battle.
Before the trial convened, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, and other Republicans signaled that they were regaining confidence that they would be able to cobble together the 51 votes needed to block new witnesses and documents and bring the trial to an acquittal verdict as soon as Friday, after the revelations from Mr. Bolton, reported Sunday by The New York Times, had threatened to knock their plans off course.
For example, he will encourage states to implement mask mandates, coordinate testing at the national level, and rejoin the World Health Organization.
He said he had made the trip from Turkey, where he was seeking treatment for Alen, because “this was the only chance I would have to stand before him and say, ‘Look what you have done.’” His daughter, he said, still wakes up in the middle of the night screaming, and cannot walk more than a few feet without falling down because of the lasting impact of the shooting.
But the same tools that make it easy to distribute your work online make it easier than ever to steal.
Chinese forces routinely menace the island, as its first operational aircraft carrier did last month, forcing Taiwan’s military to scramble jets and ships.
Was it always on the table for you to sing in the movie?
I loved “Marriage Story.” I’d kill for something like that.
“We tell you the things that the liberal media” will not, it said.
Ben replies: “Ho ho ho!
“We see clearly that Fieldston administrators Jessica Bagby and Nigel Furlonge are not interested in addressing anti-Semitism or protecting Jewish community members,” the letter said, “but in signaling to conservative Jewish donors that the school will punish dissenters from those donors’ views.”
Mr. Patel’s arrival has been greeted skeptically in the headquarters of the director of national intelligence, known as Liberty Crossing.
“The applications you are referring to are downloaded of people’s own free will,” Mr. Totushek wrote.
Governors from the states that were hit early in the pandemic have sustained the highest approval ratings in the country.
“It’s reminding them that he’s here, too.” But at his rally, Mr. Trump tried to pre-emptively cast doubt on the Nevada electoral process, using the caucus chaos in Iowa as an example.
To address that, the Esperanza Community School in Tempe, Ariz., plans to keep most students with their teachers from last year, according to Hannah Wysong, a teacher leader at the school.
“Naomie Harris has such range and is such a great actress,” she said.
A press officer for Google didn’t immediately respond to requests for comment.
Malware that was created for the explicit purpose of prying into private online communications, also known as spyware, has become a $1 billion industry.
One of the big ideas is this idea of community policing, community watch.
The conversation has been edited and condensed for clarity.
Now resorts such as Squaw Valley are setting their expectations low for the new ski season.
Andrew Cuomo has ordered the release of over 1,000 parole violators.
La imaginé al lado de la cama de Eric, tomando su mano, y hablándole aunque él no le respondiera.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
She is not having it.
One of New York City’s official coronavirus testing sites, the hospital has been flooded, like so many others in the area, by new and suspected cases.
Camden was one of the nation’s poorest cities, and by identifying those patients who were in and out of the hospital, he saw firsthand how chaotic and disjointed their care was.
While many cities and states grapple with the process of reopening, the stakes are high for Las Vegas, which has been hit particularly hard.
She is working on her first book, about the relationship between capitalism and reproduction.
The pandemic hastened the decline.
“I will vote this year, I will make sure of that,” she said.
Several observational studies published in the past decade, for example, have found that 2- to 4-year-olds who drank whole milk tended to be leaner – not heavier – than those who drank lower-fat milk.
They call this sex crimes expert, Dr. Barbara Ziv, who’s counseled many, many victims.
• But the process won’t be that intimate: He’s also commissioned a TV production company to shoot a documentary, “Full Moon Lovers,” about it.
It’s impossible to know how many clues we will miss if our intelligence community is isolated from the world and the president’s daily brief only reinforces what the administration wants to hear.
It was that incredible.” It was the combination of the acoustics of the Met and its rapturous audiences that helped inspire Ms. Price to become the greatest Aida of her day; such a connection is not something that can be accomplished by streaming from home.
We’re covering nationwide protests over police brutality, the pandemic’s detrimental impact on the Amazon and the life of a transgender trailblazer.
What was the hardest thing you did while fasting?
Shaneika Brooks, 42, a former welder, was one of those schoolchildren.
Not so easy, is it?
“Our Democratic Party did a good job,” he told (our) Reid.
The systems work by trying to match facial pattern data extracted from photos or video with those in databases like driver’s license records.
Sadly, his major architectural achievements — the grand unfinished Villa Madama perched on a wooded hill two miles north of the Vatican, and the classically inspired Raphael loggias inside the Vatican’s Apostolic Palace — were inaccessible to the public even before the pandemic, and remain so.
Today, she uses only two or three products, no more and no less.
Outbreaks are comparatively smaller in states where efforts to contain the virus were stronger over the summer and fall — potential good news for leaders taking action now.
The coronavirus pandemic has exposed how fragile we all are when millions of people are uninsured, and when workers cannot afford to take a day off from work because they risk falling back on their bills.
Eventually, Wilpon held up his hands and demonstrated a similar grace that he would show months later to a dogged lawyer at Carnegie Hall.
You judge the character of a nation by how it treats fellow humans.
The bird-watcher, Christian Cooper, filmed Ms. Cooper (no relation) calling 911 from an isolated area of Central Park after he asked her to leash her dog, as the rules required.
‘Luce’ (2019) Lighting a long fuse on issues of race, revolution and the legacy of global conflict, Julius Onah’s provocative drama stars the gifted Kelvin Harrison Jr. as an accomplished high-school athlete, debater and scholar who isn’t the uncomplicated success story he appears to be.
This Is What It Looks Like.” The Syrian government, backed by Russian forces, has accelerated its monthslong offensive to seize control of Idlib, the last province held by the opposition.
She meets with anyone good at the game, adds psychological counseling (which leads her to her own personal Rosebud) and coaching sessions, one with Blake Eastman, an expert on nonverbal communication, who has her study hours of video of herself playing, which reveals Konnikova’s various tics, including a habit of rechecking her cards.
What is your first memory of celebrating Juneteenth?
Ms. Zhong, the Gen Z investor, said: “Gen Z is like, ‘How can I be the realest I can be?’ In fact, the messier it looks, the more real they are, the more real they seem.” Groundbreaking companies are always contrarian, but what’s considered contrarian is ever evolving.
is your ability to acknowledge your own emotions, recognize emotions in others and use that information to guide your behavior.
Perhaps it makes more sense to think of it as cinema.
The ventilators in the national stockpile were not ideal.
For the moment, Mr. Fitzgerald said, residents would use their own judgment.
It was then that she discovered a liver disease called intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy.
Last week, as New York allowed more nonessential businesses to reopen, the Department of Transportation warned in a sign on the Robert F. Kennedy Bridge: “Anticipate traffic.” While ridership on buses and subways has cratered during the pandemic, public transit remains critical for essential workers and those who don’t have a car.
The documentary “Block” (on Saturday) captures a truck drivers’ strike that illustrates political attitudes in the run-up to Bolsonaro’s election.
Climate change, under such thinking, appeared to be a “luxury good” issue, the sort of thing that’s nice to have if you can afford it, but which gets pushed down the list of priorities in tough times.
“Even if the scale of the terror is not yet clear: our thoughts are with the injured and victims in these difficult hours.
Last Tuesday, during the first few days that this state loosened restrictions on businesses that were temporarily closed because of the novel coronavirus, Blush Beauty Bar reopened for appointments.
In writing to Sultan Murad III, Elizabeth drew parallels between Protestantism and Islam.
I ask you — No, I can’t.
Crew stores and a further 140 operated under the popular Madewell brand that it also owns.
“This is serious business,” he said.
Novos projetos podem surgir do nada e planos adormecidos às vezes reaparecem como prioridades repentinas — os chamados “projetos-vampiros” — ressuscitando dos mortos.
Iran, the report quoted Tehran as saying, “will not recognize any allegation on past activities and does not consider itself obliged to respond to such allegations.” Taken together, the findings and the demand for more intrusive inspections take the standoff between Washington and Tehran into new territory.
“Get cozy!” she would say, less request than command.
“We’re now willing to talk about removing uneconomic dams, and environmentalists are no longer talking about all hydropower being bad.” Energy experts have said that adding more hydropower could provide a useful tool in the fight against climate change.
Still, for those of us hoping that exercise might help us trim our waistlines during the coming holidays, the more we can move, it seems, the better.
No sé por qué me sentí obligada a decírtelo, excepto, quizá, para purgar mi obsesión.
The government would collect the data but would delete it after four weeks if it was not needed to trace an outbreak.
Dr. Kathy Lofy, the health officer of Washington State, said in an email, “We are very concerned that people believe our scarce resource guidance might discriminate against people with disabilities so we are in the process of setting up time to meet with disability advocacy groups to discuss their concerns.” “The guidance in Washington around managing scarce resources during emergencies was largely designed to avoid discrimination during the allocation of scarce resource and involves a regional team to ensure resources are being allocated in a fair way,” Dr. Lofy said.
Benny Wenda, who escaped from an Indonesian jail 18 years ago and later received political asylum in Britain, declared himself head of West Papua’s first government-in-exile on Dec. 1, the anniversary of the independence declaration.
Next up was Miami, and there, at the King Jesus International Ministry, he excoriated the “fake news,” declared from the dais that two progressive congresswomen “hate” Jewish people, taunted the Democratic presidential candidate Pete Buttigieg for his faith, and said God was “on our side.” The president’s final day of vacation, Saturday, was spent at the golf club, and was punctuated by a handful of tweets.
While activities like wilderness trips and travel in the developing world set him apart from many kids, Cody Roman played with Legos and video games, listened to indie rock, read Harry Potter, and attended public school as a normal kid from a close-knit family brought closer by nature and adventure.
When women do well, countries do well.
Commissioner Shea’s remarks were not the only example of the police casting blame for the outbreak in violence.
En Francia, han detonado un ajuste de cuentas inesperado en un país que desde hace mucho tiempo ha buscado la justicia social por medio de un compromiso con ideales universales como la igualdad y el secularismo, bajo el argumento de que un énfasis en la diversidad, la etnicidad o la raza podría socavar la unidad y el tejido social.
“I never spoke to Rep. Yoho before he decided to accost me on the steps of the nation’s Capitol yesterday,” Ms. Ocasio-Cortez wrote.
También controlamos la atención que le ponemos a la conversación.
Bright continues to lead change in BARDA with deftness and enthusiasm.” And in an internal email sent on Tuesday evening, Dr. Kadlec again offered praise as he described Dr. Bright’s new role in a “Shark Tank”-style effort to develop diagnostics related to the coronavirus, a collaboration between his former agency and the National Institutes of Health.
So one of her friends nudged her to catch up with Mr. Rose.
And the manager of the Colston Arms Pub, Paul Frost, said he would leave it to the public to decide whether to erase Colston.
“But it kicks the can down the road.
I recently read parenting advice that told parents to say “sorry” to your kids.
Yet, instead of focusing on that win, Mr. Trump lashed out against Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey yesterday, calling him a “total loser” after Senator Booker pressed Judge Barrett on her support for the Affordable Care Act.
It was my mother who stanched the blood on my cheek when, after watching my father shaving, I tried using his straight razor; it had been my father, absentminded, who’d left the razor on the counter within my reach.
Participants nominate at least one other woman (and often several) to post her own black-and-white portrait.
There are roughly 5,000 American troops in Iraq.
Ms. Houston’s recognition of the Indigo Girls had a significant impact on their career as well.
“We used to have everyone inside, standing along the bar.
He is 27 years old.
With Mr. Trump making significant inroads among Cuban-Americans in Miami, Representative Debbie Mucarsel-Powell, a first-term Democrat, was edged out by Carlos Gimenez, the Miami mayor, and Representative Donna E. Shalala lost to Maria Elvira Salazar, a former television anchor.
He doesn’t lead his base, as most politicians do.
Asked why Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont lost decisively to Mr. Biden among black voters in recent races for the Democratic presidential nomination, Mr. de Blasio suggested those voters did not know enough about Mr. Biden — remarks that some called offensive and condescending.
As you can see, I’m alone here, which is great.”
Beyond public opinion, Supreme Court lists can only increase the temptation for lower court judges to audition for inclusion through unnecessary opinions pleasing to their party’s base.
While these investigations are underway, countries can choose to continue the vaccination program if the benefits are considered to outweigh the risks.
And while his nascent professional career is full of luminous and generational possibility, it is also emblematic of growing worry among N.B.A.
Studies have shown that people send only 40 percent less email on holiday Mondays compared with regular Mondays.
But not everyone who loses something down a grate or on the train tracks is lucky enough to get it back.
And when I asked them, why are you there?
We both wear disposable gloves.
Since the attack on Thursday, Turkey has retaliated with strikes on Syrian government forces in and around Idlib and farther afield, including on a chemical weapons storage facility south of Aleppo and a government air defense system in Idlib, according to Turkish officials.
But burning down communities is not protest, it’s needless violence.” Michelle Cottle Rabbi Aryeh Spero.
“But the energy that was there in the spring has already dissipated.” Vanguard’s mapping project allows donors to use three major criteria to assess the coronavirus’s impact: an area’s vulnerability, its incidence rate and the amount of donations to local nonprofit organizations.
It’s particularly painful for grandparents, who often live alone.
Mayor Anne Hidalgo told Franceinfo that she did not want to ban jogging, only limit it to “times when there will be fewer people on the street.” She continued, “During the day, you have people who do their shopping — and that’s normal, because you have to eat — and you have people who go to work.” Even cycling has been halted in France, but professionals are asking for a waiver, saying that their livelihoods are at stake.
They recommended that investors who want to add Tesla hold off from buying right away.
Reporting was contributed by Fahim Abed, Reed Abelson, Alan Blinder, Julie Bosman, Luke Broadwater, Emily Cochrane, Lindsey Cook, Nick Corasaniti, Melissa Eddy, Catie Edmondson, Reid J. Epstein, Nicholas Fandos, Manny Fernandez, Jacey Fortin, Hailey Fuchs, Katie Glueck, Michael Gold, Jason Gutierrez, Virginia Hughes, Sheila Kaplan, Juliana Kim, Abdi Latif Dahir, Lisa Lerer, Dan Levin, Mujib Mashal, Giulia McDonnell Nieto del Rio, Sarah Mervosh, Raphael Minder, Claire Moses, Richard C. Paddock, Tara Parker-Pope, Amy Qin, Saw Nang, Simon Romero, Eliza Shapiro, Michael D. Shear, Natasha Singer, Kaly Soto, Eileen Sullivan, Katie Thomas, Glenn Thrush, Kenneth P. Vogel, Mary Williams Walsh, Noah Weiland, Will Wright, Billy Witz and Elaine Yu.
[NBC New York] A man in Brooklyn was in critical condition after he was ejected from a minibus after the vehicle crashed into a luxury sports car.
In interviews, Democrats and Republicans alike conceded that the president appeared to be in over his head in dealing with the coronavirus, and that Dr. Fauci and Dr. Deborah L. Birx, the White House’s coronavirus coordinator, were the more reliable voices to listen to for accurate information.
In September, the owners of Austin F.C., the Texas capital’s first major-league professional team, reached an agreement with the city to start construction of a $260 million, 20,500-seat stadium on 24 acres of long-vacant city-owned land.
The United States opposed lifting United Nations sanctions on North Korea in December and sanctioned two more entities January.
Brown ultimately became the Braves’ majority owner, positioning him to essentially swap rosters with Boston’s Irv Levin in 1978, which resulted in Brown becoming the Celtics’ owner and Levin relocating the Braves to San Diego (and renaming them the Clippers).
Mr. Navarro, after consulting with American arms makers, wrote a memo to Jared Kushner and other top White House officials calling for an intervention, possibly by Mr. Trump himself.
I love my relationship with my son, but I worry about the loss of peer relationships while social distancing.
I reached out to him via Twitter and found we shared an alma mater — he was in the class of 1988.
Mr. Ducey imposed a statewide stay-at-home order on March 31, later extending the order to May 15, despite angry protests from some who called for reopening of businesses.
“Do you have the experience to be self-reflective, to have the capacity to grow and to have judgment, and are you secure surrounding yourself with other smart people?” Serving as America’s youngest mayor of a city over 100,000, Mr. Buttigieg grew in office, becoming a more patient listener and more respectful of those with clashing views, supporters and critics agreed in interviews.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
High levels of crime and weak rule of law have led to low levels of trust in society.
How big will this damage be?
The Trump-Nixon comparisons are obvious.
Mr. Simons remained at Jil Sander until 2012, moving on later that year to become artistic director of Christian Dior following John Galliano’s firing after a drug-and-alcohol-fueled anti-Semitic rant in 2011.
A frequent healthy scratch, the physical Schenn appeared in just 25 regular-season games but has now played eight straight playoff contests after Cooper adjusted his lineup to go with seven defensemen and 11 forwards following the Lightning’s Game 1 loss against the Boston Bruins.
We both live in Amsterdam, though we had not met.
I report on tech policy from The Times’s bureau in Washington.
that is familiar to many other sports leagues, yet different because of U.F.C.’s lack of a season and its model for staging large, singular events in different cities every few weeks.
But it’s important to note that he has spent much of the past eight months, during which more than 200,000 Americans died of causes related to the coronavirus, downplaying the pandemic, flinging out false reassurances and refusing to abide by the very public health guidelines that officials in his own government were fervently promoting.
It means it affects every organ in the body that has lots of fine blood vessels in it, and not even just organs.
A small Somali mall, nestled among the more traditional houses of Minneapolis, has a labyrinthine market inside where women wearing thick, colored veils shop for traditional clothes and iPhones.
very hard, not wanting to pick fights with Tennessee’s slightly moderate Republican senators at the time.
The Asia-Pacific is where coal continues to grow.
There is not even a nursing home out here.” Even as hospitalizations and deaths in Texas near their summer peaks, local officials fear they have little power to intervene beyond the measures that Gov.
I stopped by Pace — where only 10 people are allowed in the gallery at a time and masks are required — to talk to Marc Glimcher, who was seated in the V.I.P.
— Isabella Thank you To Theodore Kim and Jahaan Singh for the break from the news.
When all refused, Mr. Singh called the police.
Mr. Bosket was a 15-year-old black boy who fatally shot two men and wounded a third on the subway.
Sports, in the end, are entertainment.
It’s going to be painful, but it will help us reopen our economy quicker and it will help save American lives.
Moreover, at the state level, where policy is made, the relationship also shifted.
It is only now, as his father, Russell, recently told The Athletic, that he is working for a coach — Marcelo Bielsa — who “believes in him.” It is only now that he is with a club invested in his success.
“I can take the things I see and imprint them on the material with my hands.” IF YOU GO The charming rooms at the Hotel Mansión de Cupatitzio are a perfect jumping-off point for walks into the Barrancas de Cupatitzio National Park and start at 1,700 Mexican pesos ($87) during the high season around Holy Week.
He has three grandchildren, and loves everything about them except being called Grandfather.
Antes, había sido reportero policial en la sección Metro desde 2014.
The movement for Black lives, for example, understands that it is Democratic mayors and city councils that are funding and protecting the police state.
Regina Ip, a cabinet member who leads a pro-Beijing party in the legislature, has long called for Hong Kong to pass its own security laws, but said she had recently concluded that this was no longer possible in the polarized political atmosphere.
You may also have visits from an occupational therapist who assesses how well your preemie is learning to do things like self-soothe.
In the early days of their relationship, Kikis, 35, would tag along on Curl’s film shoots in the Catskills, exploring local auction houses and antique stores.
Protesters denounced the falsified vote while the state formations let them vent in the November chill.
I reached for my wallet.
The racial wealth gap is now growing as Black homeownership plummets.
As the architects of political Blackness rightly insisted, collective identities are always the subject of contestation and negotiation.
A long concrete-block wall passes from the exterior to the interior, as a prominent structural feature.
So these are fields of research that are really growing and for which there is some evidence emerging but is not definitive.
Making matters worse, the food industry relies on more than 200,000 guest workers each year.
I like to give them a little bit of money.
“The combination of drug problems and personal issues meant he couldn’t sustain a career and hasn’t had the impact his talent deserved,” said Debra Craine, the chief dance critic of The London Times.
The aimless characters in “Almost Love” like to talk through their feelings, their aspirations, their disappointments, but there is little substance in their epiphanies, and the comedy is too low key to make up for its absence.
George McGinnis scored 58 points in an overtime win for the Pacers in 1972 when they were in the A.B.A.
Safety concerns have led several theaters to reconsider the longstanding and crowd-pleasing practice of casting children.
Don’t feel like writing more than a tweet, an Instagram caption or a Facebook post?
But in a team sport, I truly believe that failure — you have to feel it before you can have success.
Under the headline “How Facebook Is Helping Ensure the Integrity of the 2020 Election,” the lengthy Teen Vogue post included question-and-answer-style interviews with five female Facebook managers who said the platform was taking steps to avoid spreading misinformation and propaganda as another presidential election drew near.
And yet Peoria, which boasts a revived riverfront, a minor-league baseball stadium and a new drive-in movie theater, was also cited by Business Insider as one of the best cities to live in after the pandemic.
“It makes sense as it’s easy to get married here.
Modern, quota-based immigration law was born of a desire to improve the “quality” of America’s racial stock by drastically limiting immigration from peoples “scientifically” believed to be less intelligent than other groups.
But that’s a very common thriller trope, and I think it’s very hard to do it really, really well.” Also on this week’s episode, Alexandra Alter has news from the publishing world; and Dwight Garner, Parul Sehgal and Jennifer Szalai talk about the books they’ve recently reviewed.
One such patient was a doctor who had for a while refused to go to the hospital and instead stayed home, taking chloroquine, which is still in Congo’s national treatment guidelines.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
Next Dim, a data firm in Israel, discovered two mundane-looking tweets praising China’s coronavirus response that were liked and reposted hundreds of thousands of times in March, possibly with the help of strategically placed influencer accounts.
It was not only the horses that were suffering but also people like Hancock, who had made a living breeding fast horses for generations, and others who harbored a passion for thoroughbreds.
In response, prosecutors proposed hourlong video conferences, a far more complicated and risky endeavor.
He’s not quite what he seems: As his drug addiction gradually strains the relationship, they engage in a vicious cycle of breakups and reconciliations.
Baron Meghnad Desai, 80 ans, un économiste d’origine indienne, se souvient avoir croisé le couple sur les marches d’une maison où ils se rendaient tous dîner.
The great modern philosopher John Rawls called moderate scarcity, or the absence of extreme scarcity, one of the “circumstances of justice.” The Trump administration, and the Republican Party that he represents, are unassailably the political equivalent of Hume’s shipwreck.
It also offers some related online activities, like dance lessons from “Scurry.” On Friday, a video of a puppetry workshop inspired by “Shadow Play” will go up on the website.
The department does not use drones for routine patrols.
Republicans, who are fighting to retain control of the Senate, are unlikely to easily pass Ms. Tanden, who advised Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign and has been one of the most outspoken critics of President Trump.
The sister-in-law, who was 45, also died before she could be taken to a hospital.
While Germany was able to mobilize its industry quickly to fight the pandemic, France was paralyzed.
The Rockets proceeded to win three in a row without Capela, then traded him to the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday as part of a four-team deal — the same deal in which the Rockets landed Covington from the Minnesota Timberwolves.
“This change is good for them and good for people more widely to have more safe blood in the blood supply.” The United States and Australia still require men who have sex with other men to wait three months after having sex before donating blood.
And when Denzel Washington was making the movie “The Great Debaters” (2007), about a debate coach at a small Texas college, he and the cast traveled to Houston for debate boot camp with Dr. Freeman.
My rule: In the Middle East, you get big change when the big players do the right things for the wrong reasons.
Ms. Gideon, who does not support adding justices to the Supreme Court or imposing term limits, said she would support returning a 60-vote threshold, known as the filibuster, for judicial nominees as a way to ensure an independent judiciary.
The weaknesses are most pronounced in poorer areas.
On Monday, fans of the country musician Travis McCready experienced the nation’s first live concert in months.
The aggressive quarantine measures in Florida were met with skepticism by many residents who fault the governor for taking steps aimed at arriving New Yorkers instead of adopting stricter restrictions throughout the state.
The S&P 500 declined: 49.2 percent from March 24, 2000, to Oct. 9, 2002.
Dr. Cardona, whose parents are from Puerto Rico, grew up in public housing and attended public schools throughout his life.
She says she once believed that she was “part of some great humanity.” Now, she continues, “it feels to me like we’re making it all smaller and smaller ….
I think I’d be pretty easy to dominate seeing as I’m four foot 11.
لقد كان يعل٠أيضاً أن ٠ن ال٠رجح أن الكثير ٠ن الشخصيات الفاسدة جلسوا على نفس الأريكة!
Her stand-up has obviously ceased, and a Hulu show has been put on pause.
So if all four of those senators were to basically stay with their public pledge of support for the original McConnell standard, it would not be technically possible to confirm a replacement for Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
So, maybe consider making freestyle lamb patties run through with beets?
On the back nine, several houses have erected makeshift mini grandstands.
An autopsy concluded that he died of heart disease in combination with the deputies restraining him.
On one hand, Mr. Trump’s low taxes and limited regulation have been popular among investors.
And I have neither the willingness nor any motivation to go on performing this elaborate toilette for an audience of one.
How can you not feel like that?
Tim Brooke-Taylor, who helped define British comedy in the 1970s as a star of the long-running television sketch show, “The Goodies,” died on April 12.
Skirball Center for the Performing Arts (Feb. 13-15, 7:30 p.m.).
In studies in mice, he said, “If you can drive the virus replication down tenfold to hundredfold, that can be the difference between life and death.” He described the use of convalescent plasma as “a classic approach that is a really effective way to treat” — if there are enough donors with enough of the right antibodies.
My son has grown up watching Hindu, Orthodox Jewish, Sikh, Muslim and Chinese friends have their hair sheared, twisted or styled in celebratory rituals.
It was reminiscent of what Mr. Clark had done earlier on Minecraft.
Other players in other cities soon added their support to the campaign.
fools and traitors spread disease.
We need you to step up, and if you’re going to take a position of leadership, show some.” Election challenges have flooded in as officials in Georgia conduct the second of two recounts in the state — with a deadline of midnight on Wednesday — as requested by the Trump campaign.
On April 3, after more than a week of trying, Mr. Virgile, 37, was finally able to get his claim lodged in Florida’s overwhelmed system.
Finally, there is the question of China.
“Take action to help vets facing TBIs,” a reference to traumatic brain injury.
Most people are sent back home and told to quarantine until they get better.
Or is it to live up to an expectation?
“I see by your paper of the 18th that the people respond more freely for little girls of the 100 Neediest Cases calling for help than they do for poor boys,” Thomas wrote The Times.
Another grim distinction: New York State, with 149,316 confirmed cases, has had more people test positive for the virus than any country outside the United States, including Italy and Spain, the two other countries the pandemic has hit hardest.
Navin and Greenfield set tentative recording targets for the summer, when they assumed that studios would have reopened to small groups.
Military miniatures have grown as an industry, he found, and his options were thrilling, as was his enjoyment.
He said he did not know how the two men met.
Moving more Iraqis into the banking system, where payments leave a record that can be verified, has been a goal of the country’s lonely anticorruption advocates for years.
But government hospitals refused to help him, he said, and he can’t afford to go to a private lab.
Beijing said only that Mr. Buckley would have to reapply for his credentials outside the mainland — a requirement inconsistent with past practice.
The officials declined to comment on any heightened U.S. alert levels or additional measures to protect American forces in the Middle East, noting that the more than 40,000 troops in the region are already at a relatively high level of alert.
That turned into a two-year deferral.
He spent the first three days of captivity at an unknown location, blindfolded and bound, where he was interrogated “not much,” he said.
Una mujer indígena, algunos dijeron, no era una representante digna del país.
The nudge came in an email in early March from an Italian friend alarmed by how fast the deadly coronavirus was spreading in his country.
Mark Kantrowitz, publisher of Savingforcollege.com, said in an email that it was possible that some colleges might misinterpret direct payments from a 529 account as “cash support,” which could reduce a student’s financial aid eligibility.
Gilead itself warned that more data was needed to determine the drug’s efficacy.
“Our maximum economic pressure campaign will continue until Iran is willing to conclude a comprehensive negotiation that addresses the regime’s malign behavior,” Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said in a statement.
Bellingcat obtained the data used in the report from caches of leaked Russian databases of personal information.
Mr. Hamilton said he initially felt “a little mixture of exhaustion and anger” after hearing about the deaths of Mr. Floyd and Breonna Taylor, a 26-year-old African-American emergency room technician who was shot by police in Louisville, Ky. After debating whether to join for the protests, he had joined a rally for the first time on Thursday.
And what’s his argument for how he did that?
Donald Trump’s use of the platform for campaigning and governing and acting as assignment editor to the media is the sterling example, but it goes well beyond that.
(The show is in Spanish, with supertitles.)
The report, which was circulated in April, described Post management as “ill-equipped to deal with social media in the modern era” and suggested that managers are more forgiving of mistakes “by white men and newsroom stars than they are of women, minorities and less high-profile reporters.” (The Times, where management has cultivated stars and taken a relatively softer line on Twitter, has its own challenges, and was forced last week to try to purge the vitriol from its internal conversations on Slack.
— these meanings on the one side, and then the additional shifting meanings that it has acquired as the result of the changing configurations of the plaza, the uses of those spaces, the changing populations and most recently as the centerpiece of these protests” after the police killing of George Floyd, said the art historian Michele H. Bogart, the author of “Public Sculpture and the Civic Ideal in New York City, 1890-1930.” The tension between the enduring and the ephemeral is also brought into high relief by the compromised physical structure of the monument itself.
“A lot of cycling enthusiasts are on what amounts to a very long detour, returning, eventually, to what they knew the first time they kept their balance on two wheels: A bike is a bike, and every ride is a victory,” he said.
Although this look is not an explicit nod to the “Twilight” series, anything vampire-related invites comparisons to Edward Cullen and his sparkling, bloodthirsty family.
The goings-on in Povalikhino precipitated a Russian media frenzy, focusing predictably on the farcical nature of it all.
One thing that is not being tested by the model: a proposed liquefied natural gas shipping terminal that would sit just upstream from the diversion and could affect river flow.
Liberal Studies, a mandatory civics course that has been blamed by some officials for radicalizing students, will likely come under much greater scrutiny.
And listen to us on the Book Review podcast.
Mr. Rajput’s family has complained to Indian medical officials that she violated patient confidentiality.
The film springs to life whenever it sticks close to Arjie’s story.
Here’s a roundup of restrictions in all 50 states.
Millions of voters in South Korea lined up today — three feet apart — in one of the first national elections during the pandemic.
Arriving late for Halloween gorehounds, “Triggered,” despite its buzzword title, has nothing to do with making viewers feel safe and everything to do with giving them a good splatter.
“We are going to make sure that every American’s vote counts this fall, whether cast by mail or in person,” said Mark R. Herring, the attorney general of Virginia, one of the states considering legal action.
Asked why he would not again try closing city streets to allow people more space to roam outside, as the city did for several days at the end of March, Mr. de Blasio said he and his staff would “keep looking at” the possibility but said the city’s Police Department was understaffed and that top brass were concerned about whether they would be able to sufficiently patrol large open areas.
But what about that youngster who comes from a family with very little money and who can’t find a job?
Here’s a fine roasted salmon with toasted sesame slaw, from Kay Chun.)
New York City, once the global epicenter of the pandemic, now has far lower rates of community infection than most of the country, but the numbers are quickly climbing.
Facebook, a key battleground for both presidential campaigns, has been most in the eye because of its billions of users.
“TikTok is like a mainstream Dubsmash,” said Kayla Nicole Jones, 18, a YouTube star and music artist.
Les deux camps bénéficiaient de la pénurie d’informations en provenance de la Chine.
The percentage of the region’s grapes that went into nouveau was so high — as much as 60 percent of the basic Beaujolais appellation in 1988 — that when its popularity faded, growers were left with an oversupply, and the public was stuck with an image of Beaujolais as a place with insipid wine.
But it’s not just the rural population; the Postal Service remains a lifeline, sometimes literally, for many Americans who for whatever reason have limited ability to, say, visit a pharmacy to pick up prescriptions.
It sounds ridiculous: Who cares what we will wear when there has been so much tragedy and economic destruction, when old wounds left to fester have been gashed open once again?
Are you worried at all about your great medical care being changed?
“If you drive 40 minutes upstate, it’s almost shocking what fresh air feels like.
Given the idiosyncrasies of his previous creations, the audience could only wonder at what he might do with so much freedom.
I don’t know all the details there.
A flashback with Dolores and Bernard foreshadows the multiple Doloreses twist: “You taught me that anything was possible.
Why not wait until post-November, even if Donald Trump loses, why can’t he nominate the candidate or why can’t the Senate hold hearings on the candidate between November and January?
They were unable to bridge their differences, even on the watered-down “skinny repeal” bill, which three moderates, including Senator John McCain, decisively rejected.
Her husband, Martin, a speech pathologist who worked in a hospital, died of the virus in April.
“I would go back to my own childhood, and find things like ‘Scooby-Doo’ that I loved, and play that for the kids, to make sure they have a bit of that in their brains somewhere,” she told me.
Even having a desk in an office now feels foreign to me.
“I’m running a campaign for change, for sanity,” he said.
But TCF bank had filed a police report against Mr. Thomas, alleging check fraud, according to the lawsuit.
“Our commitment to the health and safety of our guests, crew and the communities we visit is at the forefront of our decisions and operations.” The C.D.C.’s health and safety protocols include extensive testing, quarantine measures and social distancing.
Aloysee Heredia Jarmoszuk, the head of the city Taxi and Limousine Commission, which oversees yellow cabs and ride-hailing companies, said the industry was steadily recovering, albeit slowly.
Among the other mysteries of SAGE is the makeup of the group.
Providing aid to restaurants also could make it easier for cities to suspend indoor dining.
I made this puzzle in autumn 2018 and it was accepted in early January 2019.
Corporate and community sponsors have provided some stability for many nonprofit groups that serve young people through sports, he said.
In his show “Border People,” produced by Working Theater at A.R.T./New York Theaters, he hopscotches among ages, races, ethnicities and genders.
“Do you want to say your father was a monster?” ponders one child, now in her 50s.
When will love and respect for our fellow man replace hatred and injustice?
Nasdaq will ask the S.E.C.
The council estimates that over 30 years, a hyperloop connecting those cities would displace 1.9 billion car and truck trips, reduce carbon emissions by 2.4 million tons and generate $300 billion in economic benefits.
Mold rice into a triangle shape by squeezing with your fingers.
Al Bell ran and co-owned Stax; Sylvia Robinson co-founded Sugar Hill; Berry Gordy’s Motown was one of the most successful black-owned businesses during its heyday.
Cities across the country are facing a red-ink cascade.
Mr. Tatum’s Instagram post, for example, claims that Ms. Taylor was “terminated” as an E.M.T.
In December, India’s national government passed a sweeping new immigration law that gives a fast track to citizenship for undocumented migrants from nearby countries as long as they are Hindu or one of five other religions.
While Sanders sought to energize his anti-establishment supporters by highlighting the support that Buttigieg has received from corporate elites.
Jones struggles, terribly, trying to find things to say about each new location.
He led an Imperial College report that predicted an uncontrolled epidemic could kill between 250,000 and 500,000 people in Britain.
But there is a strain of wishful thinking in the idea that neologisms, revamped grammars, could effect better living.” IN PURSUIT OF DISOBEDIENT WOMEN: A Memoir of Love, Rebellion, and Family, Far Away, by Dionne Searcey.
For you, it appears, countenancing sex for pay represents a similar enormity: The issue, you say, is “fundamental” to you.
Because of this, disability groups are exploring using the Supreme Court’s landmark decision in Olmstead v.
Chief among them is Mr. McConnell.
“It places himself above the needs of the country, and it’s out of step with the mission of government, which is to help in moments of crisis.” Republicans had argued that Ms. Pelosi, who pushed a $3.4 trillion package through the House in May and then muscled through a $2.2 trillion package last week, had pushed for unrelated “poison pills” that she knew Republicans could not support.
The Lab School for Collaborative Studies in Chelsea, which filled 82 percent of its seats with District 2 students last fall, was 58 percent white and 4 percent Black last year.
Dionne currently covers politics and the 2020 campaign for The Times.
[LAUGHS] Well, I’ve made a lot of friends over the years.
Sus últimos libros publicados son Contra Amazon y Lo viral.
Of course, they were these aggrandized descriptions of “Caroline.” That had to be the beginning of me making objects that could be called art, because they were meant to get a response.
He said he saw officers running down the road asking other officers for help and noticed several were injured.
In the land of the lotus eaters, people are also less likely to invest in the future in the most literal of ways.
In 2016, it took a majority stake in Postmedia, one of Canada’s largest newspaper companies.
You said that people would speak of long-past events as things that happened in the days of the comet, most likely referring to the passing of Halley’s comet early in the 20th century.
Kruse’s Facebook page was such a relentless barrage of wild-eyed warnings that when I reached Kruse by phone recently, I was surprised to find that he was a pretty standard-issue Republican, prone to reciting standard-issue Republican platitudes: The private sector knows best; the free market is fundamental to prosperity.
One of Mr. Liu’s videos on the bel canto style attracted more than 370,000 likes in two days, “not in support of my good singing, but because I look like a national leader,” Mr. Liu wrote at the time on WeChat, a popular messaging app.
How I get to do that now?
DANIELLE I was like, how are we going to take off our clothes?
Bill Lee, the state’s Republican governor, spoke immediately after Birx and declined to commit to issuing a statewide mandate.
I said, you know, where did you hear that?
“Yeah, fire is just a bit devastating.”
Her mother, Yesenia Zamudio, has never believed the fall was an accident or a suicide attempt, as the local authorities suggested at the time of the tragedy.
and its players’ union agreed on Thursday to postpone playoff games scheduled for Thursday and Friday, to protest the shooting of a Black man by a white police officer in Kenosha, Wis.
As an experiment, he regularly asks the 80 undergraduates and grad students in his “Truth, Trust and Tech” course to spend 15 minutes looking for misinformation in their social media feeds, primarily Instagram, a platform with a young demographic.
Jenny, you make an accusation.
But the tone of the trading was tentative.
Just last year, in a move he championed, the museum sold a Mark Rothko painting for $50.1 million and used the money to acquire works by women and people of color including Frank Bowling, Alma Thomas, Sam Gilliam and Mickalene Thomas.
Government censors black out portions of transcripts of public hearings before they are posted on the military commissions website, which is adorned with the motto, “Fairness Transparency Justice.” Witnesses from the prison, including lawyers and some commanders, testify anonymously.
Endless streams of migrant workers have trudged hundreds of miles back to their villages, hoping to rely on their families and farms to survive.
Dr. Scott Gottlieb, former director of the Food and Drug Administration, said on Sunday that the government should enlist private companies to distribute a vaccine once it is developed.
ever raised in a single month in 2016.
“We can go to Disneyland in the middle of the week.
Mr. Toobin later called to confirm she’d gotten his message — “usually someone takes me to dinner first,” she told him — and told her he was back together with his wife.
From this artistic and cultural epicenter, Van Eyck developed an unprecedented new painting style, which saw the flat signs of Gothic painting give way to exquisite illusions of bodies in real spaces.
This series is designed to put names and faces to the numbers.
Each time his oncologists adjusted his cancer treatment, the infectious-disease doctors had to recalibrate his H.I.V.
And the Biden campaign spokesman Andrew Bates referred to a news media report that noted the Trump campaign’s encouragement of absentee voting despite the president’s language.
I watched him disappear down the dappled neon street.
“This is about saving lives,” Mr. Inslee said.
Cuando Haase piensa en la votación de noviembre, espera que más personas puedan votar por correo y que ser proactivo sea recompensado.
20 years from now, I’d hope society has progressed even further.
But they have also been a curse, effectively closing the state’s biggest industry.
The Mini Crossword: Here is today’s puzzle.
“It was a long time ago,” said Mr. Kingma, who, some 70 years after working as a P.H.A., can still make you want to tell him everything moments after getting on the phone with him.
Compared to other first-world countries that are trying to find financial assistance for the global pandemic response, “the United States had extra money to spend,” Mr. Charny said.
Instead he’s onstage in its pebble-paved parking lot, where the capacity is 56, with social distancing.
In this new way of questioning, the justices ask a couple questions each, in order of seniority.
What are you curious about that comes from what you notice in the graphs?
It happened time zones away.
In Marietta, Ga., this weekend, Republican voters questioned Ronna McDaniel, the national party chairwoman, about why they should invest “money and time” in a runoff election that some see as already rigged against them.
A critique of Gen X conservatism that started from this framework wouldn’t accuse my cohort of nostalgia for the racial or religious landscape of the 1950s; we don’t remember it, and we don’t want it to return.
The team administered the 24-item questionnaire to three groups of people: one with a diagnosis of a psychotic disorder, like schizophrenia; the siblings of members of this first group, who had no such diagnosis; and a control group of unrelated people who had no history of mental-health problems.
Jagjit Singh Srai, head of the Center for International Manufacturing at the University of Cambridge, said he predicted that most major consumer companies would have a customization operation within five years.
He takes her apples and sells them for personal profit, removes her branches so he can build a house, and chops down her trunk so he can build a boat and sail away.
— Lorraine Duffy Merkl Read all recent entries and our submissions guidelines.
might reconsider the number of broadcast personnel allowed in the park.
But we should still seek after them, because if there is any message Christians can carry from Good Friday and Easter to a world darkened by a plague, it’s that meaningless suffering is the goal of the devil, and bringing meaning out of suffering is the saving work of God.
“Historically, they just put them in their villas and didn’t let them out,” she said of previous detentions of female royals.
After he announced in November 2015 that he would retire at the end of that season, opponents paid tribute to him everywhere he played, one of the grandest farewell tours in league history.
Next door is a boneyard, with cranes jutting into the sky.
“It’s been difficult for us to understand that we have rights,” said Xaviera Jessurun, a Surinamese business consultant and political activist who supports Mr. Coutinho.
The footage was horrifying, Mr. Shields said.
Traditionally, the group that is seated on the platform includes the president and vice president and their families; the president-elect and vice president-elect and their families; the chief justice and associate justices of the Supreme Court; former presidents; the diplomatic corps; cabinet members and nominees; members of Congress; governors; the Joint Chiefs of Staff; and other guests, according to the joint committee.
(Reuters) Politics and policy How Christine Lagarde is doing as president of the European Central Bank, a year into her tenure.
Shortly before the 9 p.m. curfew there, protesters cleared out of the downtown square that has been a central gathering point for demonstrations.
Prepared by Nunes and his dramaturge, Matthias Günther, the piece both distills and subverts the original texts in 125 densely packed minutes.
Founded in 1988 in two once-dilapidated buildings, the museum offers tours of the restored tenement rooms as well as a permanent collection of artifacts, including document fragments, photographs and furniture.
Cómo todavía no encontraba la tranquilidad que descubrí ese día en el otro lado del mundo.
In October, when Britain’s politicians were still deadlocked over Brexit, many people suspected Banksy played a role in the timely auction of his 2009 painting, “Devolved Parliament.” Offered by an anonymous private collector, the monumental Victorian-style painting shows an animated debate in the British Parliament conducted entirely by chimpanzees.
“In my Oval Office, me casa, you casa,” Mr. Biden joked, drawing chuckles from the others.
Compounding the confusion is how little information is available about the program.
She attended the British printmaker William Stanley Hayter’s Atelier 17 workshop there, becoming immersed in European modernism, including abstraction.
On the right side of the living room, a staircase leads to the second floor.
“I think everybody should be treated the same way,” he said.
The wife had been wearing a head scarf at the time, transportation officials said.
The stakes, if anything, are greater now as the world rushes to produce a coronavirus vaccine.
Just 1 percent of Protestant pastors say they have endorsed a candidate from the pulpit this year, according to a survey conducted this fall by LifeWay Research, which is affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention.
Among her biggest recent critics is Donald Trump Jr.
Their immune systems got rid of it.
It came as the administration was taking its first substantive steps to confront the crisis but during a period in which the president was also playing down the risks.
The show requires a separate timed ticket, which can be purchased online or at the Met.
“We all sort of looked at each other and said, ‘Uh oh.’” There was an upside to Ms. Palin’s rise.
There is a fundamental disagreement on “governance,” with Europe regarding the European Court of Justice as its ultimate authority and Britain saying that its Parliament and courts must remain supreme.
What’s the future of this in six months, a year and even beyond that?
Last month, Mark Zuckerberg, the chief executive of Facebook, specifically mentioned a bleach “cure” as an example of “misinformation that has imminent risk of danger.” “Things like, ‘You can cure this by drinking bleach,’” he said.
Well-intentioned efforts like limiting access to huge portions of sugar-sweetened soda, the scientists note, are effectively thwarted by well-heeled industries able to dwarf the impact of educational efforts by health departments that have minuscule budgets by comparison.
Piaget presented an array of métiers d’art timepieces, among them the Ecstatic Dance with a dial in a delicate marquetry of straw, mother-of-pearl, leather, parchment and wood, crafted by Ms. Saneuil.
I love it when it is like this — silent, still, no movement, just me, my thoughts, my daily devotional.
He later found a job at a subcontractor that executes orders for one of the Indian exporters that helped create Utthan.
Proceeds are to help support the families of health care workers who have lost their lives during the pandemic.
But in a few billion years the sun will engulf and destroy us.
And he shared his internet service — which was built atop a premium broadband internet package from Comcast and a state-of-the-art home Wi-Fi network — with his wife, who was also working at home, and their two children, who at times streamed movies.
If the percentage of tests coming back positive is low, it gives us more confidence that we are not missing a lot of infections.
I stand with Black Lives Matter and against anti-Black racism, but still, as I watched the obligatory scene of Vietnamese soldiers getting shot and killed for the thousandth time, and as I felt the same hurt I did in watching “Platoon” and “Rambo” and “Full Metal Jacket,” I thought: Does it make any difference if politically conscious Black men kill us?
“Anyone that starts to gather, they’re going to be told to move along,” he said.
As the country now declares a state of emergency in the face of a worrisome rise in cases, medical experts are wondering whether the move on Tuesday has come just in time to avoid calamity, or is too little, too late.
It threw Mr. Trump’s faith in his own instincts into conflict with the careful, evidence-based approach of scientists like Dr. Fauci, who has held his position since the presidency of Ronald Reagan.
The Dayan brothers were not among them.
Los migrantes de Samos dijeron que lo único que quieren es salir de la isla.
“I haven’t taken the subway since March 23.” The weather dictates his commute.
Outdoor space: The house has a covered front porch and a small rear deck that steps down to a brick patio and the yard.
State sports officials had reversed course, allowing a shortened football season in the fall.
Some bacteria and viruses have lipid membranes that resemble double-layered micelles with two bands of hydrophobic tails sandwiched between two rings of hydrophilic heads.
I guess it worked for him.
You can even dictate rather than type, and use any of your devices.
During the next two decades, this became her pattern: She’d leave home, whether to attend Reed College in Oregon or work in faraway fish canneries, and return with reams of songs about statehood devotion.
The announcement came just a day after a well-regarded poll reported that she had slid into fourth place in the presidential race.
Greg Abbott mandated a single ballot drop-box per county — including the increasingly Democratic Harris County, population 4.7 million.
You know, people in the U.S. were still flying all over the country.
In an Op-Ed published in The New York Times this month, Jay Carney, who runs the company’s communications and policy teams, argued that Amazon used its scale for good.
Unemployment benefits have lapsed for millions of Americans because President Trump has not signed a $900 billion pandemic relief bill.
“Chambers” and “The Wind in High Places” were perfect in this setting — faint, glassy, slowly glinting and softly flittering, like the crickets and birds audible in the woods around the Morris Museum.
He faces up to 29 years behind bars, though he was acquitted of the two most serious charges, predatory sexual assault.
With a dependence on the drug, individuals will continue to utilize it upon release, thus continuing the cycle.
Either way, the Ellingtons’ property taxes may be higher than those for equivalent homes in surrounding towns.
He recalls driving his Ferrari F40 to a meet in England, and watching as another owner trailered his car in, unloaded it for display on AstroTurf mats and then trailered it home.
Should my ear-piercing stay in?
Gavin Newsom announced on Tuesday, capping months of intense political jockeying among Democratic factions in the state.
The queens, who don’t fly in cold weather, will fall down with it.
Mr. Kelley said that he’s noticed that a lot of younger people tend to register this way.
“This is why you come back,” Watt said.
There are 32 new millionaires, it’s like a sports lottery.
“You take those symbols away, and people are going to feel stressed, and a sense of loss.
The time was right to go solo, he added, because of the changing relationship between readers and media outlets.
Mr. Esper’s memo on Friday did not address the issue of bases named after Confederate generals; one senior military official said this week that the Pentagon would wait until after the November election before further raising the issue.
He went to an optometrist for documentation to prove that he was blind.
Tech stocks have been rallying on the view that giant companies like Amazon, Apple, and Microsoft will emerge from the coronavirus pandemic with even more power than they had before it began.
“This episode has been traumatic and disruptive to many young people and led them to reflect on their experience and future prospects,” said Xueguang Zhou, a sociologist at Stanford University who has written about the Chinese government.
In effect, Mr. Bloomberg’s policing record — one of his greatest liabilities as voters begin to appraise him at the ballot box — may have clouded the other accomplishments that form the strongest case for his bid as president, in areas like education, public health and good government.
Una junta independiente de expertos analizó cuántas de esas personas recibieron la vacuna y cuántas el placebo.
The latest listed entry is dated March 2019.
“That was before they had a cluster,” he said.
By contrast, implicitly suggesting that there is something shameful or risky about being queer can bleed over into our own feelings about ourselves.
(NYT) Tech Denis Villeneuve, the director of Warner Bros.’ “Dune,” is the latest Hollywood figure to criticize WarnerMedia’s decision to release movies simultaneously in theaters and on HBO Max.
The original plan was to have string players and percussionists wear protective masks — but after the first rehearsal, according to an orchestra spokeswoman, health authorities allowed the musicians to perform without masks so long as they wore them backstage.
The emphasis is on comfort level in the courtroom.
Those hot drawings scalded an impression onto my tender, young queer brain fairly early on.
In other developments: India reported 97,894 new coronavirus infections on Thursday, its highest one-day increase.
Zabihullah Mujahid, a spokesman for the Taliban, said the group was not behind the assault on the prison, which holds about 1,500 inmates.
George stated that this was not the first time someone complained about Dr. Amin, and she said that she would look into whether Nancy could see a different provider,” the lawyer wrote.
Five other league personnel tested positive as well.
“To apply deadly force to that action is totally and just completely senseless and uncalled for.” The driver, he said, had other options, including addressing the children or driving a short distance to a police station.
As in his documentaries about climate change, “Chasing Ice” and “Chasing Coral,” Orlowski takes a reality that can seem too colossal and abstract for a layperson to grasp, let alone care about, and scales it down to a human level.
Ms. Désir sets calendar invitations for herself, so she knows she has allotted time in her schedule for her runs.
Size: 3,300 square feet Price per square foot: $333 Indoors: Among the many improvements are updated heating and central cooling systems and a new cedar-shake roof.
It’s been both entertainment and social guide, teaching me the language and the ways of thinking I needed to move fluidly, more or less, from one environment to another.
The houses were required to have safe living plans in place before opening for the fall, “but many of those plans are proving to be ineffective in adequately providing for the health and safety of the students living in the houses,” the college said in a statement Thursday.
A law signed by the governor of Utah in 2015 states that a firing squad shall be used to execute an inmate if substances for lethal injection are unavailable on the scheduled date.
Some Depression-era habits have been lost, while others have been passed down, again and again, like an inheritance of the previous generation’s values and anxieties.
Nearly 70 percent of employers ranked the reopening as one of the three most important issues determining their employees’ return to the office, according to a recent survey conducted by a business group, the Partnership for New York City.
“ الفساد ليس ٠عضلة سياسية أساسية فحسب، بل هو أكبر ٠سبب لل٠شاكل الأ٠نية التي يتوجب علينا ٠واجهتها” وفق ٠ا أخبرتني به سارا تشايس في شهر أيار.
“I saw the inside of that steel mill, and I said there is no way I want to work there for my career,” he told his biographer, Mark Seal.
Within a few years, Kalasatama is expected to have eight skyscrapers from 32 to 37 floors in height.
And that’s a lot of trained respiratory technicians and things.
In a video conference call on Tuesday, Leitao estimated that of the team’s 30-plus practices this preseason, there have been “half a dozen with everybody in the gym.” Because about half the roster consists of new players, Leitao said it had been a challenge to build the team’s chemistry and identity.
The Iowa poll gave Mr. Yang his second qualifying mark, but it was not enough to get him into the debate.
“We hit the Lotto,” Ms. Martini said.
Fried fish and shrimp are the specialties at this Southern cafe, but there’s also crisp fried chicken, along with other styles of chicken.
Yields on government bonds have fallen to record lows in recent days, meaning the government can borrow money at little cost.
“We will not tolerate tearing up our cities, our communities,” she said, according to The Dallas Morning News.
A student I followed on Instagram sent me instructions on how to sew my own face mask.
That’s enough to keep up with current demand but there are potential bottlenecks: Parts of the test are conducted manually, and supplies that come from outside vendors may become scarce.
Along with Moderna, Merck, Pfizer and Johnson & Johnson are based in the United States.
Confer with your medical provider before starting any course of exercise.
Photo assistants: Eduardo Silva and Matt Baffa.
“I was a little nervous about that, because it wasn’t like we were so far ahead that we could afford it.” Hamilton said he would personally spend this week focused on more recent history, looking at tape of Florida State games this season.
Haz ese ciclo dos veces, luego ponte boca abajo y respira un poco más profundo durante diez minutos.
“The answer’s yes, but I think everybody has their own sets of problems,” he said.
“Once digital arrived,” he said, “the learning curve was drastically foreshortened.
About Student Opinion • Find all our Student Opinion questions in this column.• Have an idea for a Student Opinion question?
Halfway through her stay, he confessed his feelings for her.
And he’d been very unspectacularly ill over the weekend, so it could have been anything.
He maintained a tight grip on society through the police and the intelligence services, an approach that ultimately led to his downfall.
When Jessica told her parents what was happening, they never returned.
The Upper West Side hotel, the Lucerne, which used to offer valet parking and spa services to tourists during pre-pandemic times, is one of 63 hotels the city has temporarily used as shelters to help prevent the spread of coronavirus at dormitory-style shelters.
It’s really difficult to know where in one’s body to hold the immensity of death during this time.
Recientemente, en una serie de protestas a nivel nacional se había solicitado la renuncia de los dirigentes políticos de Líbano.
The compensation for the bombing victims is complicated by the need for Congress to restore Sudan’s sovereign immunity, a legal principle that prevents a government from being sued.
The mentality of safetyism adopted by some lockdown proponents makes it difficult to alter course, even when doing so might save lives.
The United States, however, has not.
Dividing into Team Trump and Team Biden, the group ran various scenarios about counting ballots and the litigation and protests and violence that could follow a contested election result.
“This will be the first time his supporters are able to take part in the process that begins his re-election,” said Tim Murtaugh, a Trump campaign spokesman.
It began in the early days of the pandemic in March, when someone lit a fire inside a subway car that killed the train operator and injured 16 others.
The longer that vaccines are tested before being released, the likelier they are to be safe and effective.
“Working with beads is a connection to an ancient struggle, a struggle I did not know,” she said in a talk several years ago at the Corning Museum of Glass in upstate New York.
The utility said its primary focus had been to keep electricity rates as low as possible.
“You know how they say men don’t listen?” he said.
Those sorts of stories just play into the Trumpian narrative that the media can’t be trusted.
Kashyap Patel, an aide in the director’s office who was transferred last month from the White House, is involved in the review, according to people familiar with the matter.
I used to resent when she would share pictures and stories of the children she cared for, but gradually I realized she needed to discuss her work like anyone with a full-time job.
The musical has since become a widely acknowledged classic, and many of the aspiring stars who worked on the original production remember that time fondly, as a wonderful dream they all woke up from prematurely.
But the founders did not say it with an unhappy, bitter laugh.
The same person was also listed on a FedEx account that was used to send the test kits people ordered from Mr. Gindt, and that person received two bank deposits in March that were connected to the lab scheme, the complaint said.
Since he works nights, I try to make sure he gets enough rest during the day.
As part of that review, states must look at the costs of raising children when considering support.
A warning to the West: Mr. Putin’s warning that Russia could intervene to restore order, said Nina Khrushcheva, a Russia expert at the New School in New York, signaled less “full-throated support for Lukashenko than a message to the West: If you keep pushing on Belarus, you will have another Ukraine on your hands.” China fired a barrage of medium-range missiles across considerable distances into the disputed waters — a move aimed at demonstrating its strategic dominance, a U.S. defense official said.
One of those early investors was Jeffrey Picower, who was later implicated in the Bernie Madoff scandal, a much larger Ponzi scheme.
They would keep paying their employees and help break the chain of coronavirus transmission.
He says the marketing idea didn’t attract any local families into the school.
So Ms. Oseko, 39, is spending much of her time sitting in the Delaware hotel room where she has lived since her landlord kicked her out at the end of July, applying for jobs on her phone while watching the debate play out on the local news.
It would be impressive under most circumstances, but Louis, 27, who shot to global fame with his novelistic memoir “The End of Eddy,” had never acted professionally before.
Time to sing along with Mitch.
But some start-ups are thriving and investors continue to pour money in.
A clinic in the Moscow district of Mitino shut down last week after the head doctor infected several patients.
That statistic has helped galvanize the left, prompting lawmakers and other Democrats to call for a complete overhaul of how America thinks about taxation.
Anneloes Officier believes that her household in Amsterdam started this spontaneous wave of imitative works.
“The impact of not having any tourism in the summer would bring Greece, Italy and Spain to an economic situation like they experienced in the Great Recession,” Mr. Pradelski said.
My favorite are a pair from Fenty, whose denim inserts complement the bold frame.
Now, clubs accustomed to the unyielding loyalty of fans have managed to alienate even their most ardent followers.
Plato, paraphrasing Sophocles, equated it with freedom: “When the passions relax their hold … we are freed from the grasp not of one mad master, only, but of many.” Perhaps this comforting illusion will be another casualty of the Trump era.
It was a message to the world that she was a mother and a wife, and created a symbol of strength and style.
Perhaps the most well-known benchmark is 98.6 degrees, which many people, including physicians and public health agencies, consider to be a baseline.
The collapse of the ruble, in 2014, as well as the rise of the Chinese Super League, brought to an end the era of Russian teams’ recruiting world-class talent through sheer financial muscle.
SoftBank unveiled a tech-heavy stock portfolio.
But many working parents are unsure about how to ease back into their professional lives when their young children still can’t go to school.
One of the promises of a potential Sanders presidency is that it would offer a true correction to the laissez-faire era that Ronald Reagan began.
I realized my friends in the United States read only the headlines about the coronavirus but knew nothing about the stories behind them.
Sister McGowan was known for a quick sense of humor.
But I know you have it.
Two of the nation’s wealthiest and most powerful football conferences abandoned their plans to play this fall over coronavirus concerns, a move that fractured the season and promised repercussions far beyond the playing field, even as other top leagues were publicly poised to begin games next month.
In two multicenter studies published in 2015 and 2018, 23 and 38 percent of babies born at 22 weeks and given intensive care survived to hospital discharge.
He owes months of back rent and says he is worried it is only a matter of time before he has to close the shop.
In the 2012 final of the Queen’s Club tournament in London, the Argentine David Nalbandian kicked a wooden box that was sitting in front of a seated line judge into his shin, bloodying the man’s leg.
guidelines, posted on Monday, amended the agency’s guidance to say that people who had been in close contact with an infected individual — typically defined as being within six feet of a person with the coronavirus and for at least 15 minutes — “do not necessarily need a test” if they do not have symptoms.
On the eve of the election, the Communist Party’s main journal, Qiushi, or “Seeking Truth,” published a speech Mr. Xi delivered in April outlining his strategy.
A year after graduating she started her first band, the Melody Girls.
Standing before the jury on Friday, Ms. Illuzzi sought to counter that narrative, arguing that Mr. Weinstein purposefully maintained ties with his victims to keep them under his control.
And I feel weird, because we lost that feeling.
“I don’t anticipate these adding up to enough to save the theater.” For the children’s theater, which has already had to let go of three full-time positions and cancel the remainder of its seven-play season, resulting in a loss of work for dozens of people, survival will mean designing a patchwork of different funding sources — including city, county and federal assistance, as well as private donations, he said.
Those are very low counts for a nation of 115 million people, but the numbers are rising and many cases go undetected by the country’s sparse testing.
At one point, Catalina declares: “Chappy, I know what I have to do!” To which he replies: “You’re gonna dress up like a badger and move into my cellar?” As if this weren’t enough, Lipton peppers the show with terrific music — those who caught such previous hybrid-genre shows as “The Outer Space” know how good a music-maker he is.
In 2016, Iran shipped out of the country 97 percent of its stockpile of uranium fuel, enough to make more than 14 weapons.
Still, Mr. Sonenshein said, “Lots of surprises are possible.” [Read more from Politico about which Californians might be tapped for the Biden-Harris administration.]
She often played bingo with her friend Ms. McKenna, who was paralyzed on one side from a stroke.
So big tech stocks — and the people who own them — are riding high because investors believe that they’ll do very well in the long run.
The protests against the government are a striking turnaround for Iran’s leaders.
The team did not sound its Gjallarhorn, which it blows to fire up fans, at Sunday’s game.
The city’s Department of Health and Mental Hygiene is vowing to expand its own capacity to conduct tests.
On a trip around town, he spotted a building within Shelter Cove Harbor, a newly developed upscale waterfront community, with bright orange awnings over the door and windows.
He frets about the growing number of confirmed cases in the United States.
The Century Foundation, a nonpartisan think tank with a focus on reducing inequality, looked specifically at the disproportionality of IDEA, recommending in a report last year that policymakers require that income status be reported, as a way to better assure that children with disabilities are treated equally in how they are disciplined, identified and placed.
“We think all the time about how to do better,” Mr. Abrams said.
Tom Sawyer, the Democratic House minority leader, said he did not believe most voters in the 37th district, in Wyandotte County, knew about Mr. Coleman’s past.
“And I respect that.” At around 5 p.m. that day, Sammy Frisz was pushing his giggling 22-month-old son on a swing at Mauro Park in Queens, when a city parks employees put a padlock on a nearby gate and told Mr. Frisz he had to leave through a different gate because the playground was being closed.
After I practiced, my arm was hanging around my feet.” But he said he made a fatal error.
It would create not simply a fissure but a chasm in the nation’s politics and government, telling his tens of millions of supporters as well as his congressional backers to reject Biden’s presidency.
But what if artists like us could plan something bigger?
By another standard, bats are more diverse even than rodents if you consider the variousness of their ecological, physiological and behavioral traits, as well as the sheer count of species.
His Twitter feed since the election — he has made precious few appearances or official statements during this time — has been an unprecedented attack on election integrity and the voting franchise as a whole.
“More than any other social network since Myspace it feels like a new experience, the emergence of a different kind of technology and a different mode of consuming media,” the journalist Kyle Chayka wrote in November.
Dec. 31 Faryab Province: four police officers killed The Taliban attacked a security outpost in the center of Gorziwan District, killing four police officers and wounding five others.
“Definitely my favorite court and my favorite stadium in the world,” Djokovic said after the mood-swinging final, which lasted 3 hours 59 minutes.
But as more and more hopeful hints have emerged this week — from Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the nation’s leading expert on infectious diseases, and from Gov.
During those weeks, the staff at the nursing home where he lived assured his family that he showed no symptoms of Covid-19 and, according to a lawsuit filed by his children, failed to ensure that he received proper medical care.
Within days of her last shift as a caregiver, Ms. Aya became a patient.
1½ pounds sugar snap peas or Romano beans 1 large white onion (roughly chopped) 3-5 garlic cloves (crushed) 2 tomatoes 2 tablespoons tomato paste 1½ cups water 1 teaspoon sugar 1 teaspoon smoked salt Pinch of black pepper ¼ cup olive oil (to drizzle over finished dish) Plain Greek yogurt (optional) 1.
If “not working” means your child isn’t eating kale yet, or still prefers carbohydrates to most other foods, it may be time to adjust your own expectations.
My assortment would have small pieces of baklava, macaroons, brigadeiro, cannoli, rugelach, florentines.
More and more, in interviews in recent years, he has taken to insisting that all he’s ever really been interested in was opportunistically grabbing attention by being outrageous.
I was cold and angry and a liar.
I haven’t done anything wrong.
Outdoor space: Off the lower level is a paved patio with room for a dining table.
“Stretching is the new exercising,” I told strangers at parties.
Zoom, the videoconferencing app that has gone from little known to ubiquitous during the pandemic, recently announced that it was opening a research and development office — full of the higher-paid software engineers that tech companies usually place in the Bay Area, Seattle and New York — in the Phoenix area.
also requires some employers to give employees pumping breaks, which may or may not be paid, and to provide a place to pump that isn’t a bathroom, has a door that closes and is “free from intrusion from coworkers and the public.” Many states have laws requiring additional accommodations, such as requiring employers to at least try to provide a pumping area close to an employee’s work space.
Having a COP soon would help influence global recovery plans.” The British letter gave a nod to those concerns by saying that “Covid-19 economic recovery is an opportunity to build more sustainable and inclusive economies and societies.” The United Nations announced in April that the talks, originally scheduled for mid-November this year, would be delayed but did not give a new date.
It is precisely in the face of such hard truths that a national strategy and leadership are crucial.
El acuerdo, gestionado por Impactt, una consultoría en Londres, establecía objetivos para las exportadoras indias, que por lo general tienen sus propias fábricas.
I have tremendous respect for Pete’s service as an analyst, but analysts don’t make decisions.” Mr. Buttigieg has often invoked his military service.
“The consensus was that Tony had to sand off the rough edges,” said retired Col. Thomas Hobbs, who was at amphibious warfare school with Colonel Henderson and who spoke with people involved in Colonel Henderson’s last promotion board.
American and Afghan officials have identified Mr. Azizi as a key middleman believed to have handed out Russian money to Taliban-linked fighters for targeting coalition troops in Afghanistan.
The share of first-timers, which hovered around 31 percent in 2018 and 2019, increased to about 34 percent during the spring and summer of 2020, according to a National Association of Realtors survey report.
More typical Wiseman moments are less explosive, though.
— Julia Norton, Glenbard West [W]ho wants to look at someone’s “feed” if it’s all sad?
“Only it turned out later that I was wrong.” He also shed light on what his life has been like since being released from the hospital in Germany, and described his daily routine as “monotonous.” “I train every day — otherwise I do nothing,” he said.
My line of questioning was simple: Tell me about the nuclear material you were transporting.
Au début de cette année, Gabriel Matzneff affirmait ne pas regretter son prix, même s’il avait mené à un cataclysme — “non, pas du tout” disait-il.
Ms. Klobuchar pointed out that her husband, a law professor, does their family’s tax returns himself.
Swirling her glass of wine, she remains puzzled and furious at the blithe acceptance of this apocalyptic event by her feckless husband, Bruce, a wealth manager, and her standard-issue Manhattan leisure-class coterie: the bickering artsy couple, the hanger-on magazine editor with no money, the diffident gay decorator.
“And if we take iconic models like Nautilus of Patek Philippe, it is on a bracelet.” So, he said, “we have the potential to take the market share on bracelets and allow us to grow.” Mr. Guadalupe also sees growth for Hublot in China (something that Mr. Weber of Vontobel echoed).
Most of us feel starved for that contact right now.
I spoke to the patient a week after he started the steroid cream.
He has considered welcoming a small number of customers on a reservation-only basis, but so far hasn’t figured out how to reopen in a way that would both be safe and not cost him even more than staying closed.
Motor vehicle offices and registration drives remove those roadblocks, which is why they are crucial to increasing the voter rolls.
“The army is neutral,” growled Gen. Saïd Chengriha, a grizzled veteran of the country’s 1990s civil war with the Islamists.
But they are more convenient, since you don’t have to worry about stirring them.
And without subsidies, private child care can be prohibitively expensive.
Nobody she knew had contracted the virus, she said.
Bryant’s ties to Latinos also extended beyond his professional life: With his wife, Vanessa, he has raised four black Mexican-American daughters in Southern California.
The uproar escalated when, on Christmas Eve, the production company responsible for the film was the target of a firebomb attack.
This was the case long before a mysterious virus forced us indoors for safety or obliged us to conceal half our faces behind masks.
Susanna Helene Guffey and Ross Wilson Brady didn’t meet the first time they crossed paths.
Wednesday’s theme — best laid plans — is particularly resonant.
fined the Las Vegas Raiders $500,000 and their head coach, Jon Gruden, an additional $150,000 for repeated violations of the league’s coronavirus protocols.
should consider shutting down the subway for a few hours every night.
A few blocks away, when Deborah Berkowitz’s 6-year-old son swooped in for a hug, she flinched.
After that drop, Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 index was down 9.3 percent midmorning.
Assumpta Bassas (1965, Barcelona, España) y Rosa Martínez (1955, Soria, España) pintaron en 2019 “Persiana de luz materna”, una obra en la que una estrella destaca entre las nebulosas de nuestra galaxia.
The Gainsborough was still occupied mostly by artists, not only rich people.
I said, I don’t want to do anything with these paintings.” Ultimately, he and his co-conspirator, Henk Bieslijn, sold the paintings to Mr. Imperiale, who owned an Amsterdam coffee shop and was a leader of the Camorra drug ring in Naples.
He’s a one‐man Goings On About Town.)
“The whole school was involved in our relationship the entire time we were there, that’s just the kind of school it was,” Ms. Markovitz said.
Yet fusionism is much more than an outdated policy checklist.
For the Rhode Island quarter, he was proud to receive Numismatics Magazine’s award for best trade coin of 2001, an honor he likened to winning “the Emmy Award of coins.” Others have felt inspired by the visuals of the coins.
I don’t really have time for project cooking these days, but I am looking to inject something new into our rotation.
Trump entonces hizo algo que ningún otro presidente ha hecho.
Hence what could be called the practice of “extraterritorial” investigations — a longstanding feature of Chinese journalism.
The stool-based tests are noninvasive and can be done at home, but must be done more frequently.
of Jefferies, in “20 Things I Wish Someone Told Me The Day I Started My Career As An Analyst On Wall Street” The Affordable Care Act is up for debate at the Supreme Court today.
And yet, those broad shoulders may read well in a meeting room or podium, but on a small screen they just look desperate, as if you are trying to hard to dominate — the living room?
The most recent, on Thursday, showed far more loans of $150,000 or less going through the system than a report three days earlier.
Snapshot: Above, prison inmates dig a fire line on the LNU Lightning Complex fire in Aetna Springs, Calif., on Saturday.
She singled out Mr. Biden’s son, Hunter, for having served on the board of a Ukrainian gas company while his father was vice president and deeply involved in Ukraine policy, an alleged conflict of interest that has been widely covered in the news media.
Most customers who appear in Mr. Alwan’s videos are longtime regulars who have been known to take advantage of an unwritten honor code common to bodegas: Loyal shoppers can grab a few necessities on credit, with the understanding that they will settle up later.
Fill out the appropriate online forms and Mask Match will verify the identities of health care workers before making any matches.
She’d spent her childhood camping out with her mom, studying field guides and identifying plants and birds.
In Japan, more than a million posts on Twitter recently demanded that Prime Minister Shinzo Abe resign over his handling of the outbreak.
He seems to take as many shots as he gives, and by the end of the film his black coat is thoroughly dusted with white; you can see the snowballs’ impact blasts as clearly as bullet holes.
Recently retired and widowed, she cautiously checks the peephole before opening to find Mario, one of the Mexican workers at a neighboring dairy farm, on her doorstep — “his soft brown skin unusual in pale-faced Vermont.” He’s short enough that Antonia towers over him, and “for a moment she understands the self-assurance of those who can look down at another’s face.” Mario has come to clean Antonia’s gutters, and the two chat casually in their native language.
Cette petite place de village était presque vide, et un Parisien inquiet m’a arrêté pour me demander si je ne prenais pas trop de risque en me déplaçant en vélo.
“So I’m very grateful for the opportunity to play in front of millions of people watching on TV, unfortunately not here.” Osaka will rise to No.
For now, Shanghai Disneyland will offer an evening castle show but no fireworks.
The answer is far from simple.
team led by Dr. McCarthy presented the first results of the Reach Vet system.
* I’m delighted to announce that my 2020 win-a-trip winner, who will travel with me and report for The New York Times, is Maddie Bender of Yale University.
Click on the slide show to see this week’s featured properties: On the Upper West Side: a three-bedroom, three-bath combination of two apartments with high ceilings and large rooms on the first floor of a prewar doorman building across the street from Riverside Park.
As soldiers arrived on Monday, clad in camouflage uniforms and clutching riot shields labeled “military police” to reinforce the line of crowd control officers guarding Lafayette Square yards from the White House, the crowd of about 400 protesters responded with verbal taunts.
I’m not trying to say there aren’t Minnesotans amongst this group,” Mr. Walz said.
He was just 15 when he became an apprentice; it was in the early 1950s, a period when scores of apprentices — in distinctive jackets of colors that indicated their company and level of training — could be spotted all over the area running errands and making deliveries to various workshops.
“Over the weeks ahead culminating on Election Day, we need to vote as if our lives and our livelihoods, our liberties depend on it because they do.
“He’s negative,” my husband said.
The problems here should be obvious.
said, adding that updated language would be posted when it was completed.
downtown early Christmas morning, parked it near an AT&T transmission facility on Second Avenue North and then detonated the bomb it carried.
That could have been a default in the year Djokovic went on to win his only French Open.
Prime Minister Scott Morrison announced that a third Australian Navy ship, the Adelaide, would be used to evacuate people.
The mission accomplished is when it’s over.
“It’s sad to say, but it’s absolutely gorgeous there,” said Ronnit Bendavid-Val, the director of horticulture at the garden.
But OK, you find the button to create a reel.
They would then vote on whether to toss out the electoral results of the state in question.
“I almost instantly knew that this would affect us,” Mr. Sahin said.
“And we will continue to insist, and I believe ultimately the court will find, that biology is not bigotry.” Transgender legal advocacy groups have already begun to mobilize.
Because a president should grasp the difference between weather and climate.
Mr. Hall said the storm was likely to thrash small West Australian towns like Karratha and Port Hedland through Sunday before weakening as the weekend tapered off.
00:03:19:23 00:03:23:06 I love you, Marmelade.
Should she have been wearing a face shield, in addition to her mask?
But little did they know that the man handing over the eviction documents, John Hebbring, was homeless himself.
We need extraordinary amounts of investment in cold storage and in supply chains within the region.
Say, in Dubai, and certainly with our project in SoHo, and anywhere in New York.
Markers of sophistication in the city of 430,000 people draw newcomers: an enviable landscape of food, arts and public radio, a robust business and philanthropic community, and a growing diversity boosted by immigrants from East Africa and Asia.
Among the billions of votes cast from 2000 to 2012, there were 491 cases of absentee-ballot fraud, according to an investigation conducted at Arizona State University’s journalism school.
“Everyone on this team looks up to Cespedes because of his ability to play the game and what he has done and the way he carries himself in the clubhouse,” Rojas said.
On Friday, a personal assistant of Mr. Saleh was arrested and was expected to be charged in the grisly killing, according to two officials briefed on the matter.
All night long, the inch-long crustaceans parade along the rocks.
And so that’s why we need to have not just a tactic but a strategy.
He made no mention of the election or the president-elect.
Up until around March of this year, Zoom was enterprise software meant to help businesses communicate.
Requests for comment left for the Army, Air Force, Marine Corps and Coast Guard were not immediately returned.
In his urgent demand on Monday that President Trump condemn his angry supporters who are threatening workers and officials overseeing the 2020 vote, a Georgia elections official focused on an animated image of a hanging noose that had been sent to a young voting-machine technician.
There’s one race Steyer is winning by a mile: the race for eyeballs.
Understanding how the misinformation spreads in any language could prove key in interpreting the election’s results.
You have to if you want to solve this container clue: Insert “R” in a word for “lack of power,” usually caused by a storm or a blackout.
President Trump’s illness from a coronavirus infection last month was the most significant health crisis for a sitting president in nearly 40 years.
Opposite the wall, another interactive exhibit documents how climate changed before human intervention.
The entry by Count Waldstein, a patron, proved prophetic: “With the help of unceasing diligence you will receive the spirit of Mozart from the hands of Haydn.” With Europe’s armies on the march, Beethoven had an eventful journey.
Sign up to get it delivered to your inbox.)
What do you think of Newnan Esports’s efforts to connect with the community?
Second, give gifts that are actually usable.
And lead with the customer top of mind and make decisions on their behalf.”
Secondly, there was another key difference here.
Amy Coney Barrett, President Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, has faced immense scrutiny of her religious beliefs, and we need to be vigilant against any religious bias or discrimination.
The guest judge, Constance Zimmer, a life coach, replied, “Chi Chi, you’re worth it.” Julia Carmel contributed reporting and Jack Begg contributed research.
“We were blown away,” Ms. Rowlett, 30, said.
They told others that they feared he had set the stage for a U.S. attorney in a battleground state to announce an inquiry or take investigative steps that advance Mr. Trump’s debunked narrative that the election was stolen.
Frederick Wiseman, one of America’s greatest, most generous chroniclers, brings you into Boston’s City Hall, where men and women help make a city — and democracy — work.
“One’s a Polaroid, one’s a video,” he said.
Online traffic is as much as 30 percent higher in some regions since the beginning of the pandemic, and households in lockdown are spending many more hours on the unpaid domestic work of cooking, cleaning and child care.
So I think all Americans can be hopeful in the Supreme Court will try hard that that case, when it arises, will be decided on strictly legal grounds.
In an encouraging sign, Erie County’s infection rate has leveled off at around 7 percent in the last few days, indicating that some restrictions are having an effect.
What questions do you still have?
But even foreign politicians sympathetic to the plight of Hong Kong today bear some responsibility for it — if only by dint of their wishful thinking about Beijing’s original intentions.
Richard Wagner: composer, conductor, dramatist, poet, polemicist, anarchist, Teutonic nationalist, anti-Semite, feminist, pacifist, vegetarian, animal rights activist — the man was the walking, talking definition of “protean genius.” His life and his legacy was and remains to this day a continuum in which enchantment, even ravishment, comes hand in hand with provocation and controversy, adoration and loathing.
The Trump administration used a provision of the act to cast aside dozens of laws that protect clean air and water, endangered animals and Indigenous burial grounds to rush wall construction.
Russia is now attempting to help Mr. Trump again this November, according to American intelligence assessments reported in The Times.
Virginia Sole-Smith is the author of “The Eating Instinct: Food Culture, Body Image and Guilt in America,” and co-host of the Comfort Food Podcast
En marzo pasado, después de descubrir que estaba embarazada y consultar a su prometido, llamó a Planned Parenthood.
Even as The Times worked to ensure employees have the equipment they need, it encouraged people to take time to care for themselves and their families.
Scientists gently lifted the cephalopods from an aquarium, dabbed them between the eyes with a bit of glue and some Velcro and stuck on the specs.
Those images showed huge, flame-like protuberances of dust arcing out from the limb of Betelgeuse.
I bring the journalism to you, wherever you might be receiving it.
The entire group is reeling from what happened.
“A lot of original work came out of that group, dealing with the Black experience and based in a Black neighborhood,” Ms. Gautier, 72, said.
The difference between the price at which they sold and the lower purchase price would be their profit.
In it, Luce may have expressed sympathy for the use of political violence.
“That’s basically a flat line, and that is troubling,” Mr. Cuomo said.
Do you talk about it at school or with friends or family?
About Lesson of the Day • Find all of our Lessons of the Day in this column.• Teachers, watch our on-demand webinar to learn how to use this feature in your classroom.
But the corporate norms — which discouraged part-time work and telecommuting — contributed to the attrition of women after becoming parents.
(NYT) Tech • The harassment of a blogger by former eBay employees, as detailed in an indictment, reflects an extreme version of Silicon Valley’s penchant for no-holds-barred reputation management.
The body camera footage does not show this, officers said, because their cameras had fallen onto the grass.
The White House officials said Mr. Trump remained able to carry out his duties.
(Please include your first and last name, as well as the city you’re writing in from, and make sure “Corner Three” is in the subject line.)
But what about brand-new leagues trying to get a toehold in the crowded sports marketplace?
“And you know, when the pope makes a halfway joke, it’s the funniest thing ever, right?” Tolliver said.
His absence will leave the team with a thinner bench than usual.
Protein-based vaccines are licensed for diseases such as hepatitis B and shingles.
Mr. Zuma denies charges of corruption, money laundering and racketeering related to a 1999 arms deal when he was deputy president.
Two other ads take issue with Mr. Biden’s age, selectively editing videos and using popular memes to question his cognitive state, with one ad adopting a campy, faux-horror movie aesthetic.
Consider Abrams: She ended her race for governor but didn’t exactly concede, and still says she won, because of voter suppression on the other side.
“I feel like this nation is definitely headed on the wrong track,” Ms. Bryant, 68, said.
Instead, the plan was to give the Southern District more leverage to squeeze Halkbank to accept a deferred prosecution agreement that included an admission of wrongdoing.
President Trump canceled the part of the Republican National Convention planned for Jacksonville, Fla., where cases have been rising sharply.
And you should absolutely take solace in Tejal Rao’s article about the cooking burnout so many of us are feeling in advance of the holiday.
Officials in Oklahoma and California also reported their highest daily case numbers on Thursday.
The street outside the central London court was crowded on Monday with dozens of supporters banging drums and waving signs with messages including “Don’t Extradite Assange” and “Free Assange.” Vivienne Westwood, a British fashion designer who has long been an outspoken supporter of Mr. Assange, was also in attendance, wearing a soccer jersey and cleats.
In The Atlantic, the writer Michael J. Mooney wrote a tribute to the painter and his enduring appeal.
Original Webinar: You can watch the original, unedited webinar here and download a professional development certificate at the end.
Adam, how are you generally thinking about the historic nature of all of this?
In our country, we were fighting most days.
“We’ll keep the world posted and updated.” [Update: Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson are released from the hospital.]
(In more recent years, since the rites have gained international attention, it has become easier for outsiders to learn when and where rituals will be held.
Rage is the new authenticity.
Anti-China lawmakers in Britain are said to be preparing to try to block efforts by a state-owned Chinese nuclear power company to expand its footprint in Britain.
Their fund-raising link suddenly stopped working.
Experts say the true numbers are probably much higher.
“Last night was a difficult night for our entire community, filled with tragedy,” Chief Taylor said.
They can also be taken before a hearing and ordered to complete the quarantine.
With chapters telling different aspects of this story across numerous regions and historical eras, Mishra supplies readers with material to construct an alternative to the liberal Grand Narrative.
… Lalami shows how our nation’s schizophrenia toward immigrants — Immigrants built this great country!
But it was unclear if any agreement struck between Democrats and the administration would be palatable to Senate Republicans, particularly with lawmakers scheduled to remain in their respective districts and states until early May.
“I’m already stuck in a crowded box in the shelter, I can’t do anything for my health,” he said, looking at the other people standing nearby.
The number of state delegate equivalents per precinct is set in advance, based on the average number of Democratic voters in 2016 and 2018 general elections.
Norimitsu Onishi et Constant Méheut ont enquêté depuis Paris.
“Every drop of wine was like a miracle this year, the viticulture was so hard,” he said.
Security experts coined the attack “Sour Grapes” because they believed it was conducted by Russians out of spite over a ban on Russian athletes.
Mr. Scotti said the floodgates had been designed to defend the city “even in anomalous situations,” and even with high tides reaching nearly 10 feet.
The Marina del Rey office suite was the site of a visual-effects company creating a Dio hologram.
Most recently, Royal Caribbean’s Quantum of the Seas cut short its “cruise to nowhere” and returned to Singapore after an 83-year-old passenger initially tested positive for the virus.
— as well as her sister in Chapel Hill and her boyfriend, and his brother from Chicago to celebrate at an Italian restaurant.
The result: no more visits from the pizza van.
The country’s death toll from the pandemic is the second-highest in Europe after Italy, according to a New York Times database.
One limitation of the study, aside from its small sample size, was the use of unverified self-reported data gathered online.
Migrants gathering during a food distribution.
begins its post-pandemic life, we explore Covid's long-lasting impact on the city.
While Mr. Harrell went off to work as a prop master, his younger brother, Herbert, took over both the department store and the family’s funeral business.
Farmers were burning their crops, ruined by disrupted markets.
It’s been said by every person on the planet at this point, but the single best thing for the global economy is for this virus to be contained.
That was partly because, Lozada-Oliva said, Gatwood sought in her writing to address “her privilege as a white woman — acknowledging who gets to talk about violence and who gets to talk about violence being inflicted on them.” During the Brooklyn performance, Gatwood was greeted with roaring applause when she read “Ode to My Bitch Face,” which is just what it sounds like, and “Ode to the Women of Long Island” (“who / when I show them the knife I carry in my purse / tell me it’s not big enough”).
For two hours, he talked with passion of the homeless and libraries, and of rebuilding that neighborhood in northern Harlem.
I don’t think he can do it.
But when you’re just starting out, it can be hard to knock it off your to-do list because you have so many competing demands — a budding career, rent and student debt, to name just a few.
Prince-Bythewood hasn’t always had the film career she has deserved, but this year, she released the action movie “The Old Guard,” which stars Theron as an immortal fighter who swings a mighty ax.
This year, she brought her daughter, son-in-law and granddaughter with her.
As an event becomes better known, “people start to train for it because there’s some kind of incentive, like fame or money,” he said.
An avowed playboy, he has fathered at least 10 children with eight women.
In that space, a sofa was never just a sofa, but an occasion for free association, a cue to unconscious thoughts and deeper feelings.
La mitad del país vive con un serio malentendido sobre su nivel de ingreso, confusión que comparten ricos y pobres por igual.
Look at the men on this stage.
My mother was dead and my father didn’t seem to mind.
He apparently was billing for shoe inserts that he wasn’t supposed to be billing for.
Because it’s a social media app, it doesn’t require a large commitment of time or energy, but it’s also a visual platform already filled with artists and creators posting images of their work, their inspirations, their pets, and more.
Scott Soha, were suspended on Thursday for conduct unbecoming of police officers in the arrest of Ms. Daniels, city officials said.
And they toppled the Taliban government that was hosting Al Qaeda.
So to salvage the moment, some families are getting creative, turning living rooms, front lawns and residential streets into alternate sites.
Ella puede llamarme como quiera.
Two runoff elections in the state on Jan. 5 could determine which party controls the Senate, and Republicans have grown anxious about the Trump campaign’s legal efforts there possibly affecting those races, which are likely to have low voter turnout.
But that perceptiveness has been lost in part as our dependence on the moon’s glow has waned.
A grandfather was a wizard in the Ku Klux Klan, he told Mr. Brokaw.
Streaming this weekend, the star-studded event (including Bette Midler and Issa Rae) will feature various “elites” speaking to others via screens as they navigate the pandemic and the current political landscape.
De haber llegado a este lugar en mi vida”.
Thirty-two states and the District of Columbia require electors to vote as they had originally promised.
From the beginning, the government covered the cost of the tests.
He interviewed performers on the radio and befriended them.
Toward the end of her speech, Haley cited the aftermath of this event to rebuke Black Lives Matter protesters, contrasting the reaction there with the protests in the wake of the killing of George Floyd.
“In this administration, the surest way to get fired is to do your job,” Mr. King said.
Supporting the Trump administration’s revamping of the rules comes laden with risk, as more than a few liberal critics accuse these feminists of having lost their way.
I’ve begun to suffer from panic attacks.
Basically saying that he was sympathetic to segregation and segregationists.
“I expect & hope that they will be cutting back approximately 10 million barrels,” he said.
The Yankees’ 64th game is scheduled for June 5.
You can buy her the feminist canon for her birthday.
The U.S. is an outlier in permitting the denial of voting rights to people who are former felons, a practice that most likely depresses turnout for Democrats.
Daniel Berger won in a playoff over Collin Morikawa, who missed two short putts.
He applied for unemployment and took some work helping an older woman around the house.
“I learned then that in a hopeless situation, if you keep at it, you can keep at it.” The turning point for GoDaddy was a racy Super Bowl advertisement in 2005 that spoofed the previous year’s Super Bowl halftime show, when the singer Janet Jackson had her famous “wardrobe malfunction.” The ad, which featured a woman in a tight GoDaddy tank top, was supposed to run twice, but Fox pulled the second airing.
Guan Yi, a professor of infectious diseases at the University of Hong Kong, said he was also reassured that the Wuhan government had not reported any new cases in recent days.
While cartel content might be new for most teen TikTokers, according to Ioan Grillo, author of “El Narco: Inside Mexico’s Criminal Insurgency,” online portrayals of narco culture go back more than a decade, when Mexico began ramping up its bloody war against the cartels.
The limited number of tickets that Shanghai Disneyland put on sale for this week sold out within hours, suggesting that people are willing to resume public activities, even without a vaccine.
In a statement from jail earlier this week, one defendant, Vyacheslav Kryukov, a 22-year-old law student who has spent more than two years in pretrial detention, denounced the case as a frame-up by prosecutors aided by the security services.
After all, nothing says “social” like doing your civic duty by filling out a form alone in a booth.
As the financial effects of the Covid-19 pandemic on higher education begin to be felt, many people are wondering why America’s richest universities can’t spend more of the vast sums of wealth they have accumulated to protect their educational missions, and the people who work and study at these schools.
would thrust Coinbase — and by extension, cryptocurrency — further into the mainstream, with regulators, bankers and other trappings of official legitimacy.
Steve Veneziano, a company vice president, declined to comment to The New York Times.
But recently, his country has again become mired in violent upheaval over the status of the Oromo, its largest ethnic group.
But those are not enough to mitigate the risk of entrusting him with stewardship of a franchise.
With the coronavirus sickening thousands more each day, a walk outside is one of the few options for escaping the drumbeat of bad news.
It’s tempting to see in this latest development proof of the virus’s indifference: a foe so powerful it attacks presidents and paupers alike.
So they pulled it off.
This story was originally published on March 5, 2020 on NYT Parenting.
En la década de los noventa, Trump casi cayó en la ruina por garantizar personalmente cientos de millones de dólares en préstamos, y desde entonces ha dicho que se arrepiente de haberlo hecho.
Aytaç, who co-authored the 2018 paper “Beyond Opportunity Costs: Campaign Messages, Anger and Turnout among the Unemployed” with Eli Gavin Rau and Susan Stokes, political scientists at Yale and the University of Chicago, explained the reasons for the varying levels of turnout in his email: When unemployment is widespread, the opposition draws attention to it in their campaigns and blames incumbents.
In 1990s South London, a young Priya Ahluwalia would watch as members of her extended family got ready for garage raves, styling themselves in matching two-piece sets, dresses with chain belts and patterned silk shirts.
Not long before dawn, my father began speaking of airplanes, flight plans.
He’s a very big guy.
“There is stark personal accounting here; the ‘serious noticing’ of the title has as much to do with the self as with texts.” THE NEW CLASS WAR: Saving Democracy From the Managerial Elite, by Michael Lind.
I called an urgent care facility and they said that there’s nothing that they can do.
A wildfire was raging outside, but inside the evacuation centers there were risks, too.
A few yards away, a woman was found dead outside her trailer.
“We don’t know exactly which day it would have been executed, but it was very clear: Qassim Suleimani himself was plotting a broad, large-scale attack against American interests, and those attacks were imminent.” Asked how he defined an imminent threat, Mr. Pompeo replied: “This was going to happen.
The Venetian, which is owned by Las Vegas Sands Corporation, has installed thermal cameras at entrances, put up plastic barriers at hotel check-in desks and removed about half of the chairs at its pools, rearranging the others to meet social-distancing protocols.
War places a heavy burden on our nation’s extraordinary military families, especially spouses like Amy Williams from Fort Bragg, North Carolina, and her two children — 6-year-old Elliana and 3-year-old Rowan.
On Friday she tweeted: “I stand in solidarity with the Pinterest employees participating in today’s walkout.
“Are you going to the rave?” one man with a posh accent asked a passer-by.
In the character’s first heyday, Connery grounded the increasingly outlandish gadgets, villains, sidekicks, and femmes fatale.
Where does it stand now, three months later?
If the last set of digital shows/music videos/perfume ads/lookbooks, in July, was a kind of bookmark — a place holder for an industry during a pandemic — it has dawned on all of us that rather than an interregnum, this may be the normal, at least for the foreseeable future.
There are fewer umpires to police violations.
“Me intrigó la idea de buscar fosfina, porque el fósforo podría ser una especie de prueba para determinar si hay vida”, comentó Greaves.
The law also entitles individuals to see the specific inferences that have been made about them — including predictions or categorizations related to a person’s behavior, attitudes, psychology, intelligence or abilities.
The bad news is, well, the L.S.U.
This week, two members of the far-right “boogaloo” movement, which wants to destabilize society and provoke a civil war, were charged in connection with the killing of a federal officer at a protest in Oakland, Calif.
Minnesota no longer requires that absentee ballots be witnessed, acceding to a court ruling that the mandate was not justified during a pandemic.
Reviews of Ferrante’s work note how liberally her work borrows elements of the romance and the potboiler: the unapologetic melodrama, the cliffhangers.
It’s how I caught those two bogus Amazon charges.
An edited version of the video shows just one moment where Mr. Biden was unable to view a question and says, “I lost that line.” The 26-second clip from the video has been shared by people close to President Trump, including his son Eric Trump, who tweeted on Wednesday that Mr. Biden had been “caught red-handed using a teleprompter.” Mr. Trump’s campaign also ran an ad amplifying the false claim against Mr. Biden.
Howard Markel es portador del título de Profesor Distinguido de George E. Wantz de la Historia de la Medicina en la Universidad de Míchigan y autor de “Quarantine!” y “When Germs Travel”.
Tuesday’s debate is the last before the Feb. 3 caucuses in Iowa, where it’s still a horse race.
“I had a very robust summer of work,” Mr. Charlap said, “traveling all over the world and the country, playing major festivals, my own festival,” he said.
I’ve since worked as a metro reporter at The Washington Post and a writer at Businessweek magazine.
From the head of Hamas, to Islamic Jihad, to senior members of Hezbollah, all showed up to pay respects to the general that they saw as the patron of their cause and movement.
“I was crying so much,” said Ms. Davis, recalling the day of her arrest last month.
Not just any job — something difficult and monotonous, for little money and less respect.
The stresses blew wide open after the arrest in Japan of Mr. Ghosn, the architect and leader of the arrangement.
In general, did you find that people expected you, as an Asian-American, to be more sympathetic toward him in your coverage?
The idea, according to Dr. Bryce Gartland, the president of Emory Healthcare’s hospital group and its co-chief of clinical operations, is that employees can bring the food home with them at the end of their shifts, when supermarkets may be closed.
(The growth rate for Black and white voters was about half that.)
The C.D.C estimates that the number of asymptomatic carriers is about one third.
The threats became more than just words when Ryan was stabbed twice, his father said, over what he believes was an unpaid debt.
The vindictiveness of Japan’s prosecutorial system and the conservatism of Japanese corporate culture — and Mr. Ghosn’s extraordinary escape from justice — will do much to slow that process down.
Along the way, she’s caught the attention of the N.B.A.
She turned to Bigs & Littles NYC Mentoring, which has helped her family and is an agency of Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of New York, another organization benefiting from The Fund.
He added that he was one of the only quadriplegic drone pilots certified by the Federal Aviation Administration.
“Today is really the first touching of the flesh for us.” Swapping her signature lace collar for a stylish scarf, she walked through a line of selfie-snapping voters to board Mr. Bloomberg’s campaign bus, emblazoned with the slogan “Get It Done Express.” She ordered brisket at a barbecue joint.
It ordered local authorities to pay up.
Although resembling a 19th-century novel, “Francisca” is actually meta 19th-century; rather than making the setting seem natural, Oliveira renders it strange.
Una mosca se posó en la cabeza del vicepresidente de Estados Unidos, Mike Pence, durante el debate con la senadora Kamala Harris, nominada demócrata al cargo.
The House of Commons and Senate now meet in temporary chambers, and Dr. McCready has become Parliament’s lone employee not involved in the renovations still working inside of Canada’s seat of government.
Three of the biggest tech companies in the world — Microsoft, Facebook and Google — have been trying to raise the profile of their online gaming platforms: Mixer, Facebook Gaming and YouTube Gaming, respectively.
On Thursday, an Orange County sheriff’s deputy responded to a report of a trespasser on the island, which is east of Disney’s Contemporary Resort, in Bay Lake.
The jury may hear, for instance, from Irwin Reiter, Mr. Weinstein’s corporate accountant of 30 years, who has said he became so troubled by the producer’s conduct that he supplied records to The New York Times about allegations of misconduct.
If the Postal Service collapses, it will take with it the infrastructure needed for millions of Americans to participate in the most fundamental act of self-government.
Mr. Heyerdahl championed the idea that Polynesia was settled by South Americans.
Goldman Sachs, which reported better-than-expected results on Wednesday, was a relative standout with a small gain after its trading unit performed better than expected in the first quarter.
“Installation commanders also have the discretion to increase protective measures based on local conditions, and that’s what we are seeing in Okinawa.” Colonel Firman said that military staff must also wear masks in most base facilities, implement social distancing and limit the size of any gatherings.
Me and my sister work hard for everything.
“If Beale Street Could Talk,” a period drama about a black couple torn apart by a racist system, was critically acclaimed for its visuals, Barry Jenkins’s direction and the performances.
“Federal support is crucial to underpinning the virtuous cycle we’ve had,” said Michael Gapen, chief U.S. economist at Barclays.
Do you know what I mean?
To arrive here was to find myself in the uncanniest of all valleys — a place where shared references related to food, language and architecture were swiftly replaced by what was alien and unexpected.
The effects of burning fossil fuels: Immense volcanic eruptions ignited oil and coal deposits in Siberia, eventually leading to mass extinction in the Permian-Triassic “Great Dying” event, scientists have found.
“It’s such a central part of my year,” she said.
“I’m hoping by the time I graduate things will have regulated enough to the point where they are hiring again,” she said, “because right now it seems very uncertain.” Ms. Manning would like to move to Los Angeles, a city with a thriving dance scene, within the next three years.
Several others have recently showered top executives with seven-figure pay packages.
Because love never really changes much; that’s the great thing about it.
[The New York Times] Follow the latest updates on protests here.
The message was retweeted and liked a combined 14,000 times.
He arrived when the bread was in the oven, a cheerful man who told us the body already had begun to decompose, so it had been more than two days.
Sign up here to find us in your inbox every Wednesday.
agent and friend of Khashoggi’s.
There was no transaction possible with her.
Liz Alderman reported from Paris, and Jack Ewing from Frankfurt.
“Please, in the back.” “Thank you, Mr. President.
Prime Minister Hassan Diab and his cabinet resigned on Monday, opening up a political void as the country reels from an enormous explosion last week in Beirut.
And as long as they’re being safe and courteous, that’s OK. “It’s really important that when we share tools with kids, we expect them to do things that are unexpected, and that we expect them to do things that are developmentally where they are,” Dr. Heitner said.
He has consistently advocated regime change or military action to resolve conflicts with states like Iran and North Korea and spent much of his tenure as national security adviser trying to keep Mr. Trump from entering what Mr. Bolton considered unwise agreements with enemies.
The sequel’s plot hinges on a series of twists that successively reveal you to be a pawn in a power struggle among three competing cabals.
The question is can he go all the way to the White House.
A “hey Grandma how are you doing?” or a “Long time, no see my friend?” can go a long way for someone.
When everything was going crazy in this town, it was good to have his back.” Adams, 40, a baritone-voiced bear of a man, was raised on Minneapolis’s North Side, where streets lined with modest homes and maple trees belie entrenched poverty and the city’s worst gang battles.
He presents the future Nobel Laureate as a monosyllabic dolt and poseur who froze in the presence of a true man of American letters and spent his time at MacLeish’s home pounding brandy, then conking out.
“These painful symbols of bigotry and racism — they have no place in our society, and certainly should not be enshrined in the United States Capitol,” said Representative Barbara Lee, Democrat of California and a co-sponsor of the bill.
She’s a figure of majesty, too.
And given the link that you’ve described between death and life, might death also be a kind of gift?
Her fame may not yet equal that of her former classmates in Sweden, Nina Stemme and Peter Mattei.
(Aside from “Roma,” which is set in Mexico with Spanish dialogue, those other films starred the likes of Sandra Bullock, Leonardo DiCaprio and Michael Keaton.)
Suddenly, everywhere in the world, it wasn’t just about what was being photographed, but how.
Running time: 1 hour 46 minutes.
The last few months have not been good for Bitcoin.
Kai Schultz es reportero en la corresponsalía de Asia del Sur, reside en Nueva Delhi.
Minority Civil Service employees at the department are up to 29 percent less likely than their white counterparts to be promoted, even when accounting for factors such as education and years of federal service, according to the accountability office study, while the senior-most ranks of the Foreign and Civil Service are nearly 90 percent white.
“It’s a glimpse, I think, into what the future of what campaigns may be.” — a message received by Maya Contreras, co-founder of a feminist think tank who has been critical of Mr. Sanders That is precisely what some Democrats fear.
Tensions over the monuments have run particularly high in Richmond, which was the capital of the Confederacy.
What has been the story of what has happened in your hospital these past few weeks?
“PLEASE DON’T SKIP MY ROOM FOR FOOD!” Ms. Yang, a first-year student studying media, culture and communications, wrote in a sign she posted on her door that another student captured in a TikTok video.
Senator Patty Murray, a thoughtful Democrat from Washington State, still remembers “the fear that dominated the Senate leading up to the Iraq war.” “You could feel it then,” she told me, “and you can feel that fear now” — chiefly among Senate Republicans.
“These rollbacks need and deserve the input of our public health community, but right now, they are rightfully focused on responding to the coronavirus,” said Representative Frank Pallone of New Jersey, the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee.
Alighting from his car late at night in front of his home, and clutching a bundle of T-shirts emblazoned with the slogan “Jim Crow Must Go,” he was hit by a rifle shot and fell to the ground bleeding.
Such decisions are being made without the guidance of the federal government.
During risky maneuvers, grackles may benefit from keeping their eyes open.
And yet, the most dangerous man in Paris right now besides Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic may be a steady baseliner from Argentina named Diego Schwartzman, whose listed height of 5 feet 7 inches could be one of the more generous measurements in professional sports.
There is no proven treatment or vaccine against the virus, and infectious-disease experts also warn that many vaccine candidates take years to perfect.
But even casual questions — like “What did you do this weekend?” — make me think of my aunt.
There are similar restrictions across the country.
Foreigners must apply to the government for a national identity number before buying.
“Every market participant must respect and revere the rules — no exceptions,” the article said.
But restoring the original interior cedar paneling, which had water stains, turned out to require 3,000 hours of sanding.
At the precinct, Mr. Pappas said he was struck by the disorganization.
The overnight shift to remote work obviated the need for office buildings and the vast economy that supports their workers, from public transit to corner stores.
We needed this fragile octogenarian who could get up repeatedly from her sick bed and speak truth to power.
A plume of smoke extended outward from the continent’s southeastern quarter, a region twice the size of Texas where flame vortexes had been spiraling 200 feet into the air.
But after a German who embraced violent racist ideals killed nine mostly young people in hookah bars in the central city of Hanau this week, the response was swift and clear.
Yes, the fact that 20 percent of this year’s freshman class at Harvard deferred their enrollment grabbed headlines, but, according to a preliminary analysis of about a quarter of colleges and universities, undergraduate enrollment nationwide is down only 2.5 percent this fall.
In a letter to families, the school’s president said on Monday that it would consider the county’s directive and Governor Hogan’s response and “evaluate how best to proceed.” Many private school decisions in the Washington area remain in flux, just as they do across the country, said Amy McNamer, executive director of the Association of Independent Schools of Greater Washington, which has 76 members in the region.
And if our side hasn’t been aware of that, they’re rapidly becoming aware of that.
“It was a big wedding; my sister wore a white bridal gown; I was maid of honor.
It’s a nice addition to the party, and also part of the not-quite-flawless pacing and spacing — occupying the first guests while later arrivals watch a repeat of the opening section.
I had one comforting thought: Finally, I’m not the only one swimming in shoes.
Football players at Oklahoma State, Florida State, Mississippi State and U.C.L.A.
The restaurant’s fans are intensely loyal, particularly to Mr. Lim.
“We started getting calls from folks who typically send stuff offshore,” Mr. Benson said.
You just had to walk into the right tavern around 1800 and you’d hear salacious songs about Thomas Jefferson’s affair with “Dusky Sally” — his slave at Monticello, Sally Hemings.
It acquired Uber’s food-delivery business in India this year and counts Alibaba’s Ant Group, Sequoia Capital and Temasek Holdings among its investors.
[The Desert Sun] Earlier this week, residents of a town on the Hudson River engaged in a quaint ritual in which they go absolutely bananas over a canine pageant known as the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show.
“Even though everyone has gone through struggles and hard times, there is still heart and love and compassion,” he said.
“It instantly blew me away,” he said.
The next day, a copy of his arrived in the mail: “Vineland,” by Thomas Pynchon.
Ms. Maxwell, 58, faces six counts that include transportation of a minor with intent to engage in criminal sexual activity and perjury.
European soccer finally welcomes its latecomers, Germany and Italy, this weekend, though perhaps the red-letter fixture is in the Premier League, where the champions, Liverpool, visit a Chelsea team transformed by a remarkable recruitment blitz on Sunday.
Scientists at Syracuse University reported in June that people with these disabilities who were living in group homes in New York State had far higher rates of Covid-19, compared with other state residents, and that their risk of dying was markedly higher, as well.
He opened a Microsoft Word document and started translating: the symptoms, the signs of mild cases, severe cases, the course of the disease, the methods of oxygen delivery, the recommendations for follow-up.
It uses nearly 2 cups of lemon juice, and is topped with rows of striking triangle cutouts.
They will think that elections are rigged by the other side and will not accept the judgment of voters when it goes against their preferred candidate.
4,000 National Guard and federal troops are in this uneasy town tonight.
But when Wall Street reopens its doors to employees, the talent will only trickle in.
“The two top interrelated issues right now are the state of the pandemic and the state of the economy, and it’s hard to separate the two,” Whit Ayres, a Republican pollster, said in an interview.
Now that decision might need to be reversed.
trucks, in firehouses and supermarkets and driving buses, living and working to help people outside their homes, in the midst of a pandemic, while many of the rest of us worry if we have enough yeast to bake bread.
“As these historically marginalized populations become more vocal and have been able to exert more agency in the public sphere,” said Joy Giguere, who teaches history at Pennsylvania State University in York, “we see greater calls for, essentially, self-representation.” Ms. Matthews, who owns the design-and-build firm and foundry Prometheus Art in Kentucky with her husband, Brad Connell, began inquiring about how to get a statue of a woman in the state Capitol.
Some of the weirdest and greatest came about in 1977, on the occasion of the Duchamp retrospective that inaugurated the Centre Pompidou in Paris — for which the illustrator André Raffray painted a dozen touching gouaches of the young Duchamp buying his bottle rack or carrying his “Nude Descending a Staircase.” Seeing them here, in Mr. Naumann’s final show, left me desperately nostalgic for a New York still open to figures who made their whole life into art.
That spring, when Trump was looking for someone to lead the fund-raising for his presidential campaign, he turned to Mnuchin.
Given the rapid run-up in its share price — the stock has more than doubled so far this year — it seems silly not to take advantage, especially since the company also plans to at least double its capex spending this year.
Mr. Steinitz, the Israeli energy minister, said the talks would be “face to face,” while Lebanese officials said they would not speak directly to Israelis.
Hopefully it gets better.” Navin Jarugumilli spent the week of the Republican National Convention just as he has other weeks this summer: in a procession of meetings with local candidates from the party mounting long-shot races in the most Democratic county in Wisconsin — a place where President Trump won just 23 percent of the vote in 2016.
BlackRock representatives have met three times this year with Top Glove to discuss the manufacturer’s labor standards.
Analysis: The Republicans have offered multiple rationales for refusing fresh testimony, but our chief Washington correspondent says they’re worried that hearing from John Bolton, the former national security adviser, would lead to a cascade of other witnesses.
The documents showed that the company largely avoided marketing OxyContin in states with “triplicate prescription programs.” Prescribers of Schedule II opioids like OxyContin in those states were required to produce three copies of each prescription: one to be retained by them, one by the pharmacy, and one forwarded to a state agency.
The identity of the assailant was not clear, the police said, according to local media.
“And we ALL know why.” For months, Mr. Trump has played down the virus, hoping to minimize news coverage of it as he banked on the economy to rebound.
When you watch a match, with your knowledge of racket technology and strings, do you watch it differently from the average fan?
She does not expect a quick recovery.
(Like the flu, basketball season happens in winter.)
The blind boy shouts in agony, “The sun, the sun!” and Sister Mary arrives at his side.
Mr. Levine deconstructs the topics in a way that is less like a conventional business column and more like he is providing an introductory course on the subject.
The money’s already been spent to buy them.
And body shops hated being caught in the middle.
Here, Richard E. Grant’s Jack Hock is the gadfly, often unreliable confidante of Melissa McCarthy’s Lee, a frumpy lesbian saddled with a cat, frustrated longings and thwarted literary ambitions.
Michelin said it had addressed the issues and was providing the most protective masks to employees working close together.
It’s not just Woods’s age that will pose a challenge going forward; there are questions about how long his back can hold out.
The bathroom is off the other end of the kitchen.
“They said it was locked for security reasons, but you can’t both lock something for security reasons and call it the accessible entrance,” Ms. Ladau, 29, said.
SUNCATCHER By Romesh Gunesekera In Romesh Gunesekera’s 1994 novel “Reef,” we catch a fleeting glimpse of a boy named Ravi, who lives next door to the book’s protagonist, Triton.
The company has recently been providing free “telemaintenance” phone calls and videoconferences to guide homeowners through simple repairs, said Andrew Wynn, the director, who has seen a surge in requests.
The contingency plans at many police departments include reallocating staff, deploying trainees and retirees and curtailing some service calls.
Julie Schafler Dale, who in the early 1970s founded the influential Manhattan store Julie: Artisans’ Gallery, said Ms. Feldman’s shop had been “a magnet for these young women who were interested in using yarns to create innovative new forms and wearable pieces.” It’s Monday — wear some art.
"One day, we were fine, and then we were in trouble and we needed oxygen,” Mr. McGuire said.
“There is a genuine willingness to work with us in our community.” The Log Cabin Republicans did not endorse Mr. Trump in 2016, and the group’s current support has caused a rift within its ranks.
In 1993, he switched to the theater beat.
The police could raid them at any moment.
Others, like Dr. Verbeek, who has a Ph.D. in the history of art, are working on reviving and reconstructing some of the lost scents.
More information on how to watch on other platforms is here.
“The government is very experienced now.” As China tries to stifle the new outbreak in its capital city, it is applying something often alien to the instincts of the country’s rulers: restraint.
On Tuesday in the parking lot of a mini-mall in Willingboro, N.J., Tonya Brown, 48, a Democratic campaign volunteer, said the uncertainty of mail voting had left her on edge.
But that raises an obvious question: What assurances are being provided that those with such plans will continue to have them, be able to afford them, and not be clobbered by bills not paid by them?
More than half of mothers experience “postpartum blues” — mood swings, loss of appetite or sleeping problems.
Stefano M. Bertozzi, a physician and health economist, is professor of health policy and management and dean emeritus at the School of Public Health at the University of California, Berkeley.
Whenever the president rails against governors who have criticized him, the vice president simply remains silent.
“Right now, single parents are overwhelmed with juggling kids’ virtual learning and work and everything else,” said Dr. Konrath, a visiting associate professor at the University of Notre Dame’s Institute for Advanced Study.
There also appears to be a gap between how traditional numbers and some advanced statistics view Westbrook.
Pasta with clams, canned or not, calls for one type of wine: a lively, incisive white without overt oak or tropical fruitiness.
Entire families are sheltering at home, often in close quarters.
I’m asking you to help him.
Así que a Temko se le administró otro sedante, midazolam, una benzodiacepina, y fentanilo, un opiáceo.
He made a case for a second term based on the economic and foreign policy achievements that preceded the onset of the coronavirus pandemic.
I don’t know if any public health information suggests that that’s accurate.” Eileen Weir, the mayor of Independence, Mo., asked the other elected leaders if they would plainly accept the recommendations of the public health experts advising the group.
• It’s also against the advice of Mr. Trump’s health experts, like Dr. Anthony Fauci of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.
We link to the news we gather on Twitter.
“My midwife did warn me that induced labor is a lot more intense,” said Finkbeiner.
If Beethoven’s experiments in surround-sound broke down the fourth wall dividing musicians and audience, Berlioz tore down the separation between the concert hall and the city.
Libya: Fighting and arms shipments have resumed amid the collapse of a cease-fire in the country’s civil war, just days after world leaders met in Germany to broker a truce.
“She had bags of ambition, and she played us little bits of demos and the voice was just amazing.” He asked her what kind of career she wanted; when Lipa referenced Madonna, he was sold.
“They’re playing with our lives.” 6.
So Congress at that point had appropriated almost $10 billion in funding for both vaccines and for treatments.
I love Texas Monthly I adore that publication I am a subscriber and there are several other Texas papers.
Wisconsin Republicans also asked the U.S. Supreme Court to reverse a lower court decision that would expand absentee voting.
“If we start sanitizing our characters from the provocativeness of ethical questions, we’d just better stop doing what we do.” GUADAGNINO FINISHED PICTURE edits on “We Are Who We Are” in February, just two weeks before Italy went into lockdown to deal with a coronavirus outbreak.
In mid-August, they were scheduled to meet in Rincón, a town on the northwest coast of the island, where Bad Bunny had been renting an Airbnb.
Wall Street resumed its rally on Wednesday.
Businesses with exposure to China, like Deere & Company and Caterpillar, have laid off some workers and lowered revenue expectations, in part citing the trade war.
In 1951, with a wife and two small children at home, he got his high school diploma as a surveyor, which led to a desk job at State Railways.
Our statement regarding the CleanAir EXP units used the word Covid when we should have said Coronavirus or Covid surrogates,” the statement read.
There is something both poignant and hopeful in these acts of documentation and collection, in trying to look back at our current crisis through the imagined lens of history.
According to the complaint, managers at the company interrogated workers about the organizing activities of their colleagues, told them that promotions and wages were being delayed because of the union campaign and threatened to enforce work rules more strictly if the union was created, in violation of federal labor law.
James, a professor at Macalester College in Saint Paul, Minn., won the Booker Prize in 2015 for “A Brief History of Seven Killings,” and was a National Book Awards finalist last year for his fantasy novel “Black Leopard, Red Wolf.” That he would gravitate toward podcasting is no surprise to those familiar with his books.
“Don’t think less of yourself if you drop the sign,” says Kendric Washington, 22, a professional sign spinner from Hyattsville, Md.
What strategies do you use while reporting at these protests?
Because I know the measure of the man — reasonable, faithful, respectful.
“I definitely feel stronger as a person,” she said.
But he already knew what it meant.
Mr. Trump endorsed Ms. Salazar on Twitter this past week, an unusual move in a district that the president lost by 20 points four years ago.
Larry Hogan of Maryland, another Republican, wrote that there was “no defense” for Mr. Trump’s comments “undermining our democratic process.” A growing number of Republicans were speaking out against Mr. Trump’s false allegations that the election had been rigged against him, especially after he delivered a rambling jeremiad filled with conspiracy theories in the White House briefing room on Thursday.
Such platitudes are no consolation to Hana’s mother, who hopes people, lawmakers and companies around the world, including in the United States, will use this opportunity to reconsider rules and laws around social media and cyberbullying.
Now I’m helping others play.
It didn’t feel weird, at all.
But it did bound down six flights of stairs with you, rather than gliding to the first floor in the elevator.
The company, beIN Media Group, the rights holder for Premier League games shown in the Middle East, has sent a letter to all 20 teams in the league and to its chief executive, discouraging them from allowing any sale to go through.
Central to the case was the phone call in which he asked Mr. Zelensky to “do us a favor though” and investigate his political rivals, including former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr., a contender for the Democratic presidential nomination.
She said that she learned this year that everyone else is more social than she is, and that she could be happy “going for long stretches just reading and wandering around.” That’s surprising because I’ve known her as a very social person who loves to give dinner parties and hold deep conversations.
But she still wouldn’t eat her own.
Lyles & King, 21 Catherine Street, Manhattan; 646-484-5478, lylesandking.com.
Follow us on Twitter: @nytrealestate.
College players, many of them teenagers still learning how to make smart decisions, don’t get paid for risking themselves or their loved ones.
When he called Zions two days before Christmas, a representative told him that he would probably have to pay the bank what he owed it and settle for the remainder.
Your health system, no matter how good, how efficient, how modern it is, sooner or later will collapse because the number of patients is too high for the resources we have.
Two years ago, Performance Space New York, formerly known as PS122, opened its renovated doors with “an ambition to be relevant and accessible to all of New York,” as Jenny Schlenzka, its new artistic and executive director, said at the time.
The following is an edited and condensed version of that attempt to take Christina and Bryan through time.
This helps to reduce the chance of developing an overwhelming inbox filled with numerous matches.
In Indiana, Dr. Adams had a pavement-pounding reputation, driving to heavily Black communities all over the state for panel discussions, town hall events and fund-raisers, addressing issues like obesity, infant mortality rates and opioid addiction.
Mr. Biden supported the administration’s decision to fly U.S. bombers and sail warships through the zones, and he told Mr. Xi of Washington’s growing anger.
Who was involved in negotiating this deal?
Yet today it appears that the post office may not survive the summer, as it faces twin threats of the Covid-19 pandemic and deeply misguided federal policy.
“There’s a heightened sensitivity here and at other H.B.C.U.s in other parts of the country because of the disproportionate impact the pandemic is having on the community,” he said.
El médico de la Casa Blanca, el doctor Sean P. Conley, confundió y ofuscó con sus actualizaciones sobre el estado de salud del presidente.
“But this is showing us the magnitude of the discrimination faced by black adolescents.
Some public libraries, like the Los Angeles public library system, have institutional Ancestry accounts and offer free access there.
She is now the executive director of the LGBT Purge Fund, but she is perhaps better known as the woman who fought back and ended the purge.
I’m glad Trump did it, but the timing does not reflect well on him.
“The parole process is like threading a needle — the people who have come out through the parole board are extraordinary people,” says Rummel, who has represented hundreds of lifers in their parole hearings.
It said that for two years, museums would be able to use deaccession funds not only to pay for acquisitions but also to underwrite the direct care of their collections.
“In this moment, there is a temporary window.” But as advocates of change talk of motivating long-term lending through housing-tax breaks, low-interest loans, and a restricting of infamously generous squatting rights, the window is already closing.
Matsumoto llamó la atención por primera vez hace un año.
Cable news networks had their A-list anchors at the ready in anticipation of a historic call, but the urgency of the morning gave way to a hurry-up-and-wait mood as ballot counters in Arizona, Georgia, Nevada and Pennsylvania continued their work.
“It can be exciting for our youngest New Yorkers,” the mayor said.
It was only in recent years that Ms. Netrebko introduced her Tosca.
“For Iceland, that’s a huge opportunity.” Follow New York Times Travel on Instagram, Twitter and Facebook.
“That leads to a big drag on the eventual recovery,” he said.
“Whether it’s in Round 1, 2 or 3 — just to be in competition.
He later worked with Ms. Butina, the founder of a Russian gun rights organization who pleaded guilty in 2018 to acting as a foreign agent, to use the National Rifle Association as a gateway to meet important Republicans.
He’s given a very dramatic speech in which he has barely budged the policy.
We’ve also conducted a series of experiments designed to identify just what it is about college-age individuals that accounts for their relatively greater propensity to take risks.
Here is a visual comparison of spending on advertisements by the Biden and Trump teams.
Then, days before, his surgeon tells him that plans have changed.
Mr. Biden’s campaign has not voluntarily disclosed his full cash figure.
But if ports in France are gridlocked, the disruption will soon spread to the British side, leaving truckers stranded and highways clogged.
Two were recovering, “which is particularly noteworthy,” they added.
The majority of new patients here are younger and healthier and are not as severely ill as many were in New York City, where officials report that over 22,000 are likely to have died from the disease.
Also postponed is Stagecoach, a country music festival staged by the same organizers, which will now take place Oct. 23-25.
“We flatly deny that there is any truth to the merits of Mr. Murphy’s claim,” Mr. Woltornist said.
At a deserted hotel in Prague, we found a forgotten chess board, its pieces abandoned mid-game.
Together, they outlined a plan to provide free and remote arts programming to New York City’s 1,800 public schools — the country’s largest school system.
This is a moment of unpopular wars going on in the country.
What’s particularly galling is using children as props in those protests, endangering their health.
Ms. Lawrence, the creative director at Essence, propped up a tent for her daughter in the living room.
Yet when the pandemic hit, it was largely mothers who took on the additional child care duties; became remote teachers; and, in large numbers, quit their jobs.
But they found they could prosper more by operating a convenience mart well past the traditional 7 p.m. closing time of French retailers.
Yet his efforts — quite literally, his essais — at politics and his essais at portraying himself are not unrelated.
The Black Lives Matter foundation is apparently preparing for a quote, “war on police.” Black Lives Matter is the Khan of the century and a sham.
“It’s a fairly common scenario,” said Dr. Dominick Maggio, director of the emergency department at Whiteriver Indian Hospital.
Wasn’t he on an escalator?
“For the first time in my life I was an outsider.” Earle’s songs (which will appear on his new album, “Ghosts of West Virginia,” due in May) are interspersed through the show at regular intervals.
Even those revelers in Times Square must make peace with the no-bathroom situation.
She was an alcoholic, but she was also beautiful, and she won the Publisher’s Clearinghouse Sweepstakes before she met my grandfather, and she could see the ghosts from Finland in the house.
I cried out to Erik that I just wished real life could be like this.
From the beginning of the pandemic through Oct. 15, Alaska Native people were hospitalized five times more often than white Alaskans, and the mortality rate for them was more than four times higher.
“I work with a lot of Black clients and cousins, and I was most angered by the inexcusable risk at which they were placed,” Ms. ni Lochlainn, said.
Opponents called the $25 million project an expensive folly.
Paul, playing in an adjacent arena, had also led by two sets to none but was down a break in the fifth set to Dimitrov when he saw on a scoreboard that Sandgren had eked out a victory.
We did 500,000 tests in a month.
A judge dismissed the case.
In recent weeks, thousands of officers have been dispatched to parks, streets and subways to enforce public health orders from the mayor and Gov.
It may just be that he wants to kind of be that moderate voice, that voice of moderation.
A few weeks ago, Mr. Khanna realized that his effort would not reach a particularly vulnerable group: the hundreds of thousands of migrant workers who had been trapped by the lockdown and now were walking vast distances to get home.
But the Secret Service, which Mr. Trump praised in the same tweet, said in a statement that it had made six arrests that night and “the Metropolitan Police Department and the U.S. Park Police were on the scene.” He again took undue credit for the Veterans Choice health care program.
I started reporting on the attacks on my favorite journalists like Mr. Gan and Ms. Ressa feeling pessimistic.
Seven days into their 4,200-mile journey, the two were camping at a state park in Cline Falls, Ore., when a man in a truck brutally attacked them — first with his truck, then with an ax.
The senator’s top campaign contributors included major insurance, securities and investment firms, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, and the pharmaceutical industry pushed for Mr. Dodd’s re-election.
Methane can trap more than 80 times more heat in the earth’s atmosphere than carbon dioxide, over the shorter term.
work through whatever they’re working through, and then they’re going to let us know what’s our next step,” Toronto Manager Charlie Montoyo told reporters on Thursday, before the Blue Jays’ game in Washington.
It’s made it more challenging to keep the commercial element at arm’s length and to try to redirect the focus onto the simplicity of the wine: It’s just chardonnay and pinot noir.” While the most exalted estates receive the most attention, Mr. Johnnes has taken pains to highlight the less expensive side of Burgundy, with seminars and events focusing on lesser known, more accessible appellations.
And there’s a strong possibility that Sanders would lose in a landslide and Trump would be re-elected with a House, a Senate, the White House and a Supreme Court majority in his pocket, enabling him to govern with even more impunity than now for four more years.
This doesn’t feel right,’” she said.
As president of the Environmental and Energy Technology and Policy Institute, Mr. Mooney worked with the United Nations to encourage African countries to ban leaded gasoline.
She is freed from directing policy: A problem that haunted Ms. Harris’s campaign from the outset was an inability to dictate an overarching vision of America’s problems and potential solutions.
He’s still only 24 years old.
Even by the standards of a crazy news cycle, the cable news ratings for the daily White House coronavirus briefing are eye-popping: 12.2 million people watched on CNN, Fox News and MSNBC on Monday, the kind of Nielsen stat usually reserved for prime-time football.
On Jan. 1, I flew to Mogadishu, to follow up on the attack and to write about these students and what they mean to Somalia.
Keith, of course, watched that game with glee from his home in Dana Point, Calif., and planned to do the same on Monday.
And American oil companies are dropping rigs, dismissing fracking crews and beginning to shut down wells.
Late last week, the state attorney general began an investigation into Andover.
On Wednesday, Mr. Abbott announced that a surge of funding, medical workers and supplies would be sent to health care facilities in the area.
A new interactive tool from our Travel desk helps you evaluate your risk and make the best decision.
“And that’s one of the things that really drove me to complete the play.” How he ended up acting in the play, mind you, is a different story: “The Minutes” is the first time Letts has appeared in a play of his own, let alone one on Broadway, where the production opens on March 15 at the Cort Theater.
Hours later, Mr. Putin announced a peace deal, and Mr. Aliyev went on television to announce that all military operations would stop.
In other election news: President Trump brazenly and falsely claimed that he had won the election.
You can sign up here to receive it weekdays.
We are now in a very crowded main hallway of the school, and I think they’re going to go register.
“This storm has been less predictable than most storms,” she said.
By the time she’s done, my palms are black and blue and look like a pincushion, with neat little rows of red dots.
As the virus began to spread in the United States in January, the C.D.C.’s response was hampered by an antiquated data system and a fractured public health reporting system.
“He would see things in a way that most of us didn’t perceive.
And I don’t think her vote is particularly predictable.
He said he was not informed at the time.
Last week, an Oklahoma City federal judge ordered both sides to enter into mediation.
In 2014, he gave free dentures to a cancer survivor who had lost all her teeth from medication and was unable to afford dentures.
Officer Overton, 25, has been with the Springfield Police Department for two years.
I could still feel where my pinky had hooked Yuu’s.
And then she says, in terms of staying in touch with him after the fact and having friendly communication with him after the fact, that that was because she was just trying to maintain a positive professional relationship to help her with her career.
Rabbi Perlow was born on Nov. 16, 1930, in Brooklyn to Nochum Mordechai Perlow, whose father, Yaakov, was the first rabbi of the Novominsk Hasidic sect, named for the city in central Poland (its name was changed from Novominsk to Minsk Mazowiecki in 1916).
Hungary’s far-right government under Prime Minister Viktor Orban has for a decade demonized his long list of perceived enemies, including Muslim migrants, George Soros, Brussels, civil society, homeless people, foreign universities, Roma families and an independent press.
Some medical workers and epidemiologists, labor unions and even pro-Beijing politicians called for a more complete closure.
“As for the cool-factor, I would give it a big resounding MAYBE :)” he wrote in an email.
Our eyes detect light, signaling directly to the S.C.N., as if the conductor were being cued by the mood of the audience.
If that wasn’t already evident, John Bolton’s new book, “The Room Where It Happened,” portrays Trump as practically kowtowing to Xi.
45D: This is inventive and funny, and I don’t want to shoehorn it into double definitions.
The project was cheered by the borough’s movers and shakers, the most important of whom was a fellow named Cleveland Rodgers.
‘I’ve been called every name in the book.
The Quadrantids meteor shower has been active since Dec. 27, but the show peaks tonight into Saturday morning.
When this ends, people need to show their value of key-working staff in practical ways; pay them enough to be able to live in our cities, and recognize, support and welcome immigrant staff who prop this country up.” While the British government has been accused of mishandling the pandemic — such as announcing only on Friday, months after a lockdown began, that international travelers to the country would be required to self-isolate for 14 days — its National Health Service has been seen as a rallying point.
Dittmar, la autora de un libro sobre los estereotipos en la estrategia política, lo explicó así: el primer nivel de la estrategia política consiste en prestar atención a lo que los votantes quieren de un candidato.
That’s why it helps to build in some immediate rewards to help you form the habit.
To see “fruit and vegetables as they function as sculptures,” said Christie Mitchell, a curator.
Seguimos saliendo, aunque ninguno de nosotros mencionaba el futuro.
A proposed daily schedule might give shape to the hours.
Coronavirus cases keep climbing, and so do deaths.
They know how powerful our union is.
But Mr. Sanders has done little over the last month to reassure skeptics within his party, striking a posture of defiance that may have helped accelerate the late movement toward Mr. Biden.
And here we had two cases that really didn’t fit that pattern at all, they weren’t really on that standard set of guidelines where testing would have taken place.
Mr. Goedde teaches writing and literature at the Community College of Philadelphia.
These wires contained tiny sensors that could monitor her heartbeat—and if a dangerous arrhythmia were detected, all that quivering instead of pumping, the ICD would shock her heart to disrupt it, delivering between three hundred and eight hundred volts.
“Las personas dijeron que nunca más habría rascacielos y que las ciudades estaban muertas”.
No ha habido iniciativas importantes de reducción de daños, solo la ilusa implicación de que todos los que no estábamos en pareja hasta marzo de 2020 debemos vivir sin una conexión significativa hasta que haya una vacuna.
“We’re at the entrant phase,” she said.
Two tiny bedrooms flanked a bathroom with double sinks and fashionable tile.
Gavin Newsom showed off a new haircut and announced — much to the delight of shaggy Californians — that salons in many counties could reopen.
The caucuses are a cherished tradition for Iowans, but an increasing number of national Democrats say they are outdated and undemocratic.
On Friday night, Mr. Clayton appeared close to getting the job he wanted.
Characters bite off more than they can chew, twiddle their thumbs, cool their heels, have albatrosses around their necks and are as pleased as punch.
State authorities twice prosecuted for the murder Byron De La Beckwith, a fervent white supremacist whose guilt was supported by overwhelming evidence.
So now as far as what this has meant on the political scene just today, the Democrats announced that they would be not canceling but postponing their convention for a month from July to August.
People told me that the baby was a blessing during this difficult time, but I didn’t believe them.
Women who tearily discovered in 2016 that they weren’t going to be able to introduce their daughters to the first woman president have mostly gotten over it.
Poland will enter a national lockdown on Dec. 28.
About 80 percent of the patients are 5 or younger, the Kawasaki Foundation says, and the disease can result in heart damage and sometimes death.
After strong showings in the first three voting states, Mr. Sanders has emerged as the presumptive front-runner.
And third, she needs the money, and you can afford to pay it.
A dispute over measures to counter the coronavirus in Khartoum, the capital of Sudan, has led to an open confrontation between the country’s military and political leaders, underscoring the fragility of the country’s transition to democracy.
“So she’s kind of doing this balancing act.” Then there is Mr. Peters, who has cut a low profile in the Senate — and at home, which is one reason he faces a tough race.
A federal judge on Saturday rejected Trump’s request to block the release of a book critical of him.
I’ve been with Duval County for 23 years.
“Once she adopted you, you were in our family for life,” Ms. Lucius said.
For the first time since the pandemic hit, all 900 students at his Berlin school were back, bursting with excitement.
The songs are instead meant, like so much of the show, as brazen entertainment.
It did not sit well with Mr. King, the way Old Town’s leaders were handing keys to the city to a Chinese tycoon.
He was fond of saying in later years that if Elvis was the king of rock ’n’ roll, he was the queen.
The two asked if the endorsements were a “done deal,” according to one of the people briefed on the call, which was first reported by the website Axios.
And also someone who speaks their rhetorical language about inspiration, about coming together, about knitting the country’s moral fabric back together.
Meanwhile, Jets quarterback Joe Flacco found someone to connect with in wide receiver Jamison Crowder in the second half.
I think both of these groups are mostly wrong — that what defeated Trump was Trump himself, that the “fascism” discourse around his presidency was often a distraction, and that the most successful strategies pursued by the Democrats were strategies of normalcy rather than alarm.
Then they went back to their rooms.
No matter how much Crosby is disguised, however, nothing can hide his familiar croon or the fact that he’s no hoofer.
The short answer: It depends.
“This case is alleged to be one more example of something we have sadly seen over and over again, whether it relates to the global pandemic or schemes targeting the elderly — there is no cause, no tragedy, and no event that fraudsters won’t seek to exploit.” A lawyer representing Mr.
Like each of the eight bottles, it went beautifully with our meal of NoMad’s roast chicken.
Hold a few seconds, then release.
He announced yesterday evening that he would appoint a former federal judge to argue against the government’s decision to drop charges.
“You need to take advantage of what you have.” After his gym closed, Mr. Mcleod, 21, started training in Central Park.
Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.
Parents, teachers and children had only a few days to get used to the nation’s biggest school district shutting classrooms before Mayor Bill de Blasio announced another plot twist on Sunday: Students in pre-K and elementary school would return to school after all, starting on Dec. 7.
Negotiators from Britain and the E.U.
In its stead — for now anyway — comes a whole new digital experience.
Mr. Cameron, who previously served as creative director of the Lower Manhattan Cultural Council, said he looked forward to learning from young artists.
The new bus service was spearheaded by Tel Aviv’s longtime mayor, 75-year-old Ron Huldai, an old-time Israeli socialist and hard-charging former fighter pilot and air force general.
And then later at 8:30 a.m., I log onto Andrew’s hospital’s online portal to refresh his test results page, hoping for a “bounce” to his white blood cells and neutrophils, a sign that the leukemia cells have died and his healthy blood cells have room to grow.
The Department of the Interior, the Department of Agriculture, and the Office of Management and Budget did not respond to requests for comment.
Replace saturated fats with unsaturated if you can (15).
“It’s just not about the numbers,” he said.
Lieutenant Alshamrani’s dream was to learn to fly, family members said.
This is not something that we hear flutists play very often; the fingerings for getting those notes-in-between-the-notes are so complicated, and they vary from instrument to instrument.
One State Department official cited an already tough working environment for journalists in China, where he said that “freedom of the press is under a severe siege.” He also described the five Chinese news organizations as “part and parcel of the P.R.C.
In Milan’s central train station this week, people were eager to leave the city.
Richard Hell, the Heartbreakers’ first bassist, was previously with Television, another influential group in that scene.
Mr. Esper has been traveling constantly since early summer and he leaves next week for a trip to India.
Then she won a full-tuition scholarship to West Virginia, and Dr. Gee personally called to congratulate her.
China’s powerful State Council is introducing measures to help small businesses.
(As with so many couples, this was a Plan B wedding; originally, they were supposed to marry on April 19 in Florida, but the coronavirus pandemic scrapped that plan.)
Mr. Weinstein’s spokesman, Juda Engelmayer, declined to comment.
Mr. Mnuchin and Mr. Trump also both had to vie for the attention of wealthy, self-made fathers.
Cuando Anna Marie Chang, una doctora que trabaja en una sala de urgencias en Filadelfia, dio positivo por coronavirus a mediados de marzo, se sintió terrible, pero la tranquilizaron las revisiones diarias que mostraron niveles normales de oxígeno.
She urged anyone who received the seeds in the mail to contact state plant regulatory officials or A.P.H.I.S.
American sanctions on Hezbollah and its patron, Iran, have left it less able to offer the subsidies, services and jobs that its supporters used to count on, just as the Lebanese economy was teetering.
After case counts at the jail held steady for months this fall, they are now rising.
What books are on your nightstand?
Japan’s Health Ministry reported 71 new cases for the entire country on Thursday, including three that were detected among passengers arriving at airports.
Sabemos también que el socialismo no es la solución.
In June, Oxford posted a preliminary report for its Recovery trial of more than 6,000 patients who received either standard care or dexamethasone, a steroid similar to the ones that Kory and other I.C.U.
“I’m starting to get a little concerned about that,” he said.
“Hungary is sure to receive massive subsidies from the E.U.
“I was asked in a business class once what it is that I sell,” Ms. Kutzwell said.
The move appeared at least in part to be an attempt to present a friendlier face in response to American officials’ recent statements that Russia had mounted clandestine efforts to weaken Mr. Biden in the presidential race.
One Ramadan, Isaq was instructed to wear a red armband and carry an electric baton, with orders to monitor the mosque to check whether anyone was plotting anything.
But this counterevidence is immaterial, as the main hypothesis grows exponentially to incorporate more and more evidence.
That is roughly $15 above the current price, and other analysts put the break-even figure at $80 to $85.
Javier Castellano has experienced the toll of those injuries and is prepared for those risks.
The state has hot, humid weather similar to Florida’s and also calls itself the Sunshine State.
The same hands that work for the big houses work with me — it’s the same workshop.
In theory, the lower court could rule in Facebook’s favor, setting up another appeal to the federal high court.
Work has been moving forward.
Todd Wilkinson, the athletic director at Division II Barton College, in Wilson, N.C., said he expects Division II to recommend six weeks of preseason camp, while the N.A.I.A.
The swift action lowered interest rates to a range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent.
The discovery of the excrement is believed to be the first case of gastropods feeding on the rust.
Because the Constitution calls for a federal district separate from any state, the House bill would designate a small downtown area — mostly government buildings — as the new national capital.
Then, in case he did not find that ball, DeChambeau hit a provisional shot that landed in Rae’s Creek, short of the green.
California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U.C.
As of Saturday, the country had 190,665 cases and 7,940 deaths.
I asked if I could stay on as a month-to-month tenant, or sign at a lower rent, but I’ve gotten no response.
Details: The latest lockdown will close stores, return schools to at-home instruction, order restaurants to be takeaway or delivery-only, and child care centers will be available only with special permission.
“Because of Covid, we’ve been able to make really special relationships with some of our neighbors,” she said.
Travis McMichael had fired in self-defense!
The chips weren’t far from reach.
Pero era un grupo problemático.
Bret Stephens There was nothing small about the debate.
That law is being challenged in a separate court case.
It’s tough to recommend buying any tech in the coronavirus outbreak, actually.
The contradictory and often chaotic approach in Luxor reflects a major dilemma facing Egyptian officials: Can the government continue to welcome cash-carrying visitors at the same time it tries to battle a looming public health crisis in the jewel of its tourism industry?
Or, as a short and charming new video from a Times Opinion team argues, the N.B.A.
The black community is outraged.
“That’s essentially where the nomination, where it’s formalized.
For those looking for ways to give support, here is a list of 10 organizations and initiatives operating in the country.
But let’s give some love to the philosophers as they take up the work of immortal intellectuals.
Should that happen, the Fed and other central bankers are poised to respond.
“For this to happen brings up these feelings that I always assumed were part of people’s history.
The British artist Lynette Yiadom-Boakye is a committed painter of people.
Look at your Facebook feed.
How has the coronavirus affected any of your spring break or summer travel plans?
Now, many are reasserting themselves and finding their publics not only willing to overlook sometimes-profound failures, but eager to greet them as almost heroes.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
As in the Covid-19 lockdown, those moments generate a tension, a crisis that reveals what is in our hearts.
Officials on Monday did not release the names of those killed.
On Friday, a group of quarantined residents sent a letter to Dr. Amler, the health commissioner, objecting to what they called their “illegal open-ended isolation orders.” Dr. Amler said that as of Friday, there would be no change to the county’s policy.
In April, Inovio began trials of its potential vaccine, testing it on 36 people.
This also makes Dr. Sullivan the first person to both walk in space and to descend to the deepest point in the ocean.
“I hope it’s still standing.” A feud among dozens of evacuees in downtown Austin resulted in a shooting that killed a woman whom the police described on Thursday as an innocent bystander.
Another reason: They’re not taking leave because it’s not fully paid.
In 2018, New York became the first major American city to adopt a one-year moratorium on issuing new vehicle licenses for Uber, Lyft and other ride-hail services.
Turn over a W.P.A.-style postcard sold at a national park, and it almost certainly bears the logo of his company, Ranger Doug’s Enterprises.
And I don’t have an answer for what happened.” While body cameras have become standard in many police departments around the country, they have been a matter of debate in Kenosha.
This is part of a series in which Melissa Clark teaches you how to cook with pantry staples.
“It’s just over right now.”
Colleges derive prestige from winning teams, which in turn allows them to recruit more talented players, which in turn wins more titles, which in turn … well, you get the idea.
The maximum award is $100,000.
None of this is to say that these vaccines can’t reduce the risk of serious complications of Covid-19.
DoorDash, however, is no longer quickly burning through cash.
It’s a perfect companion to “Groundhog Day” (1993), a wittily modernized screwball from Harold Ramis about a weather reporter, Phil (Bill Murray), who becomes stuck in a surreal time loop that causes him to relive the same day.
The contractors and franchisees that directly employ workers often have limited resources to pay legal penalties and settlements, making the large upstream companies with whom these employers have a relationship a more practical target.
Después del 6 de diciembre, con la garantía del fraude preventivo, habrá una nueva Asamblea Nacional en Venezuela.
White residents in Rosedale, Queens, are protesting black families moving into the neighborhood.
Speaking on condition of anonymity, several diplomats, including some from countries that have publicly pushed for an Indian seat on the Security Council, say that their governments are now reluctant to push the issue after India’s domestic unrest has laid bare the effects of Hindu nationalism there.
Both Mr. Lennon and Mr. McCartney followed suit in October 1961.
Thousands more have fallen gravely ill, or have lost friends or loved ones.
[MUSIC PLAYING] I have this vivid memory of seeing thunderstorms from space.
Também descobrimos que especialmente para aerossóis muito pequenos (menores que um micrômetro) é mais eficaz usar um tecido macio (mais fácil de ajustar à face) do que um pano mais rígido (que, apesar de oferecer um filtro melhor, geralmente não se encaixa bem ao rosto e deixa lacunas).
And so on, for everything from quarantining new arrivals to pursuing a policy of “herd immunity.” Even now, with so many dead and around 1,000 new cases of the coronavirus each day, it’s Britain’s lockdown that animates Brexiteers more than anything else.
In practice, they also get used for all kinds of daffy or ill-conceived projects.
In December she began having stomach problems, which she attributed to too much junk food, not enough water and working hard.
Photographers scanned their photos and videos for evidence.
In the long run, we are likely to have better options — a vaccine perhaps, or effective drug treatments.
Today, we’re looking at a piece by Howardena Pindell, a painter and mixed-media artist whose work explores themes of racism, sexism and xenophobia.
“With this virus going, everybody in America needs this,” he said of his team’s product.
There are bigger changes, like neighborhoods of fourplexes replacing single-family homes.
No Fan of Sports, a Graphic Novelist Learns to Follow the Bouncing Ball In “Dragon Hoops,” Gene Luen Yang intercuts the thrilling wins and crushing losses of one high school team with basketball’s own turbulent history.
Trump administration officials met with congressional leaders last month and told them they would probably give emergency approval to a coronavirus vaccine before the end of Phase 3 clinical trials in the United States, perhaps as early as late September, according to two people briefed on the discussion.
The subject heading of the invitation was “Re: when a man becomes a woman.” Mr. Good’s campaign has scheduled a series of six “Virginia Liberty Summits for Pastors” in three cities to discuss the new law.
They included musings on the ways he could change the course of German history.
“To be clear, Series 6 will not bring us any closer to present day — it will simply enable us to cover the same period in greater detail.” In January, Mr. Morgan said that the show’s fifth season was the “perfect time and place to stop” and that Netflix and Sony supported him in the decision.
The doctors would not disclose when he received his last negative test result; he attended a fund-raiser on Thursday although aides said he was showing some possible symptoms Wednesday and Thursday.
The air of inevitable decline was palpable.
Democrats, too, planned to capitalize on the impeachment fight by urging voters to punish Republicans for refusing to demand a more thorough trial and for sticking with Mr. Trump despite evidence of his misdeeds.
As an organizer for Barack Obama in 2008, I recall having sweet tea (really, really sweet) for the first time at the home of the Democratic Party chair in rural Mathews County, Virginia.
Should schools be expected to cancel school even though so many districts are able to hold classes virtually?
Until now, Instagram has taken a relatively hands-off role in monetization.
A forthcoming novel by Simon Han and a novel-in-stories by Sidik Fofana.
But under the new rule, set to be announced in the next 48 hours, Border Patrol agents would immediately return to Mexico anyone who tries to cross the southern border between the legal ports of entry.
majority in the State Legislature.
Margaret Atwood said years ago that her writing routine was to “spend the morning procrastinating and worrying, then plunge into the manuscript in a frenzy of anxiety around 3:00 when it looked as though I might not get anything done.” Yet when I interviewed Ms. Atwood recently on my TED podcast, WorkLife, she said that she had never missed a deadline.
A mass participation in owner-renter hybrids in the expensive coastal cities would have unintended consequences for the way in which home prices evolve, and for broad housing affordability.
Amid all of that, a sexual assault allegation against him in 2003 would change how many people saw Bryant, though he remained hugely popular among N.B.A.
“The government help lines are useless,” he said.
Some schools have asked student-athletes to sign waivers to acknowledge the risk of participating during a pandemic.
“When we come out the other side,” he says, “I hope that collaboration continues.” Kim Tingley is a contributing writer for the magazine.
Solicitous to her mentally declining charge, Olivia is anxiously saving the money she needs to pay off a man who has promised to marry her.
As public health experts have said, we should expect activity to return gradually, with sites like offices and stores reopening before arenas and theaters.
What we do directly impacts others.” Dr. Deborah Birx, the White House coronavirus task force coordinator, sounded a similar note on “Fox News Sunday,” emphasizing how easy it can be to transmit the virus even by talking.
The announcement represents one of the most comprehensive international travel bans imposed anywhere in the world, as governments try to slow the spread of the coronavirus that has already infected more than a half million people and killed more than 22,000.
“I caution everyone that we’re still in the early stages,” Mr. Jones, a former trial lawyer, said in another video.
Mentipathe is the Lenape name.
American is canceling about 40 percent of its flights each day, and expects more cutbacks in the days ahead as demand slides further.
Make it easy for your loved ones: tell them.
It decided where experienced teachers teach.
The cast is an Australian all-star team that includes Marta Dusseldorp (“A Place to Call Home”), Asher Keddie (“Offspring”) and, in the central role of the cult victim, Yvonne Strahovski (“The Handmaid’s Tale”).
In the cobblestone courtyard, the chef Gabriela Cámara, of Contramar, helms a seafood restaurant and a cantina-style bar called Itacate del Mar, while the rooftop terrace is the setting for a contemporary French-inspired restaurant — as well as a swimming pool, sauna and soaking tub — where guests can enjoy views of the Metropolitan Cathedral, the National Palace and the Templo Mayor.
It is Latin America’s greatest humanitarian crisis in years, and the country most affected by it deserves support and aid.
“If you have young children, consider establishing this time during nap time or teaching them independent play as a quiet activity.” [Like what you’re reading?
In Casper, Wyo., someone from the district attorney’s office walks around the block to the Circuit Court building each week and fetches a large plastic garbage bag full of discarded paper clips to reuse.
ONCE I WAS YOU: A Memoir of Love and Hate in a Torn America, by Maria Hinojosa.
“If you want to know you don’t need to touch your stocks for 10 years, that would suggest you want 30 percent of your portfolio in Treasuries,” said Mr. Guyton, who has published influential research on how a flexible approach to annual withdrawal rates can support an initial target withdrawal rate above 4.5 percent.
His campaign said more than 99.9 percent of its donors had not maxed out.
Mr. Trump is almost certain to lose the Latino vote, but his campaign hopes to keep the vote margin down among the demographic.
Last year, Jeff Blackburn, a senior vice president, went on a sabbatical and has not yet returned, and Steve Kessel, who ran Amazon’s physical stores, retired.
And I cannot say that when only a thick wooden door prevents a right-wing terrorist from causing a massacre, a blood bath, in a synagogue in the city of Halle on Yom Kippur.” Mr. Putin, as nationalist as they come, noted that “the Soviet nation was the one that put an end to the Nazis’ malicious plan,” and took credit for the Red Army having “liberated Europe.” Alluding to his war of dueling historical narratives with Poland’s president over their countries’ actions during the Holocaust and roles in the outbreak of World War II, Mr. Putin said that “the memory of the Holocaust will continue being a lesson and a warning only if the true story is told, without omitting the facts.” Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, like Mr. Pence, did not let the opportunity pass to urge world leaders to follow the United States’ example in confronting Iran.
Transportation Mr. Tamarit, 62, has worked as a driver for EmpireCLS Worldwide Chauffeured Services in New Jersey for more than five years.
But it will be we, the students of Newton, who determine the pace and the direction of that change, and not you or anyone else working on the banks of the Potomac.”
Instead, hunt for activities among the items that already exist in your home.
Falwell called me to listen to a view that wasn’t exactly his.
“But Eddie was always an old soul — patient, determined and self-aware.”
Sledding Athletes Are Taking Their Lives.
We are either rebooking travelers on another trip or providing a refund.” Since mid-March, she said, O.A.T.
What was going on with that?” Apart from curious spouses, there is also a recognition among many senators that history will crave a firsthand account from those who were there about what it was like when the Senate decided, for only the third time, whether to remove a sitting president from office.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
When I sat to begin the test, I realized my skills were rusty.
“For most writers, and I’m sure myself included, there comes a point at which you’ve said what you have to say,” Mendelsohn says.
The best chance for fighters to gain negotiating leverage to carve out longer and more lucrative careers is most likely a lawsuit that was filed against the U.F.C.’s parent company in 2014.
One of the biggest cues that a dog might be on the verge of biting, she said, is a one- or two-second freeze in motion, in which the dog’s spine and muscles go stiff.
Britain and the United States vet vaccine candidates differently: American regulators pore over raw data from vaccine makers to validate their results, while regulators in Britain and elsewhere in Europe lean more heavily on companies’ own analyses.
Some schools are canceling classes and even Buddhist temples are turning away the faithful.
“Senator McConnell’s bill is not pro-worker at all — it puts corporations ahead of people,” Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, said early in the day.
But it’s a moment of striking clarity.
“Writers themselves haven’t respected the narrowing of the canon in many cases,” he said, citing as an example how scholars now have a deeper understanding of the Harlem Renaissance as a more geographically and culturally expansive period than was once believed.
“I think very highly of Tevis,” he said in an email.
What are you looking forward to after the pandemic?
“When the right time comes I will make an announcement,” he said.
Regardless, we had planned to take several precautions.
Because with so much uncertainty, with everything suddenly up for grabs, this is your generation’s world to shape.
We have a guide for that!
Is there anything you think we’re missing?
This is my third restaurant experience this week and it feels even more intense in Paris as everything seems fairly back to normal.
“Once we were in lockdown, they started having Zoom nights with a D.J., and everyone had their video on and I could see them dancing,” she said.
“He gave us a look, sighed, and then launched into it,” Mr. Edler said.
— that says both, “I truly feel sorry for you” and “If I stare at you long enough, will you just stop crying?
Before the coronavirus, expectant mothers relied on support from family and friends to help them recover from painful deliveries and adapt to unpredictable life with a newborn.
To get them to think differently about our time together, to value their lives differently, I make a resolute effort to remind my students that all of us, at some point, sooner or later, will become rotting corpses.
Russia, for example, has ramped up its testing to about 300,000 a day in recent weeks from about 200,000 in May.
‘We’re gonna march.’” Lewis’s persistence won, the march went on and he was arrested for the fourth of at least 45 times.
As the lone nurse for her school district in central Washington State, Janna Benzel will monitor 1,800 students for virus symptoms when classrooms open later this month, on top of her normal responsibilities like managing allergies, distributing medications and writing hundreds of immunization plans.
In 1905, in a landmark case, Jacobson v. Massachusetts, the Supreme Court upheld the right of a state government to make smallpox vaccination mandatory, on the grounds that it protected the public health — despite the fact that the crude smallpox vaccines of that era could cause severe side effects in some people.
But after a couple of falls and bouts in rehabilitation centers, she ended up in a Syracuse nursing home on March 10.
“You want to get back to reporting instead of sensationalism.
The horses had seen better days.
“It will be years before retail has even a chance of returning to New York City in its pre-Covid form,” the retailer’s parent company recently told its landlord in a legal document.
Tuesday’s arguments will be heard by telephone because of the coronavirus pandemic, and the public will be able to listen in.
But there would be serious consequences if the turmoil spread to those fields, analysts say.
Georgia has been the arena for many voting rights skirmishes recently, but the latest problems were less about politics and more about technology.
In a statement, the State Department urged a meeting “immediately” to work out the details; the key stumbling block would be verifying compliance.
But too many progressives aren’t doing an honest analysis of the politics.
Its fear is that if the United States signs an initial deal with violence levels reduced only in the cities, the war will simply continue to rage in the countryside.
In Pennsylvania, election officials are staring at possibly the biggest ballot processing backlog in the country, with no means of even touching the ballots until polls open on Nov. 3.
The New York Times did not immediately report the allegation.
So when I’m coloring, I often have to say, “Is this person’s skin color natural?
That brings us to single-use paper products, like paper towels, especially the ones sold in North America.
That implies there are more than 150 million sufferers globally, who pull hair anywhere from their scalp, eyebrows and eyelashes to their body or pubic area.
Mr. Biden has also vowed significant elementary and secondary education policy changes, like tripling federal funding for poorer schools, increasing teacher pay and reversing the Trump administration’s civil rights policies.
By March, the number rose to 8.9 million, according to our data, because of an extreme drought and the country’s economic crisis.
That’s because the votes of the failed candidates are effectively discarded when the delegate count is calculated.
“We can see that they are quoting the same texts, that they have all these social ties with one another, that they are working for the same objectives,” Dr. Belew said.
If he were to play in New York, he would have to make a quick transition from American hardcourts to European clay with the French Open expected to start on Sept. 27 with lead-in events likely in Madrid and Rome.
An influential Iraqi Shiite cleric, Moktada al-Sadr, said on Wednesday that the crisis Iraq was experiencing had ended and called on militia groups not to carry out attacks, Reuters reported.
Apple also said Epic had plenty of alternative ways to distribute its games.
But in 2020, with some of the nation’s biggest outbreaks of Covid-19 happening behind bars, many of these inmate firefighters have been released to protect them from the virus.
In her opening statement, Ms.
Ultimately, his ex-wife convinced him to leave Venezuela before the authorities finally decided to arrest him.
So has Fox.” Stelter has been “over the moon” about the response to the book: “I keep hearing from readers who say ‘Hoax’ helps them understand their own family a little bit better.
This isn’t a matter of exclusion or separatism — a book can be opened by anybody, and open any mind — but of fidelity to the truth of experience.
But with interest rates near zero, there is no better time to borrow against the fundamental strength of the U.S. economy, spend the money and prevent years of economic damage that would ultimately be far, far costlier.
The campaign also experimented with lighter fare, putting virtual Biden for President lawn signs in Animal Crossing, the hit Nintendo game, and setting up a custom “Build Back Better” map in Fortnite, the popular battle royale game, in hopes of reaching younger voters.
Rover With four solar panels Orbiter After the orbiter reaches Mars, the landing probe will detach and descend to the planet’s surface.
Fue una reacción coherente con su biografía, una física que se convirtió en política, y también reforzó su posición como el contraste que el Occidente liberal le muestra a Trump.
More than any other policy issue, this is the one his campaign has worried about from the start of the race.
Knowing she was tired, I did not want to wake her.
I sat on my bed and sobbed.
As ever, drink what you like, but bear in mind that a beer cocktail may be just the place for a beer you might not drink 12 ounces of on its own.
“He entered City Hall at a difficult time in New York’s history, and he helped set the city on a course for success — and a reduction in crime — that no one at the time imagined possible,” said Michael R. Bloomberg, who served as mayor years later.
I know that younger generations have a bone-deep horror of ever talking on the phone; it’s axiomatic among them that anyone who actually calls you is a grandparent, scammer or psychopath.
It creates this system where people are unwilling to speak out, unwilling to bring problems that are really important and that affect people’s lives.
Yet to a 21st-century eye, the most challenging and surprising work here is a serpentine bronze statuette of Orpheus, done around 1471 and on loan from the Bargello in Florence.
But the man and woman she lived with had a plan, too, prosecutors say: a $200,000 life insurance scheme that left Ms. Odom dead, the pieces of her dismembered body dumped in a Brooklyn park in April 2018.
The lesson is that the tests are less likely to produce false negatives the longer ago the initial infection occurred, he said.
Michigan has tried to undo some of its restrictions.
As it turned out, socially distanced grieving didn’t mean grieving alone — so many people found ways to offer support, as if they knew what I needed even when I didn’t.
“No matter what you do at that point, you’re going to have a bunch of places around the country that are unhappy with the numbers, and are going to sue.
We can cope with this.” It also coincided with Europe’s worst economic slump in decades.
Anyone who has ever watched a horror film will find their muscles tensing.
While Mr. Solow said nothing specific about retiring as he turned 90 in 2018, his son, Stefan Soloviev (a pre-Ellis Island family name), had in recent years assumed a growing role in his father’s affairs.
All the same, he has no plans to add the temporary surcharge — up to 10 percent — that city officials will soon allow restaurants to add to each bill for on-site dining.
So, when her boyfriend messaged me on Facebook about getting tickets to the hottest Broadway show at the time for a surprise, I didn’t hesitate.
More controversial picks were avoided.
But it was striking to see a Jason Wu gown on the carpet at all; his last notable appearance there was when Kerry Washington wore one of his designs in 2014.
Shaggy goats are trotting around a seaside town in Wales.
In the meantime, I confess I’ll need to start washing my masks a lot more often.
“So if you can drive up rates of asymptomatic infection with masks, maybe that becomes a way to variolate the population.” That does not mean people should don a mask to intentionally inoculate themselves with the virus.
In a registry of cases created by his colleagues, in young patients suffering a first heart attack, “marijuana smoking was identified as one factor that was more common among them.” The registry revealed that, even when tobacco use was taken into account, marijuana use was associated with twice the hazard of death among those under age 50 who suffered their first heart attack.
He must order mayors to close most streets to vehicular traffic to make them pedestrian spaces, open enough for Americans to be outside at a safe distance.
Now state, city and federal leaders must agree to finance the plan, which will be overseen by a respected transit official, Janno Lieber, the head of the authority’s capital construction.
Here are three reasons it’s still a reliable comfort: Flynn Rider — the aforementioned swashbuckler-turned-love-interest, voiced by Levi — makes for a great co-pilot, and it doesn’t hurt that our princely figure gets a back story for once: He was a normal guy with humble origins and a dream.
Erin Peistrup said she was fortunate because she is a stay-at-home mom.
Dr. Steven J. Corwin, the president and chief executive officer of NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital, talked to David Gelles, The Times’s Corner Office columnist, about leading in a crisis.
Homeowners could easily place the candy bowl six feet from the door and admire kids’ costumes from afar.
In that cramped shelter, her eldest daughter Ayesha, 13 at the time, was molested by a man twice her age, Nasreen said.
Can the league accept just one hospitalization or, God forbid, a death?
The judge also acknowledged the risk Ms. Heard had taken in speaking up about the violence.
Looting is not protesting,” Mr. Biden says in his ad.
“And it happens they are vocal learners, too.” One of the best examples may be Hoover, a harbor seal who spent much of his life heckling visitors at the New England Aquarium in a thick, impossibly human Maine accent.
The pandemic has been very hard for the taxi industry.
Now, after the coins are cleaned, he runs them through a machine that flattens, distorts and blurs them so that they are less immediately recognizable as currency.
Given the expectation that museums will preserve works for generations, centuries, maybe even forever, the host of tricky questions that surface around this sort of work go beyond the more typical concerns of how to touch up an oil painting or mend a crack in a sculpture.
Regístrate para recibir nuestro boletín con lo mejor de The New York Times.
Reporters fly into Des Moines and Cedar Rapids, then rent cars that they fill with remnants of Jimmy John’s sandwiches and pizza from Casey’s General Store.
There were some striking differences, Hersh wrote by email: The people who spend an hour or more a day on politics but no time in volunteerism are 82 percent white, but those who do volunteering are only 60 percent white.
At home you leave the bottle nearly upside down for a week, then freeze it for 90 minutes, pop off the metal cap and the sediment shoots out.
diverted millions and millions of dollars away from its charitable mission for personal use by senior leadership to award contracts to the financial gain of close associates and family, and appeared to dole out lucrative no-show contracts to former employees in order to buy their silence and continued loyalty.
The decision to discontinue the tax credits for secular and religious schools was aimed at both goals, they said.
Many of the most common proposals — like body cameras and implicit-bias training — haven’t been shown to work.
Last month, the prosecutors said they would investigate the death.
But the president of the International Olympic Committee has not wavered.
“Ser sedentario te mata”, dijo.
Other Japanese companies have followed suit.
No other constellation can achieve our goal to supply these vents to the U.S.” Ms.
It was by far the largest two-month decline on record, and prompted storied brands including J.
But with all these rules in place, all these monitoring systems, all this enforcement and in your case self-restraint, how effectively has all of this worked inside the bubble?
The future will be very different, and I am convinced that it will no longer be possible for a theater to be passive, waiting for the public, even with a great program.
publicly and in the political realm.” Halem added that M.L.B.
official brought up Mr. Tice, the former officials said.
She left for Paris in the late 1950s.
This week, Donald G. McNeil Jr., our infectious disease correspondent, wrote about a possible second wave in the coronavirus pandemic.
Walking through the coronavirus intensive care unit each day, I wonder how each of my patients might have been exposed.
Russia is watching the events in Bishkek “very closely,” Mr. Putin’s spokesman, Dmitri Peskov, told journalists in Moscow, and wants “the situation there to calm down as soon as possible.” But he added that Russia, which suspended financial aid to Kyrgyzstan after last week’s unrest, would not resume funding until the country has a functioning government.
The outbreak has prompted a generational awakening that could match the defining effects of World War II or the 2008 financial crisis and that could disrupt the social stability on which the Communist Party depends.
As lockdowns have stretched into a second month — and with disruptions likely to continue for weeks or months in many states — those hopes have faded.
But Hochschild misses Sandel’s point when, at the end of her review, she writes: “So now’s a good time for both sides to sit down for a very serious talk, with ‘The Tyranny of Merit’ required reading for all.” Why have a presumption that reading Sandel’s book — or any book — is necessary to have “a very serious talk”?
Mr. Lukashenko has also questioned the harm of coronavirus response efforts, saying he endorsed President Trump’s comments that the cure to the pandemic cannot be worse than the disease itself.
Gordon, Deborah M. “Local Links Run the World.” Aeon, 1 Feb. 2018.
students, they tend to be very self-directed, motivated students.” In its scramble to shift courses online in mid-March, the Timpanogos district put facilitators in place, both for teachers who needed them and to check in on some students.
It’s this one line, from which it traces this indescribable sadness, the feeling of complete isolation.
This is the first time in the history of the New York Times Crossword that the entry MAXI has been clued to a ubiquitous feminine hygiene product.
“It would be pretty cool to be able to go and be there with some of my Chinese teammates who are trying to make their team.” If there’s still no new pro league in North America next season, Carpenter said she would love to see more P.W.H.P.A.
Mr. Camp, who served a term as Starkville mayor from 2005 to 2009, died on Oct. 25 in Meridian, Miss.
“There’s no question that’s why President Trump nominated Justice Barrett to the court,” Mr. Biden said.
“The water is already under high pressure, so little pumping would be needed and, unlike an oil pump, there would not be any threat of pollution.
The scales, in particular, are thought to have health properties.
The Pakistan government denies that anybody was killed, although it barred foreign journalists from visiting the site for more than a month, eventually taking some on a restricted tour of the site, where they found no proof of damage.
A snapshot of the country on a single day last week revealed sharply divergent realities.
“I feel even more than ever that this is what I should be doing, that this is my calling,” he told me.
We do have bushfires here in Australia, but what we’re seeing now has not happened before.
The staff will gently guide you toward the recipes best suited to each fish.
Then, last Friday, they were told production had been suspended and they were out of work as a result of the new coronavirus pandemic.
He’s probably a very nice guy.
Loretta Mester, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, who has warned about previous deficits, told reporters on Wednesday that her own forecasts for the economic recovery hinge in part on continued fiscal support, and that without it, the United States might struggle to make it through shutdowns and onto a sustained growth path.
“Presumably all of its skin is fluorescent,” Mr. Schoen said.
Supreme Court abortion case: The justices are set to hear arguments today about whether Louisiana can require doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at nearby hospitals.
Unraveling one could not be accomplished without unraveling the other.
Whatever setup you choose, keep it minimal.
Live performances will include ones by Doja Cat, Alicia Keys, Bad Bunny, BTS, Luke Combs, En Vogue, Demi Lovato, Sia, Post Malone, Kane Brown, Swae Lee, Khalid and Saint Jhn.
The relative “jumped out at them” and angrily told them that leaving marbles on the floor was not allowed and unsafe for the family’s dogs.
But he gave it a “thumbs up.” Serah Copperwhite, a technology worker based in a district south of Tokyo, said that while she normally avoided public toilets, she would be more inclined to use the new ones because they appeared bright and clean.
“Mommy, I fall,” he said, looking up at me, buoyantly, beamingly proud.
• Antibody tests were once pitched as ways to show whether a person has had Covid-19 and might have some immunity.
And he pulled me aside at one point and he pointed to somebody who we both knew who was working on my campaign but he’d known from before and let me know that that was somebody who’d gone through a family tragedy that Joe somehow knew about, and just thought it was important for me to know that about someone who was working with me.
“If it’s a fast reopening,” Mr. Mongey said, “they’re going to be in closer proximity and face higher health consequences.” Black and Latino Americans have less ability to withstand a prolonged job loss than whites, because they entered the crisis with lower incomes and less wealth.
“It’s pretty hard to get around the fact that we’re still going to be down 500,000 to 600,000 jobs at the end of the year,” Mr. Parrott said, adding that those losses include the self-employed.
Beukes brings verve and mordant wit to her neo-noir, coast-to-coast chase novel, set shortly after a pandemic has wiped out 99 percent of the men in the world.
“Are you mad at me?” she asked her.
Mr. Hualinga dreams of living in an Indigenous nation with its own government and laws that would actually protect his people from the double calamity of oil spills and the virus.
The White House notified Congress only after the fact, with a brief, classified document.
Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson: The Academy Award-winning actor and his wife, Ms. Wilson, both 63, said in a statement on March 11 that they were in Australia and had the coronavirus.
But the audacity of the idea drew her in.
Friedman militantly condemns the businessperson who enters the public realm to be charitable, to be kind to employees, to invest in the commons because he wants all of these functions to be left to government.
But even with its crisis powers, the central bank has the ability only to lend via credit facilities that help municipalities and businesses, not to spend.
So what he was trying to do and express was the hope that if they might work, let’s try and push their usage,” Dr. Fauci said.
How could researchers dictate care to a doctor right there at the bedside, especially when a patient’s condition was so dire?
Génesis Portillo, 26, came to Ecuador from Venezuela six months ago with her boyfriend.
“The coronavirus does not have a political affiliation,’’ he said.
It’s a very competitive labor market.
“Some tough decisions had to be made primarily around our digital teams,” said Ms. Dubuc, who took over as chief executive two years ago.
However, permanently repealing the payroll tax, which Mr. Trump has repeatedly insisted that he wants to do, would.
It’s what they would like to see happen in the United States.
And I love how introspection can lead to the memory of a parade, to gratitude for the ones I’ve seen and excitement for the ones on the way.
“Their ideas are seeping in,” he said.
For example, for white people — again, better described as those who have been racialized white — the abject inhumanity of the black reinforces their whiteness, their humanness, their power, and their privilege, whether they’re aware of it or not.
(Morgan Stanley declined to comment, and Jefferies and The Honest Company didn’t respond to requests for comment.)
“Bridgerton,” created by Chris Van Dusen (a co-executive producer of Rhimes’s “Scandal”) and based on the romance novels of Julia Quinn, is the first original series for the streaming network by Rhimes’s Shondaland production company, which had been a pillar of the ABC prime-time lineup.
But Ms. Joffe-Walt said the nation’s education system is at a pivotal juncture, noting the future could be indelibly shaped by white parents.
After he dropped out of the presidential race, her main quarry was Donald J. Trump.
The state’s League of Women Voters is seeking to block a voter purge in federal court.
Here’s what people are saying.
Still, reaching agreement is far from guaranteed, with Republicans, Democrats and the Trump administration still at odds over providing liability protections for businesses, money for states and cities and how much funding to allocate for direct payments and unemployment insurance.
Aptly dense with buried poisons, it deserves full-length exploration; still, if 10 minutes isn’t enough to dramatize the viciousness of capitalism, it’s enough to give the cast, Charlayne Woodard in particular, several wonderful moments to shine.
That globalization is also the development that is likely to pose the most challenges for Australian chefs and restaurateurs who — like it or not — are now competing in an international arena.
The board’s executive committee met on Tuesday morning and voted to accept Mr. Falwell’s resignation immediately.
Hundreds more people are learning they have the illness each day, including more than 800 diagnoses on both Monday and Tuesday, as the nation’s testing capacity has grown significantly and as the virus spreads.
They were concurrent presents, and presences, and somehow because of this, and magically, they have remained always present.
The United Kingdom has stripped them of their British passports.
“You just don’t know what you’re going to get.” In May 2017, she was texting with Dr. Rachel Davis, a friend and fellow physician who is also interested in global health.
Antibody testing, which reveals whether you may be immune to an infection, is only beginning to ramp up, and is still hard to come by in most places.
The Milwaukee Bucks, the top in the East, lost to the Orlando Magic.
The North’s leader, Kim Jong-un, declared a “maximum” national emergency for fear the man may “have been infected with the vicious virus​.”​ But South Korean officials have said there is no proof the man carried the coronavirus.
Conservationists and art historians have raised concerns about what will happen to the medieval mosaics inside Hagia Sophia, which depict the Holy Family and portraits of imperial Christian emperors, which strict Muslims may demand be covered.
They turned 42 in April, long past the sell-by date for most professional tennis players, even those who have to cover only half the court.
Philip D. Murphy said the number of new cases was rising in New Jersey, but stressed that the uptick was in part a result of increased testing in the state.
Anthony Tommasini, The Times’s classical music critic, argues that the so-called blind audition — in which musicians try out for an orchestra behind a screen — is impeding progress.
Our guide to dance performances happening this weekend and in the week ahead.
We have to relive, every day, being scared that my husband has contracted this virus and that he might not be showing any symptoms.
No one inside the big tech companies should have felt like they “won.” To be fair, that is part of the theatrics of all congressional hearings.
Ordering active-duty troops to police American cities, Mr. Esper said, should be a “last resort and only in the most urgent and dire of situations” and said that for now, it was not warranted.
“This kind of fight, it won’t end.” Mr. Sharon tried to help his sister when her house, too, was raided.
A few months later, she was sitting on the Senate’s Agriculture Committee, which oversees the C.F.T.C.
Example I: In 2019, Louise Dorisca of Florida chose The 1619 Project and wrote: It’s been 400 years since the first slave ship landed in America.
transcript This was Iowa caucus night back in the mid-1970s.
It’s very indicative of our society and how crazy it’s become.” There is no word yet when the Guggenheim will display it.
Dr. Atul Maini, the medical director for the Heartburn Center at St. Joseph’s Health in Syracuse, N.Y., said that while the specialized center had not seen an increase in patients, it had noticed a big difference among the patients it had treated since coronavirus quarantines were lifted.
Plan on taking photographs or videos at a landmark or public park before your ceremony?
Another angle: President Trump’s re-election campaign was counting on a strong economy and an opponent in Mr. Sanders, who is easily portrayed as too far left.
Please consider supporting our journalism with a subscription.
¿Recuerdas el reportaje sobre el príncipe de Delhi que recomendé el mes pasado?
But merit discounts also raise questions of equity.
Last week, Mr. el-Sisi railed on Twitter against unspecified “enemies of the state” who attacked government efforts to combat the virus.
Then Julián Castro crushed him in another, with a slap about his memory.
“I am convinced that this pandemic, this virus that has multiplied throughout the planet, that there is no force that can block it, there is no barrier that can block it, there is no wall that can block it,” he said.
In place of the pre-pandemic parties and dinners, the longtime advertising executive Gaston Legorburu has been going “from war room to war room” at Fortune 500 companies, where he said he found many advertising plans and marketing departments in limbo.
“But it does not follow from this that the appropriate path of policy under the shock is unchanged.” Neither economists nor portfolio managers make particularly good epidemiologists.
(Only 249,500 absentee ballots were issued in the spring 2016 election.)
The bakery wisely shut down.
El confinamiento físico es también para millones una cuarentena emocional.
“Mayor Anne Hidalgo has announced that 30 miles of streets normally used for cars will be reserved for cyclists, including Rue de Rivoli and Boulevard Saint-Michel,” said Ms. Schwab.
Oscar Peterson as a piano player, absolutely.
All eyes have been on the coronavirus since it crept up in Wuhan, China, in late 2019.
about his dealings with Russia’s ambassador.
The college took the step after learning of more than 100 coronavirus cases connected with the campus.
The president, in turn, listened when Mr. Navarro repeatedly raised arms sales to Saudi Arabia and other countries, sometimes repeating talking points used by Raytheon and other arms makers, the former administration officials said.
One has died, and another, who has been in the hospital, has not been able to deal with the news completely.
Although agents on the Penttbom team at headquarters were apprised of the questioning, Gonzalez and other agents working the Bayoumi file locally learned about it only after Thumairy’s repatriation.
Dr. Fauci, who tries to stay out of politics, did not respond to a text message on Monday asking if Mr. Biden had reached out to him, and refused to answer a question about it during an interview with Wolf Blitzer of CNN.
“It’s a risky marketplace,” he said.
But prosecutors said they were struggling to persuade witnesses from Illinois to travel to Manhattan to testify.
So just be careful what we tweet and we say.” Critics noted Mr. James’s vast economic interests in China.
As a theater-obsessed middle school kid in Santa Monica, Calif., Alexis Soloski watched a 1991 recording of PBS’s “American Playhouse” broadcast of “Into the Woods” so many times that her VHS tape became nearly unplayable.
It seems that in the past, at least in certain societies, science was much more integrated.
For instance, the Syrian Ministry of Health reported a total of 8,580 infections as of Dec. 9, while the Security Council, relying on reports from inside the country, counted at least 30,000 at the start of the month.
If something goes totally wrong, there’s no witnesses.”
They previously maintained that he had done nothing wrong and that he was “collateral damage in a political crusade to jail his stepfather.” Mr. Riza faced charges along with his mother, stepfather and a longtime friend, Jho Low, in the disappearance of as much as $4.5 billion from a government investment fund, known as the 1Malaysia Development Berhad.
He was initially reluctant to add another app to his already-crowded phone, but the ongoing protest movement convinced him.
“It’s a new world.” [Like the Science Times page on Facebook.
The research suggests that people are growing increasingly restless, Dr. Zhang said.
Once an area is geofenced, commercial data companies can acquire the mobile phone ID numbers of those within the boundary.
Seo Eun-youngSeoul, South KoreaThe writer is director of foreign press relations in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Republic of Korea.
Here’s our full collection of ideas on what to read, cook, watch and do while staying safe in our At Home section.
I purchase two candles for my new home, some cleaning rags and a bucket for washing clothes, and feel like the most domesticated, settled person ever.
All this stuff about how he’s “radicalized” people and hurt religious witness — that’s just self-serving intuition, with no hard data behind it.
But a kind of progress.
Audrey Arya and Samuel Cohen had wanted their nuptials to coincide with Nowruz, the Persian New Year, as the bride’s family is Persian.
One woman, in North Carolina, cited something she’d heard in a Trump ad as a reason she’s unlikely to vote for Joe Biden, and said she wished Ben Carson would step into the race.
“It’s about meeting the needs of the American people.” Even as they said they would advise Mr. Trump to issue executive orders to provide economic relief, administration officials held out the possibility that further negotiations could yet yield an agreement.
You’re not just dealing with individual rights, you’re dealing with fellow passengers’ basic human rights, and I think that has precedence.” There are other options.
When we accidentally broke the strings on those ancient rackets, we made up a game using our tennis rackets and a Wiffle ball.
The next evening she stopped in at the bookstore.
Whether you are watching the New Year’s Eve ball drop in Times Square on your couch or tuning into a concert streaming online, here are some tutorials from makeup artists who can guide you with your New Year’s Eve look.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention was not acting independently when it changed its coronavirus guidelines earlier this week to cut down on the number of people required to be tested.
On Politics is also available as a newsletter.
These days, I am increasingly restless.
The Earth is far behind us; our explorer tells us we robbed her of her beauty.
The largest crowds come at Christmas, when a towering tree is erected across the street at Rockefeller Center, followed by Easter and during the summer.
In Pasadena, the Rose Bowl is a veritable pilgrimage site on July 4; AmericaFest, hosted annually by the sports stadium since 1927, is a fireworks show flanked by tailgates, live music and motorcycle stunts for an audience of families.
To offset that devastating loss in revenue, many airlines, Delta and United among them, began using otherwise idled passenger planes for all-cargo flights, many of which transported crucial medical supplies from China to the United States and other countries.
I’d spend my days as a journalist covering the raucous present; but on and off over the last few years, on nights and weekends and vacations, I’d jump into my digital DeLorean and take up residence in earlier times — making my way, slowly, through the 1960s and then the ’70s, accompanied by an unending library of historical documents and pop cultural artifacts I found online.
One of the hackers named in the indictment was previously charged with hacking U.S. election administrators four years ago.
Here’s how to submit a wedding announcement.
[ABC 7 Buffalo] Friday “Beethoven, Poetry and Music: Opus 132 Play-Along,” at the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts in Manhattan, highlights themes of healing, gratitude and the inner self.
I remember reading the full script and thinking, “OK, she’s 16 or 17 and I’m in my 20s, so I’d better make her sound younger.” When I went in for the first recording session, I did this young voice, and the director and producer in the room were like, “Ming?
To begin, I’d like to introduce you to our main character in this historical, tale, the recipient of the parents’ letters, the New York City Board of Education.
Japan: Medical experts are wondering whether Japan’s declaration of a state emergency on Tuesday is too little, too late.
Germany reported 1,000 new cases, bringing its total to 8,200.
“Tonight, three of our fellow officers were intentionally poisoned by one or more workers at the Shake Shack,” the union wrote in message on Twitter.
But the companies added that demand has improved since April and May, when stay-at-home orders kept people away from dealerships.
Some bigger retailers had started offering discounts this week.
In Washington, the secretary of state’s office will be using social media and radio ads for the month leading up to the election to help inform concerned voters.
The idea of curators as creative agents in their own right, and master of the kind of the sociopolitical commentary that underpins many of today’s exhibitions, is relatively new.
It proposed that George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Benjamin Franklin and Samuel Clemens (among many others) were gay.
The performance kept the focus squarely on Mr. Trump — often where he seems to like it — but also where the Biden campaign wants all the attention in a 2020 election the Democrat has cast as a referendum on the current president.
Milk KEFIRS are like a drinkable yogurt, and the water KEFIRS are like a soda.
“And I think it’s a lot harder for people to say that I’m being alarmist now.” Last month, before the skies over San Francisco turned a surreal orange, Death Valley reached 130 degrees Fahrenheit, the highest temperature ever measured on the planet.
The beach, which was never crowded, provided hours of ocean swimming, boogie boarding and long walks.
“The whole idea was a big-tent approach, even odd bedfellows,” Mr. Lippman said.
But the new rules allow these workers to avoid having to pay half of the Social Security portion now.
Diana was the fourth child, born a half-hour before her twin brother, David.
After receiving a 311 complaint about the gathering at the synagogue, on South Eighth Street in the Williamsburg section, officers visited around 8 a.m. and saw a large crowd inside, officials said.
He then asked her questions about her sexual history while another person performed oral sex on her, she said.
Medvedev, the third seed, is entirely at home on the fast-paced hardcourts of the U.S. Open.
But it was on North Korea — a nation that, unlike Iran, is already believed to have nuclear weapons, with American intelligence agencies putting the number at 30 to 60 — that the candidates seemed softer.
What moves you most in a work of literature?
All in about three and a half minutes.
When Chamillionaire’s “Ridin.” hit No.
I can find green beans from Kenya in my local organic supermarket here in Brussels.
I now preside over a medical university in Beijing with 19 affiliated hospitals.
And there’s a lot of good attention that brings, and there’s some negative attention over the years.
And she was like, thank you, Lord.
Actual caroling is frowned upon this year (singing really sends those viral particles flying) and “A Christmas Carol” is also a dubious in-person proposition in most places.
The same day that the Republicans rallied in Perry, the Democrats held a get-out-the-vote event in the fast-changing Atlanta suburbs.
Let me just say that I hope everything I say today is 100% wrong.
Under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, Mr. Grenell can serve in his post only until March 11 unless the president formally nominates someone else for the job.
He said the respiratory illness reminded him of the dying words — “I can’t breathe” — of Mr. Floyd and another victim of police violence, Eric Garner, who was put in an illegal chokehold.
Be they gazpacho, borscht, shav or a creamy, yogurt-based cucumber soup seasoned with garlic and herbs, there are few summer lunches as cooling and satisfying.
There is no difference now between the two parties on spending.
| Read the review | Listen: Robert Kolker on the podcast Presidential memoirs are meant to inform, to burnish reputations and, to a certain extent, to shape the course of history, and Obama’s is no exception.
The bittersweet truth about all the gatherings and meetings and parties and conferences being canceled is that many of them would not have been particularly meaningful to begin with.
He was tested for the coronavirus, his family said, and was told the results would take some time.
While it’s true that the higher numbers could reflect increased testing in the state, we know the virus is still spreading in Clark County, where Las Vegas is situated.
“And we don’t need to raise more capital.” BuzzFeed has so far raised $500 million at a valuation of $1.7 billion.
“My aunt Rhoda died at the age of thirty-seven when I was fifteen years old,” begins a bit of memoir from Mady Schutzman’s book “Behold the Elusive Night Parrot.” She describes how inheriting and using her aunt’s clothing, jewelry and artworks led her to become a “living archive.” An expanse of words in the shape of a towering gateway presents “The Tunnel,” in which Maria A. Prado is interviewed by Margaret Morton, known for documenting the homeless, with Esther Kaplan, the executive editor of the Reveal Center for Investigative Reporting.
“After a year of running for president, he hasn’t been able to get ANY support from African-American voters,” the document said of Mr. Buttigieg, noting that he had garnered zero percent among blacks in a recent national poll.
But the sheriff’s deputies didn’t even interview him; they told him “Store’s closed.” What store?
As an employee of the sports media giant, he founded the sports and culture website Grantland.
I mean, that’s — I mean, put aside impeachment.
But by then, the spark of bipartisanship appeared to have faded.
Recently, the Plaxall cousins dug up old letters and telegrams from the company archives, which are mostly kept in a dusty old back room off the catwalk above the factory floor.
And we might be beginning to see the very first hints of that happening with this virus.
The best guess is zero.
Those tensions exploded in public last month when Brian Armstrong, the chief executive of Coinbase, penned a 2,000-word blog post to “clarify” his company’s culture.
That seems to be the case with the recent fixation on Kanye West and his dubious presidential campaign and very public mental health breakdown.
In the early 1990s Bobby Digital began working with Garnett Silk, whose voice brought a prayerful longing to songs like “Bless Me.” He produced Mr. Silk’s debut album, “It’s Growing” (1992), which became a best-selling album in Jamaica.
The next, his lawyer was battling leaked hotel room photographs of Mr. Gillum naked on the floor.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
Hooray for the commission, but give me a break.
We are much better off if 100 million Americans contract the coronavirus over 18 months rather than over 18 weeks, and this also gives scientists the chance to test treatments and develop vaccines, and to see if warmer weather helps.
He said that cannabis had been used throughout history for medicinal purposes and that the decision on Wednesday reinstated that status.
According to guidelines released by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, people with severe Covid-19, the disease caused by the coronavirus, may need to isolate for up to 20 days.
Pauline Adès-Mével, a spokeswoman for Reporters Without Borders, said the frequency and the intensity of the U.S. attacks are “shocking.” “It’s a democracy, and it’s also a symbol,” she said of the United States, adding that it is “no longer a champion of press freedom, either at home or abroad.” Turkey, which has a long record of anti-press actions, appeared to seize on the erosion of America’s reputation in making its criticism.
For the past 16 months, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel had doggedly pursued a right-wing dream that he saw as securing his legacy: annexing West Bank territory that the Palestinians counted on for a future state, potentially dealing a death blow to a two-state solution.
Jawanza James Williams, one of the original organizers of the encampment in June, said the use of hundreds of police officers to disperse several dozen people was “a reminder of why we made the demands we did in the beginning.” Mr. Williams also disputed Mr. de Blasio’s argument that the homeless encampment was a health concern, pointing to the Center for Disease Control’s warning that breaking up homeless encampments could risk a spread of the coronavirus.
But for many, it’s an ordeal just finding out what the actual symptoms or guidelines are.
And then, one day, as an old woman, she hears someone suddenly mention her daughter’s name — “Lucy?
The mistake was quickly caught and rectified before the results became official, but Ronna McDaniel, the chairwoman of the Republican National Committee, claimed that “we found 2,000 ballots that had been given to Democrats, that were Republican ballots, due to a clerical error.” Ms. Barton, who has served as the Rochester Hills clerk for eight years, learned about Ms. McDaniel’s comment from a reporter and promptly took to social media to rebut the “categorically false” assertion.
The expanded testing — which has already begun at a homeless shelter in the Los Angeles neighborhood of Skid Row — could offer an early glimpse of how widely the virus has infiltrated society, even among people who otherwise appear healthy.
They have another shot today.
Can I apprentice?’” But her career turned instead to acting and modeling.
He’d been good to her, even while he’d also been a dark official in the Cultural Revolution; he’d done things she had never been able to understand.
One was hit so hard, his socks fell off.
“My personal view is that the banks were looking for an excuse to nip this in the bud and also give them adequate time to try to get their own online operations up to speed,” he said.
But if one way this movement has an impact is by having weaker ties but with broad reach, that is OK in some cases.
Most significantly, Mr. Biden’s advisers are in discussions with Jennifer O’Malley Dillon, who last year managed Beto O’Rourke’s presidential bid, to take a senior role alongside Anita Dunn, the chief strategist.
From a letter that IBM’s chief, Arvind Krishna, sent to Congress: • “IBM firmly opposes and will not condone uses of any technology, including facial recognition technology offered by other vendors, for mass surveillance, racial profiling, violations of basic human rights and freedoms, or any purpose which is not consistent with our values and Principles of Trust and Transparency.” • Mr. Krishna added that while A.I.
But even as she rose, she could not help but notice how the crowd of women around her thinned.
Last year, over the administration’s objections, lawmakers passed legislation recognizing as a genocide the 1915 killings of an estimated 1.5 million Armenians, and another bill, included in the annual defense policy bill, that imposed sanctions on Syrian officials responsible for human rights violations during the nation’s civil war.
Jan Paternotte, a member of the Dutch House of Representatives, praised the study’s release but called for a hearing of those involved, saying he believed he would secure the necessary support during a committee meeting on Wednesday.
The initial wave of the flu arrived in Philadelphia aboard a British merchant ship that docked at the city’s Navy Yard.
“There’s the potential for a crisis in the next year or two concerning E.U.
Going from the current enthusiasm to doing the million things that need to be done — simultaneously — to start correcting systemic racism (whoever thought that phrase would trend on social media?)
The national lockdown also disrupted the French tradition of buying lilies of the valley from shops and sidewalk vendors, to give to family and friends as symbols of good fortune.
• Teachers, discover more ways to teach with our Picture Prompts and learn how to use our free daily writing prompts for remote learning.
If they act relatively early in an outbreak, as in this case, they may lack key information about the severity and contagiousness of the disease.
And they shouted “stop,” and they’d been shouting it before.
It seems that when I’m not in class or in one of my extracurricular activities I’m on the phone, calling a friend or a family member.
You’re on the cusp of something interesting, but what was actually going on?” Kroll tracked the eczema thread back to puberty.
“This is about public health.
In the meantime, he’ll enjoy some brand burnishing in non-Trump circles for having followed his conscience.
With his impassioned singing of the aria “Recondita armonia,” Mr. Eyvazov conveyed how deeply this restless painter and political rebel adores Tosca, a celebrated Roman diva.
First, Sheri posted a video threatening to release her version of the floor-caressing “WAP” dance that’s been going around the app.
(“Tom Railsback, as of this moment, is a dead duck,” The Journal Star of Peoria proclaimed.)
All they have to do is add the spirit.
Speaking the text does things to my body.
These are red-letter days for Liverpool.
Dr. Jackson appeared to leave himself open to the possibility, but said his wife was committed to staying in Texas.
The officer said, “Turn off your hip-hop when you’re talking to me.” He was listening to “My Way” by Frank Sinatra.
Since the pandemic began, the center’s board of directors has also funded twice-weekly meals for all the families — Chinese takeout or pizza.
In the 1980s and 1990s, he steered G.E.
We believe publishing this essay anonymously is the only way to deliver an important perspective to our readers.” Mr. Taylor’s decision to assail the president anonymously in the Times article created a sensation in Washington because of its claims about the president’s lack of character and inability to govern.
White House officials declined to comment.
Hermanos Peciña is one of them.
I’ll work another day for as long as I can.
Withdrawal means closing off opportunities for U.S. leadership in global diseases of interest, which protects us by controlling disease outbreaks before they reach our borders, as was done with SARS, MERS, Ebola and avian influenza.
“Creo que uno de los grandes errores de 2016 fue no respaldar de inmediato a Hillary como un agente de cambio y como a alguien que nos entusiasmaba”, dijo Rafael Rivero.
Can he win over a considerable share of older voters, and those at the ideological center?
“I don’t recognize myself anymore.
He and Lauren Zarsky, his future fiancée, met there in their freshman year.
Worldwide: The number of new daily cases hit a new high on Sunday, the World Health Organization said on Monday, warning that the pandemic appeared to be worsening globally even as some countries recover.
But the prominence of Venable as a supporter was not without controversy.
Frances Alvarado, 26, who is now a teacher, worked at N.Y.R.R.
One British national, Briony Blackwell, wrote on Twitter that she and her husband were stranded in Cusco with no available flights to leave the country.
But many older workers already face tough decisions.
Some experts are increasingly wondering if China’s lockdown will become pointless the more widespread the virus becomes.
Sign up here to get the briefing by email.
A theater director, Frank Brink, was determined to stage “Our Town” soon after the disaster, to prove that life and storytelling go on.
was distributing to other countries used just two, potentially making it less precise.
Please include your name and the state you live in: climateteam@nytimes.com We’d love your feedback on this newsletter.
El accidente en el Bronx no fue el primero en el que un obrero de Pioneer General resultó lesionado en el trabajo.
In and around downtown, the city is pockmarked with empty blocks where old industrial sites and the businesses that thrived thanks to them used to stand.
Previously available only on hard-to-find cassette releases and online rips, it appears here in an official release for the first time (though sadly without the between-verse banter).
WHEDON There was talk of flashing to what he was doing, but that would have undercut the emotional development.
News of the parade took up a large chunk of the front page of The Washington Post the next morning.
General Suleimani created a network of armed groups that may withstand his death.
In addition to identifying problems, Dr. Smith sought solutions.
The use of hydroxychloroquine spiked after Mr. Trump continuously praised its potential, calling it a possible “game changer” and saying, “What the hell do you have to lose?” His repeated promotions during daily briefings at the White House prompted runs on pharmacies, threatening supplies for the drugs, which are also taken by people with rheumatoid arthritis and lupus.
Mr. Trump himself was singled out by federal prosecutors as “Individual 1” in a court filing in the case that sent Michael D. Cohen, his former lawyer and fixer, to prison.
The contents of these clauses, which detail how to handle unforeseen events, can vary.
Deals • Deutsche Bank’s C.E.O., Christian Sewing, rejected speculation that the German lender would seek to revive merger talks with its rival Commerzbank.
Bret: My inner Burkean tells me that abandoning the Electoral College would lead to all kinds of problems we can scarcely anticipate today.
Asked whether he had “any doubt who won the election,” the outgoing Tennessee senator answered, “Shouldn’t be after Monday.
The judge’s order is the latest twist in a high-profile criminal case that has provoked widespread criticism of Attorney General William P. Barr and has renewed questions about political influence over the Justice Department.
A monthly fee of $1,416 covers maintenance, cable/internet, utilities, parking and a capital assessment.
“The parties with the deepest pockets will secure these vaccines and medicines, and essentially, much of the developing world will be entirely out of the picture,” said Simon J. Evenett, an expert on international trade.
His delusional belief that he knows better than the experts.
With rising concerns that temporary layoffs are turning into permanent job losses, economists worry what this will mean for workers at the bottom rungs of the labor market — those with the fewest skills and the lowest pay.
Pete Buttigieg can and should argue that he has faced the issues troubling a great swath of this country.
“The results reflect the pain and anxiety that Singaporeans feel in this crisis, the loss of income, the anxiety about jobs,” Mr. Lee said early Saturday morning.
Jeff Daniels agreed to play James Comey in Showtime’s “The Comey Rule” on the promise that the four-hour mini-series would be released ahead of the election.
But many in the state are revisiting decisions made since 2015, when a moderate, technocratic Republican governor, Charlie Baker, was elected on a promise to rein in spending.
There was doubt in 2019 as to whether Reeve would be able to whip this young group into shape with Maya Moore sitting out to focus on social activism and Lindsay Whalen having just retired.
Now it’s ‘you have an obligation to go out.’ It leaves me feeling that the science and the public health authorities have been politicized.” Americans’ trust in the federal government has been falling for decades, but the recent months of muddied messaging have left many even more skeptical of public officials.
But now, there was no doubt: “It can only be explained with pre-symptomatic transmission,” Dr. Böhmer said.
“Everything changes so quickly, it’s been a constant scramble since March,” said Leigh Barnes, the chief customer officer for Intrepid Travel, a small-group tour company, which was forced to lay off 40 percent of its staff this year to stay afloat.
President Trump is on the defensive in three red states he carried in 2016, narrowly trailing Joseph R. Biden Jr. in Iowa and battling to stay ahead of him in Georgia and Texas, as Mr. Trump continues to face a wall of opposition from women that has also endangered his party’s control of the Senate, according to a poll conducted by The New York Times and Siena College.
According to the Pew Research Center, 32 million Latinos will be eligible to vote in 2020, compared with 30 million African-Americans.
Its fans (and marketers) feed social media with before and after photos, crediting the diet for life-altering weight loss or other effects.
Among couples who exhibited especially high levels of hostility, the wounds took two days longer to heal.
So Cy Vance starts investigating not only this issue, but also just a whole series of other potential financial improprieties inside of the Trump organization and Inside Trump’s personal finances as well.
He became creative director of Paco Rabanne in 2011 and moved into a high-end apartment in Paris a year later.
Sarah Greene, Helen McCrory and Sidse Babett Knudsen also star.
“New York City does not object to the sale, and the Mets may proceed with the transaction.” The legal review involved a provision in the Citi Field lease, which states that a transfer of ownership is a “permitted transaction” only if the buyer is not a “prohibited person.” The lease agreement defines a “prohibited person” as anyone who “directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a person that has been convicted in a criminal proceeding for a felony or any crime involving moral turpitude.” Cohen has never been charged with a crime, but his former company, SAC Capital Partners, was found in 2013 to have engaged in insider trading, and it ultimately paid $1.8 billion in fines.
Frederick James Kroesen Jr. was born on Feb. 11, 1923, in Phillipsburg, N.J., a son of Frederick and Jean (Shillinger) Kroesen.
And if that’s the exchange, I’m all in.
But after spending time with the student orators, she decided the story should be more about “these issues that the kids were grappling with and the subjects that they cover, like race, social justice, gentrification, immigration,” she said.
The first is between the blunt, quick-witted poet Elle (Lily Tomlin) and the gentle Olivia (Judy Greer).
Ms. Harris, on the other hand, “didn’t go in there and try to be somebody she’s not,” he said.
He was born on Jan. 14, 1948, in Naples.
And yet, reading the stories about Patti LaBelle, Dolly Parton and Barbra Streisand, one is struck anew by how much waiting they all had to do themselves; as women in their 70s who entered show business in the early 1960s, they fought for creative control and respect over decades in which women were often denied equity — every female entertainer is in their debt.
It’s not clear how much impact false information had on how people voted, but it all contributes to an environment in which people are unsure what to believe and don’t trust anything that doesn’t come from their “side.” This week has left me feeling more encouraged about how the internet companies handle bogus information, but more discouraged about how big and thorny the problem is.
Instead, it ended up furloughing many workers this spring in an effort to break even.
También dejó a Armenia profundamente dependiente de Rusia en materia de seguridad, lo que debilita potencialmente la independencia de Armenia.
Siempre te preguntas, “¿Este es el virus?”.
(Eight teams who did not compete in the bubble, on the other hand, have not played since March.)
I was wrong, of course.
The coming year may provide a tipping point for the N.C.A.A., which on Wednesday convinced the Supreme Court to take up a lower-court ruling that said the organization violated antitrust laws by putting restrictions on educational benefits that colleges could provide athletes.
The study looked at how more than a dozen Washington-area banks handled requests for loans under the federal government’s Paycheck Protection Program.
Mark Pitcavage of the Anti-Defamation League points out that extremists on both ends of the political spectrum have committed violence over the years.
Now, with Apparatus well established — it currently has more than 70 employees — Anderson will focus on his solo work.
is related to the number of years that he played football and the number of hits he endured.
Por ahora, él y otros asistentes han tenido que conformarse con sentarse en sofás blancos al borde de la pista de baile y seguir el compás de la música con los pies mientras la cantante del club, con un vestido rosa largo y brillante, actuaba moviéndose por el perímetro delimitado por la cinta roja.
Let us get about the business of using them.
Ms. Harris’s ability to lash her opponent with effective one-liners provided some of the more memorable moments of the evening.
We should teach everyone how to respect instead of just teaching women how to deal with being disrespected.
We will want two things: security and to dance.” “We will be aching for something new, to refresh our personalities,” she said.
For a time, he attached the name to a personal Gmail account.
Dr. Tapia, the Colorado geriatrician, began taking an antidepressant in September after months of feeling “everything from angry to anxious to furious to just numb and hopeless.” The medication has improved her outlook.
“It doesn’t mean we were wrong once and are right now, it just means we’re learning.” Miriam Jordan reported from Los Angeles, and Nicholas Bogel-Burroughs from New York.
Gary Shigenaka, a NOAA marine biologist, emailed Mr. Jacobs urging him to address “this crisis of moral leadership our agency is facing” and asking for reassurance that “we are not mere pawns in an absurd game” pitting science against politics.
Neither Jon Ossoff nor the Rev.
An X-ray revealed a far worse injury.
I loved the students I taught.
“Within our population, we have seen some results that have frankly concerned us with how quickly symptoms have shown, become acute and led to even death,” Mr. Killian said.
If it happened, great, but it was too distant a prospect to be considered in his plans.
Mr. Meridor, the former ambassador, said that though there was no question that Mr. Trump had been good for Israel, Israelis were not blind to America’s diminishing leadership of the world over the last four years.
for good, I’ll probably be required, as an Italian national, to obtain a visa to return to the country that played such an important part in my life.
This spring, community hospitals in Detroit, 45 miles to the east of us, were in deep distress, so my hospital in Ann Arbor accepted an influx of Detroiters — some of whom lacked health insurance — as transfers.
And some of the windows are broken and I did not fix them.
But insulin’s not the only example.
Muhammad Ali spent decades as a voice for justice, even after he was sentenced to five years in prison for refusing to be drafted because of his religious beliefs.
How are you supposed to deal?
Do it wrong, and you are punished.
Asking the European Union for help would be politically tricky for Mr. Johnson.
And what we should fear most is a government that refuses to do its job.
The indictment stems from allegations from three of them: Ms. Mann; Miriam Haley, who says he forced oral sex on her in 2006; and Annabella Sciorra, an actress who has accused him of raping her in 1993.
Seven years ago, Joshua Cohen, then a junior at Brown University majoring in biomedical engineering, was captivated by the question of why people develop brain disorders.
I literally sent my biology teacher an email, saying thank you for educating me.
Interested in learning more about the best things to buy and how to use them?
A lawyer for the church, William H. Forman, similarly criticized the accusations against the church in the civil case, saying in a statement on Thursday that it “remains steadfast that the allegations against it are completely and utterly false.” Though the criminal complaint makes no mention of the church, Masterson’s relationship with Scientology and the women’s accounts of their experiences with the church are likely to play a role in the case.
(Although now that we can put Uncle Bill on mute at Christmas dinner, it’s not all bad, am I right?)
Senators, I attend the Senate in conformity with your notice for the purpose of joining with you for the trial of the president of the United States.
So I began doing the walks virtually: over the phone or via Zoom.
“Dyslexia: The Learning Disability That Must Not Be Named.” NPR, 3 Dec. 2016.
Tubular feeders, fitted with perches too small for large birds, are meant to attract finches and other small birds.
One Republican not up for re-election, Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, has spoken of the harm that climate change has wreaked on her state.
The economics commissioner, Paolo Gentiloni of Italy, said that the bloc would consider Rome’s request for flexibility on European Union fiscal rules on debt, “in the spirit of solidarity and understanding.” Elsewhere, the authorities in Berlin and Moscow reported their first cases of the virus.
When she reaches the line of police officers, she hands one a can of Pepsi.
But, they also pointed out the things that have brought them joy and peace amid the chaos.
The king quickly quashed his sister’s political foray.
“Knowing how stressed the health care system is, prevention is key,” said Dr. Nadine Rouphael, a vaccine researcher and infectious disease specialist at Emory University.
“Some of the decisions just made it really hard to defend against accusations of cronyism, or conspiracy, frankly,” she said.
The influence of early variety television, with its succession of skits and songs, runs through “Sesame Street” and “The Muppet Show,” though Henson also spent the late 1960s crafting peace-and-love documentaries and prototyping a psychedelic nightclub.
A gesture both devastating and detached is a tricky thing to compose, but I think this two-minute cycle of sighs nails it.
The system has lost about $43 million in patient revenue during the pandemic, Dr. Porsa said.
This time around, Mr. Graham evoked less a righteous preacher than a stand-up comedian riffing on his personal problems, even as he blew through committee customs in the final stages to keep Judge Barrett’s nomination on a fast track.
These should be thrown away immediately, never reused.
In a sixth someone was going to a dance.
Mr. Trump has proved his instincts.
But all the stores tend to stay in the same general neighborhood, selling books that are highly commercial.
What’s so striking about the Senate race here, though, is that it’s the incumbent who framed himself as the bold insurgent.
Another strategy that is helping ease the strain: Some food supply is being diverted to grocery stores from the restaurants, school cafeterias and college campuses that have closed.
The committee has been pushing various government agencies to take steps that would enable more foreign doctors to assist during the pandemic.
I hope you’ll read it.
Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes.com.
I feel like it’s hard for many people, myself included, to really engage one another, have adventures and hobbies in the real world, and develop meaningful relationships outside of a screen.
“FEMA is not seeking to take money away from wildfire survivors,” Bob Fenton, the agency’s regional administrator, said in an email.
As for waiting for her Covid-19 results, Mrs. Quiros said she was grateful that she lives in a “beautiful state with a beautiful yard.” She and her husband also have an Australian-shepherd mix named Luna.
While the unemployment rate eased to 13.3 percent in May after jumping to 14.7 percent in April, the Fed called that rate “still very elevated” and said workers in low-wage jobs, who are disproportionately from minority groups, had been hit especially hard.
“I’m here because my sense of helplessness has reached its peak,” said Anna Rabczuk, a graphic designer who attended with her boyfriend and held a banner saying “People before embryos.” She added: “I feel unimportant, I feel less and less like a Pole and I feel really sad about that.” She said the ruling on abortion was part of a broader erosion of the individual freedoms that she believes come with being a part of the European Union.
And to help address the shortage of the medication in the meantime, various organizations have started campaigns demanding that elected officials protect the supply of the medicine for lupus patients.
Tim Hardaway Jr., whose unwieldy contract was shed as part of the Porzingis trade in the name of creating cap space for the Knicks, is also thriving with the Mavericks.
There is no concentration of intellectual power that God gave to men only.
When Robert Mueller released the conclusions of his investigation into the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia, everyone focused on its second section, about Trump, when the first was at least as important.
“You have no idea how disgusted and uncomfortable I felt,” Ms. Raygoza wrote on Facebook.
You’ll also need: A spray bottle for watering (recommended: a one-hand pressure sprayer like the Solo 418) A germination dome to fit your flats, or paper towels A bag of seed-starting mix and a moisture-proof tub or other container to stash it in (after each harvest, the soil can be composted, and once the plant matter breaks down, reused two or three times) A grow light with T5 high-output fluorescent tubes on an adjustable stand (microgreens grow faster and stronger with proper overhead light than they will on a windowsill) A fan And, of course, seeds There is no one-size-fits-all growing method.
But the Food and Drug Administration, established in 1906 to oversee product safety, did not intervene, Posner notes, because its commissioner at the time did not want to be seen as an obstacle to lifesaving medications.
It firebombed a bus at Anniston, Ala., and tried unsuccessfully to burn the Freedom Riders alive by holding the exit doors shut.
As Mr. Trump and his family members darted among meetings in makeshift pavilions, they studiously avoided questions about the drama back home, where the Senate engaged in a fierce clash over the rules for putting the president on trial.
On his way out, he asked the constable, “What am I supposed to do?” The constable shrugged.
“Twilight: Gods” also offers a way forward for performing arts institutions in the United States, which even on an optimistic timeline are facing closures until fall 2021.
Is one lip fuller than the other?
“How much money do corrupt officials have to embezzle before they get caught?
I always say this, but it’s lucky that this type of variety has crosses for every entry, like a regular crossword puzzle (and unlike a standard cryptic).
The situation was magnified when Trump Golf retweeted the video.
For stars who live alone, the emptiness of an apartment can also be a vulnerability they are now revealing.
Cilic, who has not reached the final of a Grand Slam tournament since the 2018 Australian Open, has struggled to maintain the high level of play that made him a mainstay in the top 10 from 2014-18.
The changes are driven in part by a new appreciation for a safer, more sober workplace, as well as the #MeToo movement, which has exposed sexual harassment and other abusive behavior at restaurants.
[The New York Times] “Politics plays a role.” In 2019, hate crimes in the United States rose to their highest level in more than a decade.
More than 31 percent of the pregnant women were hospitalized, compared with about 6 percent of women who were not pregnant.
According to guidelines from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Mr. Trump should isolate for at least 10 days following his positive test.
Se pensaría, también, en los virus de laboratorio.
But it is a good idea to wear them in other indoor spaces, experts said.
Food distributors and other experts are not concerned the city will run out of food — at least not in the short term.
In 2040, assuming I’m still kicking, I’m sure I’ll have misgivings about some of what I wrote in 2020.
— Penn Thank youTo Mark Josephson and Eleanor Stanford for the break from the news.
During the late 1800s, Douglas Avenue was the final dusty stretch of the Chisholm Trail, along which cowboys drove cattle from Texas to Kansas stockyards and railroad hubs.
For our October video chat, the two were perched on the patio of their Pacific Palisades home.
For many joy and pride are enough.
Others are sealing their doors and windows and hoarding air purifiers and heavy-duty filters for when they can use their air-conditioners.
On an Adverse Childhood Experiences test, Ms. Montgomery scored nine out of 10 — a number that coincides with the most extreme forms of torture.
He is someone who could be easily crushed emotionally, but he is also a born noticer, and less opaque than the main character in “What Belongs to You.” Since he narrates all of these free-standing stories in the first person, there is a cumulative effect as though the book were a novel.
Here, he looks at the fine print of a faltering retail deal.
It’s not clear how Mr. Trump’s team could clear up the confusion at this point.
He declined interview requests for this article but has denied ever receiving requests from Confindustria as his government weighed what to do in Bergamo.
The giant sea gate was a bad option from both an ecological and fiscal perspective, but so is taking a sledgehammer to it and any other possible federally funded option.
Biden spoke live to a silent, darkened Delaware auditorium, then turned to a giant screen featuring a grid of selected supporters clapping to their webcams.
Operating out of her Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn apartment since May, Ms. Davies bakes up to 60 cookies a day.
Some treated Nonchalance as a lark, a goof.
One of the tens of thousands of Libyan families uprooted by war, the family of seven was living in a room barely 20 paces long and half as wide.
Bursts of radio waves challenge their orientation, generating signals that are rendered into images.
Good for Facebook, bad for democracy.
“And he still cares about not pissing off those Trumpers.
And it makes it harder for them to know when they can safely back down.
La negativa de Francia a hablar sobre la raza o tan siquiera reconocerla ha sido un obstáculo para la integración y el cambio, argumentan algunos franceses, en especial quienes pertenecen a una generación más joven de activistas e intelectuales.
“i just kinda found it cool having a username that other people would want,” “ever so anxious” said in a chat with The Times.
How about more student debt?
This included social media (obviously).
“Many of the imported cases have been linked to a recent travel history from Wuhan, suggesting that air travel volume may play an important role for the risk of cases being exported outside of China,” the study said.
How many units are on the floor?
The industry tends to operate on slim profit margins.
“He had to deal with being the single parent and having the leadership position and trying to fly,” she said.
I got the news that I was going to get a second chance on life.
It is a place that so many people want to be because of its status as a global center of industries like advertising, banking, creative arts, finance and media.
But as summer went on, that list kept getting longer.
“When you are in public life, people remember the last thing you do.” It was a much more direct plea from Mr. Alexander, who appeared to be referring as much to the president as to himself, given his plans to retire at the end of the year after three terms in the Senate and a career that included a stint as governor and as secretary of education.His statement came on a day when more elected Republicans, including Senators Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia and Rob Portman of Ohio, punctured the Republican resistance to acknowledging Mr. Biden’s victory.
In the weeks since the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission announced plans to effectively reduce institutional investors’ public disclosure of their holdings, more than 1,500 people have submitted comments to the commission.
“These lawyers were just as determined to use the law in whatever way they could to protect their clients against the abuse of state power.” In his later years, particularly after the death of Mr. Mandela in 2013, Mr. Bizos expressed disappointment and disillusion with South Africa’s swerve toward corruption and misrule two decades after its first fully democratic elections in 1994.
He did not express contrition for his handling of the pandemic, saying the demands of his job had put him at risk.
Its expression is daily, not once every turbulent fourth year in dishonorable elections marred by paid voters, disengaged nonvoters, hired goons and illegitimate political “godfathers.” If SARS, Nigeria’s military and its police are all simply the fists with which the powerful do their bidding, imagine the brutality of the arms behind them.
The announcement that the convention will move five blocks from the 17,000-seat Fiserv Forum to the Wisconsin Center, Milwaukee’s convention center, stands in contrast to the plans being made by Republicans, who at the behest of President Trump moved the venue for his nomination acceptance speech from Charlotte, N.C., to Jacksonville, Fla., where local officials have required fewer safety precautions, even as cases of the virus continue to surge in Florida.
(Social media reviews seemed generally positive about the watches, but less so about the format.)
Led by companies like Amazon, Google, Intel and Microsoft, the movement is now a $248 billion market, according to the market research firm Statista.
The term has also been used to insult men who point out poor behavior, and has morphed beyond encounters involving race.
Often the deceptions and exaggerations spread by Mr. Trump and his allies have been about the president’s image and self-regard: the size of his rallies, for example, or his net worth or charitable foundation.
“Something about a virus,” Mr. Veldhuis.
President Fraser assigned him to lead the negotiations that produced the concessionary contract with G.M.
A handful of states have gone further by passing laws that explicitly prohibit discriminating against prospective adoptive and foster parents on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity.
“Badly elaborated, badly implemented.” At Charles de Gaulle Airport for example, arriving travelers are tested, but they do not get the results for at least a week.
“It did not start with Donald Trump — he is a symptom, not the cause,” he said in his kickoff speech at the University of Illinois in September 2018.
Just after noon, a notice shot across Moderna’s secure chat system to join a virtual meeting.
“These are meaningful modifications,” he said on Thursday.
Money, known in financial lingo as liquidity, is flowing into credit markets, which had threatened to seize up as they did in the last financial crisis.
Video of the conga line was shared on Twitter on Monday by Matt Binder, a journalist who said it was initially posted on a private local Facebook group.
The Democratic Party, despite securing its majority in the House, lost seats instead of building its majority as expected.
Rick ScottWashingtonThe writer, a Republican, is a U.S. senator from Florida.
Ms. de Havilland’s son died in 1991.
“Usually, I’m meandering roundabout,” he said with a laugh.
A fellow KSK soldier, identified by investigators as Robert P., but known as Petrus, who ran two of the chats, told the police two years later that it might have been more than twice that: “I have to say, presumably half the unit was in there.” Soon the chats morphed from a platform for sharing information to one dedicated to preparing for Day X. Sipping mineral water, Mr. Schmitt described this as “war gaming.” He portrayed a Europe under threat from gangs, Islamists and Antifa.
As the yacht transporting the sheikha neared the Indian coast in February 2018, however, Emirati and Indian commandos stormed the vessel and captured the sheikha and crew, her friends and associates have said.
One reason it is so difficult to combat M.M.S.
In late 2019, after interviewing current and former senior military officers, the veteran reporter Mark Bowden commented, “I have never heard officers in high positions express such alarm about a president.” In that light, the slow-motion train wreck in civil-military relations during Mr. Trump’s presidency makes some sense.
Iceland, whose outbreak started much later than South Korea’s, is trying to follow a similar path — with the goal of testing every single person in the country.
Ms. Jones, who filed a whistle-blower complaint against the state after she was fired as its virus data manager in May, said agents from the Florida Department of Law Enforcement knocked on her door at 8:30 a.m. on Monday with a search warrant.
But Mr. Kremnev and Ms. Reznik don’t see why it has to be that way.
Cold cuts and deli meats are a common source, too.
This article was translated from English to Russian by Anastasia Lakhtikova.
For a certain class of people, the home must function not only as a pandemic hunkering nest but also be optimized for presentation to the outside world.
Every single number was a person, and one of those was my dad.” Because of their complicated relationship, her parents’ separation when Leilani was in college and the forced isolation of the coronavirus pandemic, she has had to process the loss alone.
Spanning the entire southern side of the main room is a 10-foot-wide pane that provides glimpses of the sea; flanked by a 15-foot-wide sliding glass door to the west and a hinged glass door to the east (both of which lead outside), it creates the impression that this part of the cabin — where the family often enjoys a midafternoon fika — is a pergola, open to the woods.
European Union leaders were holding a teleconference on Thursday to try to bridge differences over a recovery plan to mitigate the crisis from the pandemic.
They merge Masai, Luba, and other African sculptural traits with ones from the Greco-Roman tradition.
Over the last two weeks, more than 47,000 people in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut tested positive — over 13,000 in New York City alone.
Mr. Pettersson, the journalist: “He wanted attention.”
People with depression are not generally restricted to cheerful reading material.
Hasta el lunes pasado, la empresa había agotado las existencias de sus equipos de supervivencia en cangurera (50 dólares) y unos bolsos más grandes llamados Mover (150 dólares), que contienen un botiquín de primeros auxilios, una bolsa para desechos biológicos, toallitas húmedas, desinfectante de manos, baterías, una linterna y otros artículos.
But anti-liberalism is not conservatism.
The only ornament at all is the structure itself, both fragile and kinetic, its rudimentary mechanics laid bare.
Two months later, roughly 77,000 more have perished.
The word “shipaggedon” — referring to holiday shipping delays — appeared for the first time in The Times yesterday, as noted by the Twitter bot @NYT_first_said.
By insisting that the advisory committee vote on any vaccine, regulators created a shield against White House pressure to approve a product before the presidential election.
For more than two weeks, Indonesia has averaged 4,000 new cases a day.
As the race entered its final days, Republicans led by Mitch McConnell, the majority leader, were being forced to shore up candidates in traditionally safe locations such as Alaska, Kansas and South Carolina.
The company has also had trouble getting the word out.
Jessica: Taylor, I feel your work in explaining the way teens use the internet is a public service to parents like myself.
Kenneally has spent decades immersed in the intimate lives of a group of upstate families who share her legacy, using images to explore the way economic forces ravage people’s lives for generations.
Those asked to serve range from Former President Bill Clinton to Mary Arnold, a retired social worker who is chairwoman of the local Democratic Party in Columbia County, Wis. — a swing area just north of Madison that went for Mr. Trump by just a 517-vote margin.
“Being able to say ‘Look at Mulan, she’s beautiful’ — for young Asian-American girls, that was a big deal,” Yuen said.
The story was a joke, but it was unclear whether Mr. Trump knew that when he shared the link, with the comment “Wow, this has never been done in history.” Emma Goldberg, a reporter for The New York Times, recently profiled The Babylon Bee, and wrote about how the site’s satire is frequently mistaken for reality.
He later met with operatives at a military base in Russia, where, prosecutors said, he told his handlers he wanted to “serve Russia,” signing a statement saying so with a code name they gave him, Ikar Lesnikov.
“Whether certain of my family members will elect to not attend certain events because my husband and I are there — that’s possible,” she said.
They’re setting up folding tables and chairs, and there’s a little, small blue tent.
On day 45 of our illness, my husband, Marc, and I woke up and looked at each other.
But virtual communication has its limits, especially in times of grief.
“The smell is amazing,” she says.
Mujib, I wonder if you have talked to those police officers that you had visited before the signing?
Such a regulatory approach carries the risk of government’s meddling in a fast-moving industry that could hobble innovation, some antitrust experts warned.
“So I’m nervous about that.” (Dr. Keup suggested searching for “sibling contracts” as a starting point.)
This coalition existed in 2018 in my election.
The acknowledgment, which scientists said was long overdue, could complicate efforts to socially distance indoors.
He went on to write the screenplays for the musical drama “Sparkle” and the comedy “Car Wash,” both released in 1976, and for Sidney Lumet’s 1978 adaptation of the musical “The Wiz.” Mr. Schumacher earned his first directorial credits with TV movies: “Virginia Hill” (1974), starring Dyan Cannon as the title character and Harvey Keitel as her gangster boyfriend, Bugsy Siegel; and “Amateur Night at the Dixie Bar and Grill” (1979), an ensemble comedy-drama set at a country-western roadhouse.
In February, an official newspaper shared a video of female medics having their heads shaved before heading to Wuhan, ostensibly for a better fit for protective gear.
Mr. Obama never met Mr. Rouhani in person.
It requires a significant amount of physical contact, which is why the waltz was considered somewhat of a guilty pleasure until the early 19th century, when its popularity finally overthrew propriety.
In the days since it ended last Sunday, there are troubling signs that it did.
When Vincent Van Gogh found himself without models, he looked to himself: “If I can manage to paint the coloring of my own head,” he wrote to his brother, “which is not to be done without some difficulty, I shall likewise be able to paint the heads of other good souls, men and women.” The nude human form as a subject of art dates back tens of thousands of years to explicit cave carvings and a woolly mammoth tusk-ivory sculpture: Though headless and small enough to wear as a pendant, the “Venus of Hohle Fels” has huge, gravity-defying breasts and some semblance of a vagina.
Beijing’s broader push for control over the city’s schools and its sweeping interpretation of national security also raises questions about the future of Hong Kong’s status as a hub for higher education in the region.
“But as soon as he hears a sound that he doesn’t like, he completely shuts down — it’s impossible for him to listen to bad music.” At 8, Starlite was put into guitar and then piano lessons by his mother.
The recent escalation started in January when Turkey intervened forcefully, sending drones, air defense systems and thousands of Syrian mercenaries to back the besieged Tripoli government.
A better bet would be to stipulate what should be part of any daily schedule — such as set times for studying, physical activity, adequate sleep and pitching in around the house or community — and then let your teenager come up with a plan that you get to approve.
The president would love nothing better than to fight about whether or not I would in fact pack the court or not pack the court.” Mr. Biden, who served for decades as a senator from Delaware, is a consummate institutionalist and as recently as last year had expressed firm opposition to the idea of court packing.
“For the first time, I can say that I am proud to live in Belarus.” Mr. Lukashenko initially brushed off the protests, trying to quash them with torture, tear gas and rubber bullets, and calling them a foreign-born plot to weaken his grip over Belarus and carve up slices of its territory.
“The difference is that in Guatemala I don’t have relatives.” Even though a Honduran criminal gang had been trying to forcibly recruit her son, Jackeline said, she decided to return and hide out with her mother until she could gather enough money to fly to Spain and seek asylum there.
money vanished into Mr. Kolomoisky’s business empire, the fund requested Parliament pass the bill prohibiting any reversals of bank nationalizations through the courts.
But industry leaders and administration officials said they expected businesses to continue to voluntarily protect bird habitats.
Students 13 and older in the United States and the United Kingdom, and 16 and older elsewhere, are invited to comment.
In addition, a food distribution program that was expanded to feed some of the 4.5 million South Africans out of work because of the pandemic has been stymied by local councilors policing how the food gets delivered, according to charitable and watchdog organizations.
I think we’ve seen what a grave misstep it was.” Ms. Klobuchar’s campaign said she voted for Judge Stras because “given the choices, on balance she thought he was better than the other candidates who would have been nominated from other states.” “Of course Senator Klobuchar disagrees with his comments, just as she has not and will not agree with every one of his opinions,” the campaign said, referring to his writings before he was nominated.
I’d like to thaw it carefully and use some of it for Gabrielle Hamilton’s ace steak tartare, and the rest the next day for filets mignon with morels.
Netanyahu had come off a very difficult year, if you recall.
That boy grew up to be an ophthalmologist, and in a happy merging of vocation and avocation, he developed a passion for numismatics that included a singular area of expertise: He may have known more than anyone about coins, tokens, medals and similar artifacts that were in some way related to the eye.
An Opportunity Scholarship has become available.
In the United States, movies are being shown to seas of empty seats, if theaters are opening at all.
A lot of the supposed evidence of fraud that circulates online comes from these efforts — not from grifts or lies (though grifters and liars do pick them up) but from sincere analyses of election data, which inevitably turn up anomalies here and there, which confirm the searchers’ assumptions, which closes the circle and convinces them that the official narrative is false and voter fraud is real.
The personal stress they were under made it hard for them to focus on academic progress at all.
Those doctors were turning around and making relationships with smaller labs because they were seeing the large ones get inundated from all over the country, slowing down the times.
They’re protected by First Amendment rights.
The show can be thrilling and addictive but also maddening, which makes it a perfect series to project emotions onto without it ever feeling too real or familiar.
But in the moments that I slip out of my vehement resistance to this coronavirus mode of living, I actually enjoy the time with him in our one-bedroom apartment.
The June 23 date is for state legislative races and congressional races.
Baffert has exercised his right to have a second test run on the samples, which can take a week or longer.
“With schools and summer programs closed, it all becomes more of a burden.” This pandemic compounds poverty or causes it outright.
In the poll, 73 percent of residents, including 76 percent of Black residents said Minneapolis should redirect some funding from the police department to social services, such as mental health, drug treatment, or violence prevention programs.
Customers ordered food like hot dogs, sliders and popcorn from the restaurant’s website.
In most cases the panelists will pull from their own Disney experiences and also do some research to see if there is new information available.
Mr. Nader won more than 97,000 votes in Florida in a race where less than 600 votes delivered the state to Mr. Bush.
And there’s an account of one verbal reprimand for using derogatory language in a demeaning tone.
Those turned out to be men’s gymnastics, men’s tennis and men’s and women’s swimming and diving.
Let’s take it back a couple of weeks where the National Park Service says, “Come to parks, we’re not going to charge entrance fees to Yellowstone or Glacier.” Now we have the new challenge of people coming to get away from it all and so they come to Montana and local supplies are strained at the same time we’re trying to curb or limit the spread.
New York had seen enough.
“I don’t walk around talking about Mitch McConnell all the time,” she said, before retreating to a talking point about what Mainers focus on “when they sit down at their kitchen table.” Yet Ms. Gideon was more candid at the end of the conversation, when asked if she was happy with the Senate contest’s becoming nationalized.
But most experts say precautions will probably still be necessary well into 2021, and Mr. Tidwell said that while officials would be happy to ease the restrictions, they were planning for the likelihood that it won’t be possible.
(Craig Garthwaite, Jordan Keener, Matthew Notowidigdo and Nicole Ozminkowski) Daniel Kamensky, the founder of the hedge fund Marble Ridge Capital and a former Paulson & Company partner, was arrested yesterday and charged with securities fraud and obstruction of justice.
A French tourist was caught red-handed using a black felt-tip pen to immortalize her stay in Florence on the city’s famed Ponte Vecchio.
But the men, after a fallow period, are now resurgent with Medvedev; Karen Khachanov, 24, and Andrey Rublev, 22.
George Dow, a Syrian-Christian immigrant living in South Carolina, was twice denied citizenship because of the color of his skin, which “was darker than the usual person of white-European descent.” On appeal, however, he was granted citizenship based on the fact that several Syrian applicants had been previously approved and the opinion that “the inhabitants of a portion of Asia, including Syria, were to be classed as white persons.” While granting George Dow’s claims to whiteness — and therefore to citizenship — the court drew a line between Middle-Easterners and the “Asiatics” that Congress was trying to exclude through various acts of legislation.
My orders are some police, but the military.
Her paintings of Auschwitz, where she was interned for a little more than a year, burn with a rage and shame not dulled by three-quarters of a century.
In which case, check out this collection of recipes for cheap and easy pastas, most of them vegetarian.
The hiss and steam of quenched fire — rain nipping flame’s root, gray mud of ash.
Resentful at my actual dad for being 66, and mortal, and having a chest on which compressions could be — might one day — be done.
And amid the pandemic, the organization has shifted its focus to the expansion of voting by mail.
“You can throw anything at me, and I can make a chaat out of it,” she said.
They seemed likely to succeed, but on narrower grounds.
The communiqué also said the leaders had agreed to ensure “affordable and equitable access” of effective diagnostics, therapeutics and vaccines to treat Covid-19.
I’m grateful that my family members are not in the hospital.
They were all from mares that had been artificially inseminated on known dates, so the researchers knew with some precision how many days along they were.
Whenever it’s in the budget, I want to go up for them until it’s at an extremely livable wage, where they don’t have to have other jobs when we’re off for a couple months.” Her own aims are equally modest.
“When sides take unilateral actions that harm the other side, that are inconsistent with international norms, the other side has a right to be angry,” said Clete Willems, a partner at the law firm Akin Gump who was an economic adviser in the White House until last year.
That was how we avoided having photographers at the wedding.
In May, it forecast 13 to 19 named storms, including three to six major hurricanes at Category 3 and above.
Black transgender people suffer disproportionate levels of police violence, and the American Medical Association said last fall that killings of transgender people, especially women of color, amounted to an epidemic.
The staff of the record store now consists of two women of color (Kravitz’s Rob and Da’Vine Joy Randolph of “Dolemite Is My Name”) and a shy, gay man (David Holmes).
But at least 20 Senate Republicans are unlikely to support any additional spending, party leaders have acknowledged, in part because of concerns over the level of spending and its effect on the national debt.
• Coverage in The Times won seven awards from the New York Press Club, including work from Metro and Science, and our Culture Desk’s articles on the final season of “Game of Thrones.”
Shira: Should I look at a second option for portable speakers, so I can feel empowered in this decision?
Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska became the first Republican to publicly condemn the effort.
What I really want for my sister, and the 1.3 million or so nursing home residents in America, is large-scale reform that can help improve care, reduce infection spread and save lives.
Sasha Wijidessa, the former bar manager at Operation Dagger, an award-winning speakeasy in Singapore, now lives in Copenhagen and often turns to one of her inventions, the Annin Nai, when she wants a taste of home.
At Greenfield Central Junior High School, outside Indianapolis, a student received a positive test on the very first day of classes, and students who had been in close contact were told to quarantine for 14 days.
spokeswoman, declined to respond to a question about I.Q.
“Creating this watch would have been a very long and complex process,” said Katerina Perez, a Paris-based jewelry blogger.
Boyer said he did some research and came across a photograph of Martin Luther King Jr. kneeling in prayer and protest in Selma, Ala., during the 1960s.
(Bloomberg) Tech • A federal appeals court ruled that tech companies are allowed to censor content.
“We do not seem to have met our peak,” Ms. Helgesen said.
Her aim, she says, is “to make it accessible for everyone, all the time, everywhere.” Eric Crosby, the Carnegie’s director, feels similarly, saying that a lesson from lockdown is that “audiences should be able to encounter art regardless of whether our museum doors are open or closed.” Their comments underscore the diffuse and potentially democratic nature of video art in comparison to, say, oil painting.
In recent days I’ve heard stories about inflexible landlords and collapsing business models at every conceivable venue: iconic, world renowned bars; restaurants owned by famous chefs; my beloved neighborhood pub.
“That was the senator that we watched make bank executives cry,” Jess McIntosh, a SiriusXM host who worked for Hillary Clinton, said on CNN after the debate.
Each regression, whether it was more crying and clinginess or less sleep, seemed to precede a unique developmental change, such as the ability to recognize patterns, follow sequences or understand relationships between objects.
Katie Peters, a spokeswoman for the Democratic National Convention Committee, said after Mr. Biden’s remarks that she expected the committee to reveal more details about changes to convention plans by the end of this week.
It was as easy and gentle as he was.
So you will have to look somewhere other than this label to learn that this wine is 95 percent sangiovese and 5 percent canaiolo.
And there’s this dominant frame around his own integrity, all the losses he has suffered, all the resiliency he’s demonstrated.
What are the things we absolutely would not accept?’” she said.
The other church we ought to see is Greater Refuge Temple.
Yo tenía seis años cuando todo ocurrió; era la más pequeña.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
Mr. Putin also offered two grants of $160 per worker to cover a portion of their salaries for April and May.
Thus did smallpox open minds to the efficacy and power of science itself.
Mr. Brown said on Twitter that Ms. Tanden was “smart, experienced, and qualified” and demanded that Senate Republicans confirm Mr. Biden’s team.
After the shutdown of the court system, Mr. Yaalon added: “Blue and White has enlisted to eradicate the coronavirus, unconditionally and without political interests.
But that’s increasingly not the case.
“With lots from 4,500 to 5,500 square feet, they’re not that big.” Sometimes, newly renovated residences with manicured lawns sit next to older, distressed homes.
Then production of the drug would need to ramp up quickly, no small thing as remdesivir requires complex manufacturing techniques.
Para cuando la ocasión lo requiere, como cuando deben hacer la compra, la pareja guarda ropa en un cuarto donde están los implementos de limpieza.
Mr. Albaih, 40, who has editorialized against Sudan improving relations with Israel, said in an interview that the removal from the terrorism list is “part defeat, part victory and part disappointment.” The Americans, he said, didn’t care about how the terror designation had undermined economic growth or kept many people hungry.
En materia de políticas, la Casa Blanca ha presionado durante meses a los Centros para el Control y la Prevención de Enfermedades con el fin de que le resten importancia al riesgo del virus, pues el presidente busca cumplir su deseo de reabrir las escuelas, revitalizar la economía y seguir actuando como si el país hubiera “dado vuelta a la página” en cuanto a la situación del virus.
The series washed over me, and only later did the “too beautiful” issue come to my mind.
But with advances in technology, those old buses are beginning to reach the end of the line.
The world needs balance — at the moment, no country other than the United States has the means to ensure it.
I am a transgender man who is currently in medical school and at the point in my training when I am seeing patients day to day.
If it sounds ridiculous that the face of Bravo seriously aspires to one day host a presidential debate, consider Mr. Cohen’s uncanny ability to shape-shift.
The Times is providing free access to much of our coronavirus coverage, and our Coronavirus Briefing newsletter — like all of our newsletters — is free.
Follow us on Instagram @NYTParenting.
When he did finally move, just slightly, I got the sense that he would prefer to be dead.
Senator Bernie Sanders said he would delay a Senate vote on the measure unless members voted on the bill to increase stimulus checks.
Another works for a global marketing firm.
“But the ATP never stepped up,” Navratilova said.
But the Glasgow native’s first love was always home furnishings.
Algunos hechos básicos: soy redactor creativo, soltero, vivo en el oeste de Massachusetts y el nombre Pom Pom me parece ridículo.
18D: With every cross in place this looked to be a play on “Sweet things,” DESSERTS (the bold letters were in place).
Further, wide use could deplete global supplies, depriving patients who genuinely need the medications.
In Texas, home to one of the largest surges, the governor announced a pause on reopening.
LVMH accused Tiffany of being a “mismanaged business that over the first half of 2020 hemorrhaged cash.” Tiffany shot back that “LVMH’s specious arguments are yet another blatant attempt to evade its contractual obligation to pay the agreed-upon price for Tiffany.” Tiffany filed suit in a Delaware court for breach of obligations.
Yet 95 of the eels died before they reached the sea.
“Today you had this great jobs report,” said Jay Foreman, the chief executive of the toy company Basic Fun.
Either way, the result is not a direct evaluation of the wine itself but a response to wine’s generalized aura.
The cruise ship, on which hundreds of Americans were passengers, represents the largest concentration of coronavirus cases outside China, with several hundred infections.
Last week, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said companies had until May 7 to voluntarily return the funds and that firms would be held “criminally liable” if they did not meet the program’s criteria.
Another campaign co-chair, Mayor Eric Garcetti of Los Angeles, who also served on Mr. Biden’s search committee for vice president, could join a prospective administration, though it was not clear what post might lure him to Washington.
On Jan. 7, the Parliament hurriedly passed the legislation as the country’s main opposition parties voted in support of the law.
He went on to create Ohio Valley Resources, which became Murray Energy.
It sounds so beautiful, but that sounds like a Schumer deal, or maybe a Pelosi or Shifty Schiff.” Reporting was contributed by Maggie Haberman and Michael Gold from New York, and Michael Crowley and Emily Cochrane from Washington.
No quiero nada más que una casa con ventanas donde no entre el frío ni el viento”.
In February, Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue proposed cutting the benefits in half and replacing them with “harvest boxes” filled with cheap staples such as peanut butter, cereal, pasta, and canned meat and vegetables.
Besides, her parents, who are from Peru, would rather she stay home, and she knows how much they could use the $5,000.
Many doctors credited Mr. Reagan’s recovery, if not his survival, to Dr. Ruge’s decision not to disrupt the hospital’s routine.
When 7:30 p.m. (Ticket holders will have two hours to view the film, so the festival recommends queuing it up on time.
They included retired health care workers, furloughed public employees and former hospitality workers.
And in New York City, 17 correction officers will be disciplined for their roles in the death of a transgender woman at the Rikers Island jail.
“And make sure the grill is nice and hot.” Follow NYT Food on Twitter and NYT Cooking on Instagram, Facebook, YouTube and Pinterest.
The hills grew steeper and were covered in a burnt-blond grass.
The gallerists invited the artist Thomas Demand to curate a show, on short notice, of works by artists living and working in the German capital.
Traditionally, service members must carry out orders as long as they don’t consider them patently illegal — or else resign.
Mr. Carney said the leave policy had been developed at a time when Amazon expected testing to be widely available.
It is uncertain whether such a provision might make it to a final bill.
It was flippant, careless and I’m so sorry.” So pretty soon after that, it was announced that Alison Roman’s column had been placed on temporary leave.
“Todavía no sabemos qué tipo de respuesta inmunitaria será importante para la protección”, explicó Luciana Leite, investigadora de vacunas del Instituto Butantan en São Paulo, Brasil.
But he understands his plan might go awry with his wife in the next room.
Why forget that lesson as soon as the pandemic is over?
Start with “Deathtrap” (available for online rental), Sidney Lumet’s adaptation of Ira Levin’s horror comedy, with Michael Caine and Christopher Reeve as dastardly playwrights.
That epidemic prodded Congress to appropriate money for mosquito control, and the C.D.C.
Those accustomed to being the measure of all that is human can come to depend on the reassurance that while they may have troubles in their lives, at least they are not at the bottom.
Of course, most people aren’t going to cold-call scientists — but there is still a good alternative to trying to muddle through academic research papers: Follow the scientists on social media.
Since the beginning of time.
As part of its work, the National Commission on Military, National and Public Service is considering whether to expand the registration requirement to include women.
The transfusion was a radical move that brought Mace back to consciousness.
The main goal was to drain victims’ cryptocurrency accounts.
Some of their ideas are pie-in-the-sky.
Some worker benefits are better than none, but lawmakers in New York, New Jersey and elsewhere have an opportunity to draft sensible legislation that extends meaningful protections to gig workers while providing flexibility and a path to the stability that employment guarantees.
Mr. Farrow, for example, describes the facial expressions and physical gestures of NBC executives during his meetings with them, and then deduces dark motives.
The S&P 500 fell about 1.8 percent.
In truth, as Toll implies, the MacArthur-Nimitz competition was never as enervating to the war effort against Japan as the American-British competition was in Europe.
“It’s a pretty bad storm,” said Jawhar Sircar, a retired government administrator, speaking by telephone as rain lashed the windows of his house in south Kolkata.
“I’d feel guilty to leave.” Continue following our fashion and lifestyle coverage on Facebook (Styles and Modern Love), Twitter (Styles, Fashion and Weddings) and Instagram.
She felt Mr. Trump was truly working “for the people.” And when it came to the Democratic Party, she said, “the negativity started getting to me to the point that I was just ready to quit.” Ms. Motz admires the president even more in this “scary” moment.
Mr. Akard, by contrast, has been a controversial figure since his nomination for a senior State Department job when Mr. Tillerson was secretary.
As a camera wobbles, we glimpse a yellow star sewn onto a girl’s dress: “Jood,” it reads — “Jew.” A group of girls horse around together in an Amsterdam street, giggling.
As it prepared last month to become one of the first professional leagues in the United States to restart competition, officials promoted a policy that allowed any player to sit out and still receive their full salary and benefits for 2020.
The Chiefs used a first-round pick on the game’s most important position only four times in that 50 years, failing badly with Pete Beathard (1964), Steve Fuller (1976) and Todd Blackledge (1983) before finally scoring with Mahomes in 2017.
The Phillies had hoped to play a doubleheader with the Blue Jays on Saturday in Philadelphia and another game on Sunday, but the positive tests caused the team to shut down Citizens Bank Park for baseball activity.
That’s your democracy.” Inside the meeting, Dave had gotten things in order.
The administration has argued that domestic capacity to make iron and steel is essential for national defense and issued broad tariffs globally, before later carving out some exemptions for Argentina, Australia, Canada, Mexico, Brazil and South Korea.
In a statement, the U.S. secretary of state, Mike Pompeo, praised Ms. Tsai for her leadership, including Taiwan’s response to the virus.
Jonty Bravery, 18, from Ealing in west London, pleaded guilty to one count of attempted murder in December, avoiding a potentially lengthy trial, and at that time detailed his intent to kill the child, a stranger to him, in order to appear on the news.
I don’t see anybody shaking hands, for example,” she said.
The college said it initially routed Ms. Phillips’s complaint to its Title IX office for an internal investigation, which concluded that the complaint was not substantiated.
Tokyo, often cited as an international model for its permissive development policies, has expanded its supply of homes by roughly 2 percent a year in recent years, while New York’s housing supply has expanded by roughly 0.5 percent a year.
Kevin Na, the event’s defending champion, explained “You’ve got to remember that all of us tested negative.
To find out, we watched more than seven weeks of press briefings, and we noticed themes that, well, let’s just say other leaders should pay attention to.
The deals are only the third and fourth high-profile direct listings in years, following Spotify and Slack.
The Hashd is a loose confederation of armed groups, some of which have been around for decades.
They asked whether he had diagrams of the scene (no) and why the officers’ body cameras were not activated (the detective said he did not know).
The roster is not bereft of talent, and it could improve as the season goes along, but at least in Week 1 there is no reason to believe Washington can compete with the Eagles.
This is the first time that these deserving communities have seen anything like this.
Georgia’s legislature and Republican governor quickly signed the map into law.
I didn’t do this for any kind of fame or fortune.
He added that Mr. Trump has shown no symptoms and is following virus protocols.
The top Democratic candidates, with the exception of Bernie Sanders, continue to imagine that someone other than Sanders is the front-runner — and then they subject that faux front-runner to tough criticism.
Will players be asked to take a pay cut as a result?
Internet access in America is far more expensive than in other advanced countries, because largely unregulated private providers abuse their market power, much like the private shippers that exploited farmers before the creation of the Parcel Post.
A 36-year-old man in Brazil may be the first to experience long-term remission from H.I.V.
“The first part of love is truth,” she concludes.
Amnesty International accused the government of taking advantage of a world distracted by the coronavirus to dodge international condemnation.
Mr. Newsom emphasized that local considerations would continue to drive his conversations with county health leaders.
That makes sense, said Dr. Sieh, since the lavas that buried the crater must be younger than the impact and the lavas that were incorporated into the tektites must be older.
“One of the things I’m really worried about is that people are drinking to cope with this pandemic," she said.
The videos on Facebook and Instagram were taken down on Monday evening.
“Kentuckians are much more interested in hearing from each candidate about the issues than an ongoing argument about the terms which make Amy McGrath comfortable enough to show up,” she said.
All of our first responders are already putting themselves in harm’s way.
If it’s too thick, add olive oil to thin, and toss in halved, pitted green olives, such as Castelvetrano, Picholine or Cerignola, and fresh dill or mint.
The side effects can be quite serious: A study published last year in the Journal of Adolescent Health found muscle-building supplements nearly three times more likely than vitamins to cause severe medical events including emergency room visits, hospitalizations and death.
Though many of the pieces are crafted by a family-owned tailoring company in Parma, Italy, and though there are sporty elements (an ivory cashmere polo shirt, a suede bomber jacket the color of wet sand), they don’t fall neatly into either of the two major categories that define contemporary men’s clothing: streetwear and suiting.
“The Suffragists needed one more vote.
If found guilty, he could be fined up to $3,725 for each infraction.
“This is still evolving,” Dr. Barbot said at the mayor’s Sunday briefing.
Dr. Osterrieder said that even though the idea was still speculative, he thought it made sense.
And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing.
The new installment announced Sunday — $700 billion in planned purchases, if you’re counting — actually has more in common with the first rounds of bond buying announced in late 2008 and early 2009.
Caitlin Klevorick, a CBI Acquisitions spokeswoman, said by email that the company believed that if any potential environmental problems exist, they resulted before CBI Acquisitions became landholders.
“It was my dream to have an office that looks like Rex Harrison’s in “My Fair Lady,” he said.
… He’s telling you he hopes you’ll be wild enough to love things you cannot see.” For all the novel’s visual description, then, it’s Van Meter’s perceptive eye for this — the unseen — that makes for a coming-of-age that’s as human as it is wild.
Yet just a few days ago Axios reported that the president and some top aides were questioning the high death toll.
So what can you do?
Some demonstrations looked more like performance art than the seas of people with thunderous chants that were hallmarks of last year’s protests.
“My whole family canceled their tickets.” Jack Huang, a 76-year-old businessman in Rowland Heights, Calif., said he was worried about how easily the virus could spread in the United States.
He also said he hoped Mr. Rolfe “gets a fair shake because police have not been treated fairly in our country.” Some observers have said the shooting death of Mr. Brooks could have been avoided if the two officers, who are white, had declined to arrest him.
It has also enabled the organization to expand its breeding program.
I’m not going to do that; I’m going to be quick.
Three top health officials began to quarantine themselves over the weekend, including Dr. Anthony Fauci, who said he had contact with an infected staff member.
The health of a media company depends on attracting audiences — and our movie, aired in August of an election year, would have been very big news.
Now 88, she loved to dance and write when she was a teenager — qualities I was sure attracted my taciturn dad.
Then, in September, after the paper had gone through a round of peer review, his employer, the U.S. Geological Survey, reversed course and opposed publication.
In a survey of 16,000 Americans this summer, the consulting group Deloitte Digital found road trips and short-haul regional travel were preferred by 65 percent of respondents, a number it expects may increase during the holidays.
In this Montfermeil, however, we watch tensions between police and residents escalate into outright warfare.
(NYT) • Speaking of Uber and Google, both companies have now told office-based employees that they can work from home through June 2021.
The organization then informed Wallace of the discovery and released a statement that evening calling it a “heinous act.” The following day, federal officials opened an investigation.
Hours before the new case numbers were announced on Friday, the Ministry of Health presented a new plan with guidelines on how local officials could safely resume activities in cities and states.
Trying to get back to the puzzle page?
Rocket artillery hit the nearby Holy Savior Cathedral twice earlier this month, and the paving stones outside it were still stained with the blood of a Russian journalist critically injured in the second strike.
Robert Dunham, the executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center, which does not categorically oppose the death penalty but has been critical of its use, said that while the year’s numbers were distorted by the pandemic, states and the federal government faced the same virus but responded very differently.
No one will miss it, homeless asylum seekers said, even as they faced more nights in the open.
“Remember what I said earlier: Tension in your buttocks makes you stupid.”
“I’ve just been watching the numbers every day, hoping to see them start dropping,” he said.
Usually, I described the connections between Mahatma Gandhi’s notion of satyagraha, the struggle for truth, and the Rev.
For more than six months now, many workers deemed essential have had to strap on face masks for shifts at meatpacking plants, Walmarts, grocery stores, hardware stores and restaurants.
Syd Logan, San Diego: Pence’s response to the eighth grader.
With so many trees and plants cut down, the water they would normally collect and feed back into the ground and rivers is disappearing.
There are tons of resources available online to explore these and many other issues related to adoption.
A previous biographer, Norma Stevens, one of Avedon’s business partners, alleged that Avedon and Nichols had a long clandestine romance.
So all of a sudden, this ahead-of-its-time, pre-planned program to make sure the U.S. has enough ventilators is not producing ventilators that the U.S. may eventually need.
She suggested that recent coverage of a trip she made over the Thanksgiving holiday had unduly dragged her family into the spotlight.
Every Saturday and Sunday, the mall hosts a farmers market in an atrium.
This will become increasingly important in the coming months.
Now I think it’s more beneficial, mentally and physically, to rest sometimes because your body and your mind can heal and you can work on yourself as a person.
TikTok, with its fun artificial intelligence tools and more than 100 million users in the United States, would most likely fit that pattern.
“The president has shown that he believes that he’s above the law and scornful of constraint.” The Senate proceeding, the third impeachment trial of a president in the nation’s history, was fraught with partisan rancor and political consequence both for Mr. Trump and for the two parties grappling over his future.
“You’ve got recreational bettors that haven’t had any major sports who are anxious to bet,” he said.
But Mr. McCarthy conceded, “This bill has been tainted,” according to one person on the call.
“It just feels a bit more interactive, especially for something like jewelry.” Layered and stacked pieces — the #neckmess trend — are a Threads signature style and especially appealing with moving images.
There is no evidence that they protect against becoming infected with it.
A laundry room and a very large storage room are in the basement.
“The police have their weapons on them where you can see them.
Mark Ridley-Thomas, a Los Angeles County supervisor and chair of a statewide homelessness task force, cautioned against waiting for more permanent affordable homes to be built.
And be sure to check out our full assortment of free newsletters from The Times.
I can even work on technique outside on the driveway.” John Calipari, the coach at Kentucky, has had five underclassmen declare for the draft this spring.
A prominent group assigned to the task was the Harkat-ul-Mujahedeen, and one of its new members in 1989 was a bright 20-year-old son of a government schoolteacher who had graduated from a seminary in Karachi.
“I feel that a lot of employers have learned you really can get a lot of stuff done at home and workplace norms from before are no longer applicable,” Ms. Temkin said.
“People say, ‘I don’t have the time,’ but it doesn’t have to be this drawn out thing.
Officials in the Bay Area, the Los Angeles area and in San Diego took similar steps.
But on Monday afternoon, the lawyers representing his family presented a very different version of how Mr. Floyd died.
A: And remember that the Covid-19 test you’re taking could mean nothing, too, because it only works if you’re in the thick of the illness.
I had my hair figured out in February.
“We can’t sort of paint it as a positive or a negative,” said Dr. G. Marshall Lyon III, who is leading the Regeneron clinical trials at Emory University in Atlanta.
After buoying Palestinian hopes with early talk of striking “the ultimate deal” to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mr. Trump dashed them when he recognized Jerusalem as Israel’s capital and moved the American embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv.
From Galicia to the Basque region and the capital region of Madrid, regional governments implemented their own emergency measures before Mr. Sánchez put into force the nationwide lockdown.
“It’s been this long, drawn-out loss, and it’s a lot to take in emotionally,” said Jeremiah Moss, the author of “Vanishing New York: How a Great City Lost Its Soul,” a book about gentrification.
I gulped down hard, and after another song, it was with some relief that we began to pack up.
“Reich has an almost unmatched ability to make insightful observations about the nation’s inequities,” our reviewer Jeff Madrick writes, “and in ‘The System,’ he observes that the question is no longer Democrat versus Republican or left versus right, but ‘democracy versus oligarchy.’” PEW, by Catherine Lacey.
He was 79 and, by many accounts, would soon show hints of dementia.
O úntalos con mantequilla de cacahuate o tahini para picar.
“He wants to debate, he plans on being at the debate, but he wants the rules to be fair and wants a fair exchange and doesn’t want rules that cover for certain candidates’ inability to perform well.” Things have been so unsettled that Mr. Biden’s aides felt compelled to respond to a wave of speculation that there would be no more debates, announcing that he was not backing out.
¿Trabajas en la industria de la salud en una comunidad hispanohablante?
But from his point of view, he was telling the truth.” Robert Sam Anson was born on March 12, 1945, in Cleveland.
While his time in New England might seem like an endless run of excellence, one year does stand out.
Rain, of course, dampens fire risk and helps spur plant growth in places that have burned.
I met my high school’s physical education requirement by walking four laps around the track while gossiping with my friends, three times a week.
Let me go ahead and randomly text her at four in the morning.’” Ms.
There was no unusual military movement in North Korea around the time the man was believed to have ​crossed, officials said.
The national organization’s president, Vince Malta, said in a statement in June that there was no reason that real estate professionals could not use the term since there was no evidence of its historical connection to slavery.
The Louisville Metro Council on Thursday unanimously voted to ban “no-knock” warrants, a controversial procedure that the city’s police force used during the fatal shooting of Breonna Taylor in March.
Besides, she’s online all the time these days, endlessly liking, sharing, and getting into fights with conservative trolls.
Staged at Christmastime and performed throughout much of the Anglophone world, pantos take classic fairy tales and zhuzh them up with famous guest stars, topical humor and song parodies.
So we are working very closely with the Justice Department, we’re working with local law enforcement, we’re working with everybody, and we’re speaking with the family, and hopefully everything can be fairly taken care of.
youth must be based on the express belief that there are people of good will in every state, and that young people in every state matter.
Well-connected parents — lately Uma Thurman and Donald Trump Jr., among others — sent their children to its shabby-chic building on East 52nd Street in Manhattan.
Why does my bank say it’s not ready to take applications yet?
Instead, we need to work together to make sure everyone has the protection they need, and understands how and when to use it.
Oil companies insist that they must continue with some oil and gas investments, not least because those earnings can finance future energy sources.
Dr. Literat: There’s relatively little crosscutting political talk (i.e.
Según un reportaje reciente de El Mostrador, esta declaración de guerra la habría motivado un informe del ministro de Defensa, según el cual “las inteligencias venezolana y cubana habían estado gestando una ‘ofensiva insurreccional para Chile’”, pero una semana más tarde, más de un millón de personas salieron a marchar por la capital, evidenciando que el malestar ciudadano iba mucho más allá de cualquier teoría conspirativa.
New Jersey’s prison death rate is the highest in the nation, with 27 deaths per 10,000 prisoners, according to data collected by The Marshall Project and The Associated Press.
Together with Mr. Jordan, Dominique Crenn and other chefs, Mr. Keller has formed the Business Interruption Group, an advocacy organization demanding that insurance companies pay those claims.
Kat Jercich (@KJercich) is a writer and editor in Chicago.
“It’s suddenly revealing all the things that were present before but unseen.” Interest in financial therapy rose after the 2008 recession.
Exasperated, Mr. Crouch pulled off his mask and glared at Captain Dungan.
New York City public schools were still open, and many of my peers were choosing to pull their children out.
Last week’s record: 7-8-1 Overall record: 86-86-5 Cleveland Browns at Tennessee Titans, 1 p.m. CBS Line: Titans -5.5 | Total: 54 There’s no such thing as a hollow win — they all count the same in the standings — but the Browns (8-3) have certainly not faced much premier competition in recent weeks, which included wins over Cincinnati, Houston, Philadelphia and Jacksonville.
“He ate, followed me all around, was super engaged, and really alert.
Since that time, the virus has also spread to at least 24 countries, triggering fears of a global pandemic.
And average rents have increased by as much as 40 percent in some counties over the past three years.
Oh, it’s some new tool.’” Ms. Pierson, 72, and Ms. Coleman, 55, met in 2002 at a musical event in Woodstock.
Doctors say they are rationing gloves, reusing masks and raiding hardware stores.
The United States, he writes, might be “the first large modern society to go from fully developed to failing.” But for all his grim assessments, he offers solutions (including stronger unions and a universal basic income), and believes change is possible — so long as the left adopts tactics the right used decades ago.
What happened to the others?
Since then, company executives say, they have been more successful in balancing WW’s wellness push with its weight-loss mission in its marketing, noting that the company hit an all-time high of five million subscribers at the end of last year.
Lucas Sin was recently telling a Dominican cook about hong dou sha, a red bean soup popular as a chilled Cantonese summer dessert.
With no cough and only a moderate fever, she lacked some of the symptoms that, at that time, were the most easily recognizable signs of Covid-19, the disease caused by the coronavirus.
The overwhelming commercial success of the series ensures that the door has been flung wide open for follow-up projects.
Some of the protagonists in the fictionalized series are based on real people, such as a hospital leader who insisted on working despite battling his own chronic illness.
The Police Department’s history of using chokeholds has come under particularly intense scrutiny in the years since the 2014 death of Eric Garner, who was placed in a such a hold by a police officer while he was being arrested.
“What’s happened is that with the partial closure of the economy, the flow of coins through the economy, it has gotten all — it’s kind of stopped,” Jerome H. Powell, the chair of the Fed, told lawmakers while testifying on Capitol Hill last week.
“He looked even larger and more ferocious than I’d imagined.” According to Mr. Hyslop, the last time such a complete specimen arrived on auction was in 1997, when a T. rex called Sue sold for $8.36 million to the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago.
Mr. Levinson disappeared from Kish Island, off the coast of Iran, on March 9, 2007.
But advance and mail voting could delay a final result in 2020 by hours or even days.
So Dr. Laroche’s family in Port-au-Prince, Miami and New York began a desperate search on social media to find someone who beat Covid-19 and was willing to donate blood.
Here’s how to do so safely.
Many also lack enough equipment to prepare them for mailing.
Yet a recent study by the society found that half of us wrongly estimate our life expectancy by five or more years, with 23 percent overestimating and 28 percent underestimating.
She felt so directionless at the time, she told The Herald in 1985, that during the day she thought she was “going to pass out standing there in the kitchen.” So she contacted the rabbi of Temple Beth Sholom in Miami Beach to propose a series of lectures.
Either way, the images are of messy interiors, masks and hand sanitizer, wet floors and dripping ceilings, toilet bowls and television screens.
It’s something of a laboratory for companies, some hastily formed, trying out the consumer testing market.
Para asegurarse de que los usuarios pudieran respirar a través de la tela, salió a caminar por su vecindario con uno puesto.
“NOËL COWARD’S FANTASTIC, but all I could think was: What’s the use of having an American one?” Greenberg says to me one afternoon in December from across a vinyl booth at Chelsea’s Rail Line Diner, the playwright’s de facto office.
earlier this week contacted New York State’s chief judge, Janet M. DiFiore, to notify her that Mr. Den Hollander had her name and photo in his car, according to a spokesman for the New York court system, who said the other New York judge was also notified.
Mr. Trump has a G.O.P.
“Shabab retains freedom of movement in many parts of southern Somalia and has demonstrated an ability and intent to attack outside of the country, including targeting U.S. interests.” Several ominous signs indicate that the Shabab is seeking to expand its lethal operations well beyond a home base and attack Americans wherever it can — threats that have prompted 46 American drone strikes so far this year to try to snuff out the plotters.
And as great as the Knicks shot was, it was something that happened years afterward that forever enshrined Carter in Heat lore.
“The endemic challenges in the sector clearly required substantial, long-term engagement,” Rosey Hurst, the founder of Impactt, said in an email, adding that Utthan was intended as a collaboration between brands and exporters.
He said that “only a few had mild symptoms.” In October, Zheng Zhongwei, a senior health official, said the government had established a “follow-up program” to track the people who had been vaccinated, though he gave no details.
A percolator was the soundtrack of my childhood.
Her attack on Warhol fractured mainstream feminist groups, including the National Organization for Women, whose members were split on whether to defend or condemn her.
There will be “a tremendous amount of attention and scrutiny placed on people applying for these loans after the dust settles,” said Mr. Amdur, who leads Pillsbury’s private equity team.
(Reuters) Politics and policy • The last act of Joseph Otting, who is stepping down today as one of America’s top banking regulators: easing anti-redlining rules, despite opposition from bank trade groups.
Health care providers can view trends over time.
Mr. Blunt said he believed Mr. Trump was confused about the separation between the pandemic relief part of the bill and the foreign aid proposed by his own administration in the government spending portion.
Online ads — like direct mail and robocalls — can make setting the record straight very difficult.
Shifting from exasperation to rationalization maintains your connection to what’s happening while reducing the emotional charge.
The arrival of millions of migrants in recent years has tested that thinking.
Bolt, the Jamaican sprinter who holds world records in the 100- and 200-meter dash, celebrated turning 34 on Friday at a surprise party.
Let’s see on the west coast I’d love California.
She would like her extended family to participate in the show, but some of them “might need some coercing,” she said.
xoxo.” Now it’s me who needs to apologize because it’s that exact thing — hearing her music and her voice waft through my kitchen — that is keeping me sane.
Go here for the latest on the coronavirus.]
He expects them to benefit from “another year of central banks flooding the system with liquidity.” Other suggestions include shares of European automakers and companies that cater to consumers in emerging markets.
This is, however, a good opportunity for leaders to rethink their current policies and rhetoric on prevention — because what the president’s case highlights are the limitations of even the best testing regimes.
For some, in-person instruction has already begun — albeit with new precautions: In Vermont, for example, class might take place in the open air, under a tent, while in South Carolina, some students might find their desks separated from their neighbors’ by plexiglass dividers.
Los Angeles, and California generally, has lagged behind many areas of the country in testing its residents for the virus.
Rene tried to resume some semblance of a life, but her heart had sustained a mortal wound.
The tension in this book is so great, what takes place here is so wild and dark, and at the same time so associative, that it is no exaggeration to say that it captures the rise and fall of an entire culture.
The result feels like a pre-emptive apology, at once glossed over and heavy-handed.
“Modi promised ‘better days,’ but he has only brought the worst days so far,” said Mr. Singh, adding that fertilizers and pesticides prices have also increased under Mr. Modi.
And even if you never take an Uber ride, have groceries delivered by Instacart or eat burritos brought by DoorDash, the start-ups’ existence has made transportation authorities, supermarkets and restaurants bend to our needs.
The Chamber hopes to work productively with the administration on these issues, as we have on a broad array of other policies like tax reform and streamlining regulation.
Her experience with remote learning was adequate at best.
“It was a tumultuous time, and I think we took advantage of it,” he said in an oral history for the Television Academy Foundation, “but unfortunately ABC looked at numbers and said, ‘This could be funnier.’” He was shown the door, right when Mr. Self was looking for someone to bring “M*A*S*H” to television.
But two weeks later, when European Union leaders met to approve that package, the deal already looked like too little, too late.
Not in the city where I played.
If one is hiding in a cornfield near a highway, it could bolt into the road and surprise a driver, the sheriff said.
That night, the two connected on a deeper level, sharing their feelings about their marriages and divorce.
This does not portray us in a favorable light.
This week, ​in ​the southern city of Pohang, a woman tested positive after attending Mr. Jun’s church gatherings.
In response, rebel groups pulled out of peace talks with the government and called for an investigation.
China has had a poor environmental record, prioritizing its breakneck economic transformation over the past four decades.
Rather than trust Ukrainian courts to ensure no additional I.M.F.
Ever since, the parties have been fighting in court over what aspects of McDonald’s health, going back many years, were or were not disclosed to the insurer.
[Chico Enterprise-Record] Santa Ana sued Dana Point, San Clemente and San Juan Capistrano, saying that those three cities aren’t doing their share to provide shelter to homeless residents.
“This amendment, if enacted into law, would surely send a message that corruption is tolerated in New Jersey — or at least implicitly sanctioned by state legislators,” a group of 41 organizations wrote to legislative leaders in a letter released Tuesday.
This systemic risk drove the Bush and Obama administrations and the Fed under Ben Bernanke to give emergency loans to A.I.G.
In a rare challenge to the monarchy, they have also called for the king, Maha Vajiralongkorn Bodindradebayavarangkun, to come under the Constitution’s authority and return control of the crown assets, worth tens of billions of dollars.
They are running about 4:55 miles.
President Trump’s Tweets Since Election Day 25 tweets Labeling increased after Mr. Trump began making claims about voting fraud.
“There’s been a lot of behind-the-scenes things that I’ll be glad to share with you guys after the season,” he said.
Pausing near a model of Darth Vader’s castle on his desk, Jack said he once considered becoming an actor.
Many I talked to this week argue that they have a duty to their investors, which often include public pension funds, so that they cannot put capital at risk for businesses that are now badly distressed.
Last week, Mr. Trump issued an executive order barring Americans from investing in Chinese companies with ties to China’s military.
Neighbors who put their pickups into park to chat when they drove past each other and recluses who shunned society.
Lockdowns offered a temporary reprieve from toxic air in some of the world’s most polluted cities, though in countries that began to open up first, like China, pollution has crept back up, along with greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming.
I talked to two people overseeing 911 emergency response systems whose digital modernization — not trivial for resource-strapped government agencies — is helping the helpers help us.
But some of the money did get into their hands, and rapidly bounced from shell account to shell account.
He would, eventually, transcendently, apply them to abstraction.
El otro día tuvo un enfrentamiento desagradable con dos mujeres sin mascarilla en el supermercado.
Mr. Trump did not make it easy.
Cientos de embarcaciones cruzan la bahía transportando suministros y trabajadores desde y hacia las plataformas.
That was to take two years, after which she planned to shift to instructing young Lebanese artisans in the craft.
Our missions of education and research drive innovation, advance technology and support economic development.
I’m working with our public art department and other property owners to try to preserve those boards that people have been using to protect their businesses.
And so, in 2007, she took time off from her job to pursue a master’s degree in green energy and environmental policy at Columbia University, which kick-started a more than decade-long inquiry into sustainability; she returned to the university in 2019 for a master’s in sustainability management.
And the melismatic passages are exciting, almost like a game.
Mr. Trump voted by mail in the last election.
Their goal is to intimidate and harass critics by saddling them with prohibitively expensive, nerve-racking and time-consuming legal processes.
It is even easier to see why those who never had much time for it feel vindicated by the crassness, the chutzpah of soccer during the pandemic.
It could be in someone’s attic or chock-full of pencils on a schoolkid’s desk.
The youngest just turned 1.
Well, you can say that in some instances but that’s a matter of life and death at this point is somebody saying wow you’re saying the public isn’t smart enough to watch it.
Every reader is different, and some people might well like to fall into flamboyant thrillers with high body counts, corrupt officials and preposterous plot twists.
Farhad wants to chat with readers on the phone.
You got an extra-long receipt from CVS?
In Minnesota, Democrats had rallied to Ms. Omar’s aid in recent weeks, making bedfellows of progressives such as Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and establishment leaders like Speaker Nancy Pelosi.
So you have to request a ballot to vote as a Democrat.
“Whether I would have done anything different at the time, I’ve thought about that,” he said.
Ultimately they concluded that eating two or more servings of red meat, processed meat or poultry per week was linked to a 4 percent to 7 percent higher risk of developing heart disease.
I’d seen “Mural” once before, when it washed up at the Peggy Guggenheim Foundation in Venice in 2015, and I’m glad to see it again here after the Mexican marvels of “Vida Americana.” In the context of the Mexican muralists, above all Siqueiros, this hinge painting appears here as a more composed and indeed more social artwork, and not so weighed down by the Jungian claptrap and penny-ante existentialism that, after three-quarters of a century, cling to Pollock still.
In Utah, there is a four-way Republican primary for the chance to challenge Representative Ben McAdams, a Democrat, who defeated Mia Love, the Republican incumbent, by an even narrower margin in 2018.
In Lester’s account, the agency has no intention of publishing it.
Sailors on both ships described being shortchanged in training and exhausted by the pace of operations.
Its author will receive 50,000 pounds, or about $64,000.
But among this group, Skims has the widest size range (XXS to 5X) and color range (nine shades, compared with three or four at the other brands).
Her 2008 feature, “Wendy and Lucy,” also shows a relationship between human and animal in the Pacific Northwest.
Joining her on the church patio were about 20 clergy members who passed out snacks.
The coronavirus might accelerate that trend, at least for a time, should global companies find themselves locked out of China.
Former prime ministers do not, as a rule, sniff drugs before appearing on CNN.
When her husband died eight years ago, people took up a collection to pay for his cremation.
But he acknowledged that “there are examples of hotels in Italy and elsewhere where more has been done to preserve the interior’s identity, and in that sense I think that in Spain we still lack a bit of cultural sensitivity.” Mr. Lamela, the architect of the project, said it was understandable that such a vast tourism project had generated an intense debate, but he also argued that it was important to think of what would have happened to Canalejas if it had been left as a set of former bank buildings.
The rule made it illegal for health insurance providers to categorize gender transition-related treatments as cosmetic and to explicitly exclude those treatments from their plans.
“In their beaks they hold a sapphire whose deep hue reflects the midnight sky.” “A Walk in the Woods: David Webb’s Artful Animals” will be on view by appointment at 942 Madison Avenue from April 16 to April 27, davidwebb.com.
Since its inception in 1979, the Islamic Republic of Iran’s state policy has been to dispute Israel’s right to exist as an independent nation.
Over time, as an immune system encounters pathogen after pathogen, it builds up a memory of known villains.
In domestic politics, Mr. Putin and the ruling United Russia party are seen as well to the right of the post-Soviet Russian Communist Party, though these positions matter little as police repression has squelched most real political competition.
Even before the coronavirus struck, more than half a million Americans were homeless, many of them forced to sleep on the street.
Would my intervention do my daughter’s friend any good?
Was there a big learning curve in conveying basketball properly?
Other parts of the subway faced their own mishaps.
So I just want to be clear.
Johns Hopkins University has put together this handy tool to monitor school reopening plans across the country.
It wasn’t until this summer, however, that she was inspired to use her hobby to deal with financial troubles.
To the east is the Quaker Hill area, its leafy streets lined with horse farms and expansive estates.
In addition to those killed, several people were injured at each of the locations, the broadcaster said.
Durante años, las investigaciones han demostrado que esta práctica estimula la pérdida de peso y mejora la salud metabólica, pese a que gran parte de los datos proceden de experimentos con animales o estudios reducidos y de relativamente poca duración en seres humanos.
China diplomats began reporting strange symptoms in spring 2018, as U.S. officials stationed there were trying to coax their Chinese counterparts into a trade deal that Mr. Trump had promised to deliver.
Mr. Trump has said he could compel companies to prioritize making ventilators, masks and other needed goods.
The blog largely depends on advertising to stay afloat, but in this moment, “We absolutely didn’t want to try and take a sales approach and get money or anything like that,” Ms. Miller said.
Now it is society’s turn, he added, “to trust in the women’s game.”
Congress could pass a 100 percent tax on rental and income interest during this period to enforce compliance without needing to void contracts.
The country’s automated welfare system, Universal Credit, has faced years of criticism, including from the United Nations, for making it harder for some citizens to obtain unemployment benefits.
Mr. Wiley shares with him a commitment to clear symbols with direct impact that made David the ideal artist of political power, and makes Mr. Wiley quite nice for the age of Instagram.
“I believe we saved lives last night,” Sheriff Swanson said at a news conference on Sunday.
The National Council of Health Secretaries, which represents municipal health officials, called Mr. Wizard’s accusation outrageous.
Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes.com.
Only around 600 intensive care unit beds were equipped to treat coronavirus patients in the city, so she bought hundreds of ventilators from the United States, Germany and China.
have reiterated for weeks that no cases of human-to-human transmission have been confirmed.
So, for instance, we have the right number of Hispanic registered Republicans in Miami-Dade County.
If you have a mortgage and can’t afford to pay it because of fallout from the coronavirus, you may be able to push off your payments for several months, or even into next year.
In 2013, Beltman was the subject of a book that accused him of tyrannical behavior while coaching the Dutch national team.
Esta es la edición exprés de nuestro boletín.
“We need to internalize them and to take them seriously,” he said.
It’s, like, the chop.” “It’s sort of rhythmic and sort of melodic, and you can kind of start to mess with it.” “But it was such a fragment of an idea, and even then, he was dead serious.
The Korean word son-mat describes the specific, irreplaceable flavor of someone else’s cooking.
“We are directing clients to the N.F.L.
Most people who become homeless “self-resolve,” meaning they find housing.
The children had not yet arrived with their inflatable dolphins and flamingos, and the maids high up in the windows paused to stare down at the white girl resting in the shallows.
Over the last quarter-century, NAFTA created a modern and competitive export sector, raised foreign investment, established the rule of law at least for investors and companies from abroad and contributed somewhat to the country’s deferred democratization.
Li Lu, the chairman of Himalaya Capital Management, has also spearheaded major donations, and the Committee of 100, a Chinese-American leadership organization, has raised $1 million.
It’s about an hour class at the senior center in Lawrence.
Those in the highest one-fifth for natto intake, but not miso, had an 18 percent lower risk of cardiovascular disease death, possibly because of the lower sodium content of natto.
Presenting himself as the change candidate, he has railed at the injustices committed by the ruling party and criticized the lavish send-off conferred on Mr. Nkurunziza — including a $500,000 payment and the title of “Supreme Guide of Patriotism.” “Life is becoming more and more unbearable,” Mr. Rwasa recently told a packed stadium in Ngozi Province in the country’s north.
“We don’t know the evidence on which the government has made its decisions,” Professor Ward said.
Now she finally had one — a widow called to tell her that he was peddling flowers on the border.
They offer a range of recipes, from vegan kitchens in Asia to stovetops in East Africa as well as iconic European desserts.
Even higher taxes, which are supposedly anathema to the American way, fare well in public polls.
What he said to reporters at the time was, it’s just wrong.
“She absolutely has the level.
The document is remarkably granular, examining fluctuations in emotions based on news events large and small: California’s mandatory stay-at-home order, the president signing the $2 trillion economic stabilization package, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention suggesting the public wear masks, Queen Elizabeth II addressing Britain.
Animal shelters grew increasingly desperate over the last week to place animals, according to NPR.
That state of play is the direct result of the supremacy of shareholder interests in the global economy, with whatever yields short-term profits generally pushing aside prudent considerations about longer-term risks.
Crucially, money alone is not enough.
And that is a function of what each and every one of us does.
But I’m also trying not to think about sex.
Mr. Trump said that 22 people were currently ill with the virus, including four he said are “very ill.” In fact, 70 cases have been reported in the country, though just one of them fatal.
When you are sending out quarterback Kirk Cousins to face the likes of Drew Brees or Jimmy Garoppolo, it helps to have a little something extra.
Walia’s research — based on surveys, existing data, interviews with experts and an analysis of cellphone location information — reinforced existing data that Black and Latino Americans are far less likely to have internet access and computers at home.
The $3.5 billion company, which partly makes a living by identifying the culprits in some of the world’s boldest breaches — its clients have included Sony and Equifax — declined to say explicitly who was responsible.
Mr. Ibrahim, his face ashen and his lips blue from the cold, was planning his next move at the train station in Orestiada with three West Africans and a few Palestinian migrants who had crossed the border with him overnight.
“Large cities need to make sure they incorporate the homeless shelters and homeless population into their overall plan to treat the virus,” he said.
The science, technology and engineering industries rely heavily on those petitions.
But outrage over George Floyd’s death has only spread further and further across the United States.
It was a perfect storm of factors that left Guayaquil’s hospitals and morgues overwhelmed.
He has spent nearly four decades and more than 30 films reckoning with the jagged and brutal course of history.
But its performance under Mr. Trump during that period was weaker than during the last three years of Barack Obama’s presidency.
“It’s not nearly enough, but they did what they could.” The money for the Ohio grant program, and from some other recent state aid efforts, actually came from the federal government.
With Wimbledon canceled this year, the French Open is the final major of the season instead of the second.
“I want you to know: You’re not alone.
Indeed, fire specialists say some forests in California would need to be thinned out before they undergo cultural burning.
Among a group of valedictorians from the Boston suburbs, 12 percent were doctors.
This week, he accused Ms. Ressa of being a “fraud” and said a new case could be filed against her.
The laptop was bought by G Data CyberDefense, a German company with 500 employees that prides itself on having built one of the first antivirus software programs in the 1980s.
When we’re making financial decisions in the face of so many unknowns, it’s important to err on the side of cash.
Here’s what would happen if the Supreme Court struck down the decade-old health law.
And sign up for our Travel Dispatch newsletter: Each week you’ll receive tips on traveling smarter, stories on hot destinations and access to photos from all over the world.
What was on her list to do that day?
The doula and doctor had left, and the nurse changed shifts.
Jaime Rodieck, a college student in nursing, started a work-study job at a pantry in Columbia, Mo., in September.
“La consola Wii superó a todas las demás al ser la de más rápida adopción en Estados Unidos en sus primeros tres años”, dijo Piscatella.
En otros dos de los mejores objetos culturales vagamente identificados —esas obras sobre todo digitales que escapan de los géneros canónicos— de 2020 observamos la misma capacidad de diálogo, adaptación y mutación.
First, Mr. Bolton’s legal team has asked him to simply dismiss the case, arguing that the government had failed to allege all the elements necessary.
Local organizations and labor unions have also contributed to this shift in Nevada and Colorado, and they are critical to maintaining these advantages moving forward.
She worries that Hyatt will try to make do with fewer cleaning workers and not hire everybody back.
And after the countdown and liftoff, a voice from SpaceX’s launch team bid the astronauts on a safe mission: “Go NASA.
Lately he has been writing a science-fiction story intended for television.
There are almost 9,000 known cases of the virus in Israel and 57 fatalities so far, and the country is already under a general lockdown, with exceptions made for some workers, outings for essential errands and exercise or dog-walking within a 100-meter radius of one’s home.
And it would veer into an uncomfortable and potentially embarrassing new form of journalism, and, in Mr. Baron’s view, imperil the reputation of the institution.
He was an inspiration to his son’s football and political careers.
But then the adults had their say.
Their comments were edited and condensed.
And false albacore is nasty meat.)
The model and cookbook author Chrissy Teigen said late Wednesday that she and her husband, the singer John Legend, had lost their third child, a son, days after she posted on social media about suffering pregnancy complications.
Perhaps this is why he is hesitant to commit to anything resembling a satisfying narrative arc.
(Couturié and Daniel stayed on as executive producers.)
Many monuments were built to tower over large public spaces, such as the Marion Square, in Charleston, where the Calhoun statue works as a centerpiece.
You just take a breath and you’re swollen and bloated.
To the Editor: It seems to me that President Trump’s continued refusal to concede defeat is less a sinister plot to cling to power and more a determination to somehow declare victory even in defeat.
Mr. Epstein hanged himself last summer at a jail in Manhattan, where he was awaiting trial on federal sex trafficking and conspiracy charges.
Two great restaurant reviews for you: the first of Tavern by WS here in New York City, by Pete Wells; and the second of Nari in San Francisco, by Tejal Rao.
Dance: Diplo, the popular D.J.
“It passed now because of the November elections,” Mr. Surovell said.
Japan has asked the U.S. military to quarantine all of its personnel arriving at American bases in Japan for two weeks and then test them for the coronavirus, the country’s defense minister, Taro Kono, said on Friday.
2 in the late 1930s, Debbie Reynolds made Debbie a hit in the 1950s, and Kylo” — the leader of Star Wars’ First Order — “was one of the fastest-rising boy names of recent years.” Now that my parents have both passed away, I’ve had faint pulls of longing for the name they chose for me.
Here are a few of the travelers on a route from Chicago to Los Angeles.
Many people were not registered as being in the country, and the embassy has only recently found out about them.
We think that we know what others need because it’s what we’ve seen work in research or practice in other contexts.
De hecho, en Estados Unidos, la principal prioridad de Joe Biden incluso antes de asumir la presidencia, será conseguir un estímulo generoso para la economía.
Six months later, still not pregnant, we went to see a reproductive endocrinologist, who examined me and sent my husband off to have his sperm tested.
He was intensely loyal to friends like McCarver and Joe Torre, and gentle with children.
Now, that’s the constitutional process.” Mr. Graham might want to dig out his copy of the Constitution.
[ Return to the review of “Oak Flat.” ] PATRICIA BROWN: “There was no mayor, no police department.
If so, do you enjoy the seasonal activities that come with winter, or do you dread the ice and cold?
Now they’re living through a global pandemic in which they’re constantly told that previously innocuous activities pose a threat.
But these aren’t normal times.
“They won’t even have to prove that the banks were complicit, or that the banks were trying to evade taxes,” said Dierk Brandenburg of Scope, a credit-rating agency in London.
With an army that included Congolese orphans, the king and his agents drained the land of resources, and then forcibly moved, separated and enslaved families, before being forced to turn control of the area back over to the Belgian state.
Mr. de Blasio, speaking during the news briefing early Thursday, called for unity in the city.
He was also looking forward to playing at Madison Square Garden, which last hosted a game in March, before the season was suspended because of the pandemic.
— Karla Garcia, 25, San Diego Conor grew up in Palo Alto and as a result of substance addiction, he resorted to living on the streets for a year and a half.
Text by Josephine Livingstone They are a writer.
The S&P 500 had climbed 1.2 percent on Tuesday.
His tweets calling for aggressive action by the police to quell violence have angered activists.
Is there anyone in the Democratic field who is?
One resident, Sam (like the neighboring country’s mascot), refuses to go along with secession, continuing to celebrate the Fourth of July and eventually leading an ill-advised violent rebellion.
His social worker (Olivier Bonnaud) and the owners of the farm where he goes on work assignments are friendly and respectful of his religion.
“Our big break came with the scratch-offs,” he said.
People turned their backs on the mayor and chanted “Resign” and “I can’t breathe,” drowning out his roughly 90-second speech.
He woke to a smoky apartment and a pitch-black curry.
In one of the most touching interludes, Astrid lies on the ground as a man sings Bowie’s “Let’s Dance” on the soundtrack, the song continuing over a flashback of her and her kids dancing in a hospital room.
Angry Iraqis then stormed the American Embassy.
An older woman stopped Ms. Edmonds on her way to work one day, introducing herself as a former model named Ruth Turner who had worked in Fifth Avenue department stores in the 1950s, and was now running a school for aspiring black models.
But: For some on the left, Ms. Warren’s refusal to endorse Mr. Sanders blunted her appeal.
The state’s 50 call-center employees are working from home, and officials negotiated an outsourcing agreement with union representatives to bring in 20 more from a private company.
“As much as she’s learning, I’m learning just as much from her.” In mid-May DuFlo went back to the office full-time, and last week Choi returned to the barber shop, though he’s only going in a couple times a week.
Pero algunas de las previsiones —llamadas poderes Enrique VIII en referencia al monarca del siglo XVI— le darán al gobierno control sin contrapesos.
), but he is a through-and-through soccer superfan.
The 12 protesters, who prosecutors said were caught in mainland waters, were not extradited.
Ms. Herbold said the loss of Ms. Best was “a staggering loss to leaders of the Black and brown community.” “I am deeply and sincerely sorry that the chief feels council’s actions have been disrespectful toward individual officers and that our journey to reimagine community safety has been personally directed at her,” Ms. Herbold said in a statement.
He is mostly peeing blood now.
It’s nothing that we expect, especially when we have the health insurance benefits.
And that leaves them in a pretty weak position as they head into negotiations with the Democrats.
Dozens of Hachette Book Group employees left work Thursday afternoon, protesting the company’s decision, which it announced earlier in the week, to publish an autobiography by Woody Allen.
Instead, they would have to go to shelters that accord with their biology, a rule that transgender rights groups fear would lead to serious abuse.
Almost as soon as the demand for the vote was raised, opponents of women’s suffrage began arguing against it, often with visual media.
The releases even went so far as to prohibit injured women from suing their doctors for medical malpractice claims.
He trained terrorist armies, including Hezbollah, launching terrorist strikes against civilian targets.
Dr. Hanage added that Ms. Branswell’s reporting on the coronavirus had made her “a godlike figure to people who are infectious-disease epidemiologists.” Ms. Branswell, who has published about 50 articles on the pandemic, was a health reporter at The Canadian Press before taking on the infectious-disease beat at Stat in 2015.
How did you find him?
“There must be no jumping to conclusions.” She added that the commission would also look into why there was a public perception that the government hadn’t done enough to improve equality.
Mr. Paulson told me: “I spent a lot of time talking to people who expected to be working on a show this weekend — actors and designers and ticket-sellers and so on — and I was struck by two things: how hungry they are to return to the stage, and how uncertain they are about when that will be.” Corey Johnson Drops Out of 2021 Race for N.Y.C.
Over the last two weeks, the steepest ridership declines have occurred in Manhattan, where the median household income is $80,000 — the highest of any of the city’s five boroughs.
He’s supposed to be protecting this country.
His body was dismembered, and his remains have never been found.
And around that time, Trump said — and I’m going to quote from him — “I think what Nixon understood is that when the world is falling apart, people want a strong leader whose highest priority is protecting America first.
Individual judges can accomplish more with the aid of our pretrial and post-trial supervision, a shortening of the period needed to integrate people back into society.
For someone that was 1 pound, 3 ounces when she was born, she is like — she’s like — I mean she’s beautiful.
It just wakes you up and shows you where you are.
As cases continue to rise across the Midwest, she senses that people across the political spectrum are starting to see that they are “really going to need this to get out of this mess.” The poll, which reflects an online survey of 2,985 adults, has a margin of error of plus or minus three percentage points.
¿Nuestro amor, alguna vez celebrado, no era más que un globo medio desinflado?
“Every county, every village around here is now putting up barriers, worried about that disease,” Mr. Zuo said.
The company announced on Oct. 22 that it had completed enrollment of its 30,000-person study, and that 25,650 participants had already received two shots.
Officials are laying out plans to give shots to even more people, amounting to a big wager that the vaccines will eventually prove safe and effective.
Not another question, it turned out, but one more commercial break.
“Robert O’Brien’s presence on the campaign trail, or pseudo campaign trail, is more evidence of how irregular the Trump administration is and how badly things are going for the president in Washington and in the campaign,” said John Gans, the author of “White House Warriors: How the National Security Council Transformed the American Way of War.” Former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr., Mr. Trump’s rival for the White House, has been blunt in his condemnation of the president’s use of the government for political gain, and he described the Justice Department under the leadership of Mr. Barr, a fierce Trump ally, as essentially corrupt.
Safra Catz, Oracle’s chief executive, and Lawrence Ellison, Oracle’s founder and executive chairman, have close relationships with Mr. Trump and other members of the White House, having cultivated those ties for years.
In May, Dr. Zeberg, Dr. Paabo and Dr. Janet Kelso, also of the Max Planck Institute, discovered that one-third of European women have a Neanderthal hormone receptor.
They have searched for new vocabularies to describe their losses.
The Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei has been the subject of some of the greatest scrutiny, as American authorities push allies to ban the company from building wireless networks over claims it aids the Chinese state in cyberespionage.
He spends most of his days behind bars caring for an elderly, partly paralyzed inmate at a low-security federal penitentiary in Butner, N.C. More than a year and a half ago, he learned that he might be eligible for a reduction in his sentence under the First Step Act, a bipartisan bill President Trump signed in December 2018 that has been lauded as the most consequential criminal justice legislation in a generation.
“We’ve been asked to pivot so much in 2020, and this is no different.
I need to get out of here.
Pete Seeger had been a friend and fan.
In August, Mr. Coleman, 20, won a Democratic primary against a seven-term incumbent, Stan Frownfelter, by 14 votes.
I was dismayed that Anne Lenk’s sleek and edgy production of Molière’s “The Misanthrope,” one of the few choices I agreed with the selection committee on, wasn’t included in the digital lineup.
And while some states are continuing to see cases rise, the data in California is promising.
Hungary began administering the vaccine a day early, on Saturday.
In the absence of federal guidance, some health officials have forged ahead on their own.
And because I was the only one who could physically do it, I had to bury my Bubby alone.
“Your mother asks / To be your friend again,” she writes, “but the request just hangs in the sidebar.” The small, pointed brushes that artists use are known as “brights”; Sullivan seems to own one hundred thousand of them.
Most of the equipment they got was well past the expiration date and so “wouldn’t be suitable for surgical settings,” the state said.
“At least we could get a shower here,” said Monica Martinez, who has been homeless for five years and has trouble walking because of a hip problem.
“It could actually have deadly effects.
But in a letter to Mr. Biden this week, the Congressional Hispanic Caucus endorsed Dr. Cardona as part of its push for more Latino representation in his cabinet.
You can sign up here to provide a free space.
But the Republican Senate has not taken up the measure, and President Trump has done little more than post several all-caps tweets demanding that they reopen.
At the end of the book, he concludes, “Trump is creating a parallel, shadow government filled with like-minded loyalists, without transparency, democratic norms or public processes — a ‘deep state’ of its own.” It’s a clever punchline, but it’s wrong.
“This is nothing like the closure they’re trying to imply,” he said.
Bits of the yuca and tuna bob around beneath a canopy of red onion.
Yet surprisingly, Mr. Biden is enjoying no special boost in his native Pennsylvania.
Soon after, Popovich hired her as the first full-time female assistant coach in the league.
Sam’s Club Republicans, led by Reihan Salam and my Times colleague Ross Douthat, pointed a way to link the G.O.P.
And they said: ‘Hey, this is really serious.
And where do we go from here?
In a memo at the time, Google said the employees had been dismissed “for clear and repeated violations of our data security policies.” But the N.L.R.B.
It’s important that the city and state do everything they can to help make outdoor dining safe and successful throughout the colder months.
She feared talking about it, because he had threatened to kill her mother if she did.
I was like, I want to reach out to all my friends around the world and see what’s happening with them.
“He had the husband and I had the wife,” she said.
But today, a protracted phase in diapers is the norm.
“Ebba came to visit us a few months later,” Mr. Eastham said.
He broke into Bollywood in 1981.
When he got closer to the scene, he saw smoke and people carrying out bodies.
For instance, Mr. Gavrilides’s policy states that the insurer “will not pay for loss or damage caused by or resulting from any virus, bacterium, illness or disease.” Insurers say they aren’t being stingy; they simply don’t have enough capital to cover all coronavirus-related claims and would suffer enormous losses if they had to pay out.
We are coming to the end of four years in which Republicans have rampaged, endangering our democracy and attempting to use the courts to lock in their power for a generation.
He wanted to help Mr. Kochevar move his own limbs.
“Especially now when we’ve had to set aside so many things that are normal and sustaining to us because of the pandemic,” Mr. Katz said, “allowing something like a snow day when there’s a significant snowstorm is possibly even more important than before.
This is the Coronavirus Schools Briefing, a guide to the seismic changes in U.S. education that are taking place during the pandemic.
“And another friend, whose husband works at a hospital in New Bedford, said it felt like a train hit it.
Personally, I didn’t go out much during the 14-day period.
The history and the responsibility of this project called America is just present and seeps into every pore of your body.” Because of that, Emanuel said, he’d always believed the presidency imbued anybody who inhabited it with a sense of stewardship.
The grounds at Tanglewood will remain open for several hours a week, on Wednesdays and weekends, but visiting will require signing up in advance, the Boston Symphony said on Friday.
“We have got to use this as a politically neutral, unifying effort to instill resilience,” said Brock Long, who ran FEMA until last year.
With 23 of Mr. Torres’s colleagues signing on as sponsors, the bill, which he first introduced in 2018, passed the City Council by a 43-3 margin on Thursday.
The prospect that workers may want to continue working from home does not worry John O’Donnell, the chief executive of Riverside Investment and Development, which is developing a 55-story tower at 110 North Wacker Drive in Chicago.
El informe también describe un inquietante relato de un sacerdote de Nueva Jersey, monseñor Dominic Bottino, quien dijo que había sido testigo de que dos de los obispos de Nueva Jersey vieron a McCarrick tocar la entrepierna de un hombre en 1990, y ninguno de ellos informó al Papa de ese incidente.
“And it’s going to be incredibly difficult until there’s a vaccine for us to fully escape the shadows of Covid-19.” Similar concerns surfaced several hundred miles to the west on Tuesday, as students were returning to class at Louisiana State while Hurricane Laura took aim at the Gulf Coast.
Her preparations have been overseen by Karen Dunn, a lawyer who helped lead debate prep for Mrs. Clinton and former President Barack Obama.
I’m sure you’ve been asked this question before.
Young people are adapting to virtual school sessions, socially distanced play dates and visits with loved ones through Zoom.
It might be Brandi Carlile’s birthday on Monday, but her fans are the ones getting a gift: her breakthrough Grammy-winning album “By the Way, I Forgive You” performed in its entirety.
Or, forget young — just other artists.
“It’s kind of overwhelming,” said Mr. Price, 22.
“En la comunidad latina, te defines por tu capacidad de proveer”, dijo Tomás Robles Jr., director ejecutivo de Lucha, un grupo progresista que hace campaña por Biden y otros demócratas en Arizona.
When it was shown at the Museum of Modern Art in 2015, the apple was bought from a store on 53rd Street and replaced a couple of times over the four months of the exhibition, said Christophe Cherix, one of the curators who put on the show.
But the one thing I have little doubt about is the bad faith of those using this strange, sad story to hector feminists into pretending to a certainty they have no reason to feel.
“Under settled precedent, the officials could violate those laws only if an object of their dishonesty was to obtain the Port Authority’s money or property.” And, she wrote, “the realignment of the toll lanes was an exercise of regulatory power — something this court has already held fails to meet the statutes’ property requirement.” It is not the first time that the justices have shown their skepticism of public corruption cases.
Zoom’s Chinese-born founder and chief executive, Eric Yuan, is an American citizen.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
But it wasn’t until later that he made a far more indelible mark on the central New Jersey sports scene.
She learned to care for his bedsore, clipped his nails and filled him in on their two cats.
He knelt down on April 1 and my response was, “Are you serious?” Of course when I realized this was not an April Fools’ joke I said yes.
1 country hit “Daddy Sang Bass.” At her death, Ms. Howard had been a member of the cast of the Grand Ole Opry for 49 years.
Anna Lee Beyer writes about parenting, health, and books.
Por otro lado, han creado sus propios héroes, como Mikovits.
If Mr. Trump fared better among likely voters than among registered voters in Pennsylvania, a fundamental misfire on the estimate of turnout could very quickly explain some of the miss.
The sandstorm also strands Lt. Artemis (Jovovich) and her Army Ranger unit in this parallel universe, populated by “Lost World”-style critters and the mysterious Hunter (Tony Jaa).
In another court filing this month, Amazon argued that an injunction was necessary to prevent it from losing the profit it could earn from the contract.
Few could have foreseen that Pollesch would ever play the Friedrichstadt-Palast; but I suspect the Friedrichstadt-Palast is also playing him.
They are dipping into their small pot of savings for the minimum payments on their credit card bills.
“Suggesting that asymptomatic people don’t need testing is just a prescription for community spread and further disease and death,” said Dr. Susan Bailey, president of the American Medical Association, which usually works closely with the C.D.C.
But the fact that our focus is repeatedly splintered obviates much chance for emotional concentration and, consequently, the possibilities for being truly moved.
To manage the city’s growing volume of horse and buggy traffic, the London police used manually operated, gas-powered signal lights.
By the end of that one-day hackathon last year, the engineers had sketched a basic idea of a solution.
What was said Mr. Pence said on Twitter that General Soleimani “assisted in the clandestine travel to Afghanistan of 10 of the 12 terrorists who carried out the September 11 terrorist attacks in the United States.” This lacks evidence.
But even a bouillon cube will work.
I noticed the distinct smell of marijuana coming from behind me.
It includes many voters who support Mr. Modi’s party in national elections.
This is really quite important for a number of reasons, and I’ll give you the data.
The time is now to show some kindness, show some compassion.
¿Te preocupa que en 2020 lleguemos a un punto sin retorno, que la tecnología y la hiperindustrialización se opongan a la vida humana en la Tierra?
Hopefully, it will be like that next year.
Michigan State University moved to online-only teaching for undergraduates for the fall semester, about a week before students were scheduled to move in to campus housing.
And the announcement spurred the resignation of a high-ranking master sommelier — a position held by only 269 people worldwide — who said the organization took too long to release a statement in support of black people.
The arguments, made as the team and U.S. Soccer face an increasingly unbridgeable gap as they brace for a federal trial in May, infuriated the players, as well as at least three powerful U.S. Soccer board members.
Under rules starting today in Scotland, masks will be required in workplaces and cafeterias.
Jaffa loved the sequence where the soldiers discuss their ideal woman, although in this go-round, he said, “we thought it was super important to tell that more clearly from Mulan’s point of view.” For Caro, it was the matchmaker scene, in which Mulan comically and spectacularly fails her “good wife” test, and the avalanche, a key battle scene in the original.
But if I was, like, (IN DOG VOICE) “Simon, come here,” then he would know I was talking to him.
The tough regulations have raised legal concerns about the right to freedom of movement, and have been especially painful for the large numbers of Australians who turn to travel as a balm against the tyranny of distance from the rest of the world.
As a fellow black American, I feel that urge all the time.
Mr. Den Hollander had a long history of filing lawsuits against programs that he believed favored women.
Spurning advice from some campaign advisers to deliver a nationally televised address, Mr. Trump instead spent Sunday out of sight.
“Even if that means staying away from each other for a while.” The book, which is geared toward 6- to 11-year-olds, was developed in collaboration with multiple humanitarian organizations, including the World Health Organization, the United Nations Children’s Fund and Save the Children.
And they had a carrot cake made for me — or a bunny cake, as they call it.
Mandy, you said in an earlier interview that you wanted the show to end with a sense of optimistic possibility.
“If there’s a run on these funds and your inventory runs out because you can’t access the cash, stores can go out of business in a month, people are in trouble and there’s a trickledown effect,” Mr. Larrea said.
Remove from the oven and add the shrimp and fish, covering with the liquid and gently simmering until they’re just cooked through, about 5 minutes.
Ms. McDaniel held a call with North Carolina officials on Tuesday, two people familiar with the call said, during which she mentioned that the president didn’t favor the televised optics of masks and social distancing at a convention, although one person said Ms. McDaniel did not say that was Mr. Trump’s demand.
Getty’s $10 million fund is offering emergency and recovery support to nonprofit museums and visual arts organizations in the Los Angeles area.
The premise of Richard Davies’s “Extreme Economies” is that, at least with respect to economics, this notion is mistaken and strange outlier cases like the tsunami-ravaged Indonesian province of Aceh or the severe urban decline of Glasgow can teach us valuable general lessons about the world we live in.
The North Phillips School of Innovation was housed in the high school and had 30 eighth- and-ninth-grade students.
And then I remember my director looked at me, and he was like, they’re going to make thousands of them.
Connecticut’s top health official on Tuesday ordered hospitals that were barring visitors because of the coronavirus to make exceptions for patients with disabilities.
Aaron McKie took over at Temple in 2019 after 13 seasons in the N.B.A.
marketplace, described by Andrew M. Cuomo, the Democratic governor of New York, as “50 states competing against the states, and the federal government competing against the states,” which he said drove up the cost of masks for New York from 85 cents to around $7 apiece.
But we don’t know until we know.
D’Eriq King, a redshirt senior playing his first season at Miami, has passed for 2,086 yards and 17 touchdowns.
— 29 in 11 seasons with the Wildcats entering the Nov. 18 draft — has earned zero N.B.A.
This year the space agency’s budget was bumped up 10 percent to £556 million (still a small fraction of NASA’s $22 billion).
He had spent the last 30 years or so in and out of prison, under house arrest or forced into internal exile for refusing to submit the Unified Church to government control.
It is the start of a school year unlike any other.
Naturally, nothing went according to plan.
He added that airlines should accommodate animals in cabins by creating more space for passengers, and improve air filtration to reduce the possible effect of allergens.
In places like Denmark drug clinics are in place to offer cleaner drugs and move towards rehabilitation.
[The New York Times] What were 12 weeks of lockdown like for an Oakland bar?
So, over the past 50 years, conservation groups have rallied to block any large new dams from being built, while proposals to upgrade older hydropower facilities or construct new water-powered energy-storage projects have often been bogged down in lengthy regulatory disputes over environmental safeguards.
It’s just going to be like any other thing that I’ve been through.
Mr. Holliday didn’t realize exactly what the commotion was, he said, but he instinctively grabbed his video camera, which he had bought about a month earlier, and went out on his balcony to record the scene.
If I head south I run by the Navy Yard, which has a great bike path.
He urged residents to report suspicious activity and said his office had additional personnel ready to respond to calls.
Como papa, en 2014 dijo al Corriere della Sera, el periódico más grande de Italia, que las naciones que legalizaban las uniones civiles lo hacían principalmente para darles a las parejas del mismo sexo los derechos legales y beneficios de atención médica y que no podía expresar una posición general.
The state has seen 331,626 cases, the second highest tally in the nation, and more than 7,000 deaths, according to a New York Times database.
The Floyd-inspired protests were a clear turning point, with 2.6 million added in June alone.
They would not have to repay portions that were spent on paying employees, a mortgage, rent or utilities.
Next came the French designer Jacques Garcia, who in 1995 chose one of Dedar’s damasks, patterned with plants and animals, to use throughout the Hôtel Costes in Paris.
That summer, President George Bush was on vacation at his ranch in Texas when he got ahold of this book.
Russia and Turkey have called for a cease-fire in Libya to begin this weekend, stepping in on Wednesday to try to resolve a conflict that Western powers and the United Nations have struggled to end.
In the debate, Mr. Pence recalled that Ms. Harris had questioned another judicial nominee’s views because he belonged to the Knights of Columbus, an organization for Catholic men.
La noche anterior a que finalizara el crucero, pude sentir el modo en el que la cultura de nuestro barco empezaba a disolverse como un sueño al despertar.
“The proportion of hospitalized patients who were black was higher than expected based on overall hospital admissions,” the report said.
As for friends of the prime minister?
He dismissed arguments that states like New Jersey, New York and California send more tax money to the federal government than they receive in assistance and argued that state budget shortfalls should generally be addressed through cost cutting or tax increases.
And with translation apps readily available and free, there is no excuse.
We know about this kind of dichotomy that exists in American cities, and Palo Alto and East Palo Alto are as divided and separated as any of these.
School of Medicine, attribute this shortfall largely to Proposition 209, which substantially cut the number of Latino U.C.
Nelly Ternan’s given name was Ellen Lawless.
“He is doing exactly what the administration brought him in to do as D.N.I.,” said Joseph Maguire, whom Mr. Trump dismissed as acting director of national intelligence in February.
It was June 9, not June 1.
Whatever it looks like, “don’t talk yourself out of doing the thing before you’ve even done it,” said Simone Policano, another organizer for Invisible Hands.
“We might go full-on Clark Griswold,” Mr. Barringer said.
The government flew in 21 lab technicians and their testing equipment from three hospitals in the central city of Wuhan, where the virus emerged late last year, and residential compounds were under lockdown.
My mother returned to work for a few years in the 1970s, taking a job with a company that planned office space.
The resulting data showed cost savings and reductions in employee turnover.
(How can you reliably stay six feet apart in the water?)
Mr. Johnson was admitted to St. Thomas’ Hospital in London on Sunday and transferred the next day to the intensive care unit, where he received oxygen but was not put on a ventilator.
Some people find God in love.
Squeeze a fistful; it should be moist enough to hold its shape, but not so wet that water drips out.
On the other side of Florida, a handful of coastal tracts in Collier County, including parts of Marco Island south of Naples, have shown the same one-two pattern of falling sales volume followed by a small dip in prices.
Something to consider the next time you eat out.
Our At Home collection can help, with ideas on what to read, cook, watch and do while staying safe at home.
It’s impossible to find these now Europe, not only in Italy.
“It’s a very scary situation,” she said.
“Hail Satan?” follows adherents as they troll such “religious freedom” initiatives across the United States, one Ten Commandments monument or abortion restriction at a time.
The hand thing — I got it from my her.” In one scene, Sylvie throws a trench coat over an Alexandre Vauthier emerald green evening gown with a peekaboo slit when retrieving a two million euro watch from an American actress and star Instagrammer who had gone AWOL.
An hour passed, though, and I didn’t get any sicker, so the incident in the doctor’s office was chalked up more or less to a mystery.
It announced that 1,600 of its 2,800 stores around the country would be shut.
For the pandemic will make us live for a while with the kind of anguished and deadening isolation they feel.
“It’s hard to replace sacking Joe Montana and the next week going to Denver and knocking around John Elway and Dan Marino the following week,” he was quoted as saying in Madison.com, the website of the Wisconsin State Journal.
[You can listen to this episode of “Sway” on Apple, Spotify, Google or wherever you get your podcasts.]
Recipe: Brown Sugar Roulade With Burnt Honey Apples Follow NYT Food on Twitter and NYT Cooking on Instagram, Facebook, YouTube and Pinterest.
So how much did the presidential endorsement help?
After about a month off, they learned that their upcoming three American tournaments had been postponed.
Tuesday, I read that Christell Cadet, a young paramedic I interviewed months ago, was fighting for her life.
Since then, I’ve tested maybe a dozen V.R.
Hooper became the first president of the Wisconsin League of Women Voters.
“We’ve got to watch this; this is historic.” Ms. Malhotra, 36, a lifelong evangelical Christian who works in communications for a Christian ministry, has little personal affection for Mr. Trump.
Warning: There be spoilers ahead, but subscribers can take a peek at the answer key.
Finally, a note from the American couch: I thrilled to the sweet, cartoony, experimental darkness of “Duty/Shame,” the BBC Two series that recently came to Netflix.
She’s studied philosophy and has a particular affection for the American Transcendentalist Henry David Thoreau.
“For us to keep moving was a big decision,” Ms. Bennett, 51, said, noting that with about 100,000 online followers across their platforms and subscription lists, the couple felt their conduct would be scrutinized.
Again and again, she recalls stories like one she worked on at NPR, about young boys who earned money by performing back flips and other tricks outside an El Salvador hotel that housed foreign reporters during that country’s civil war: “It was a story that had been right in front of journalists’ faces for years and yet for them and therefore for the rest of us, these kids were invisible.
“Churchill was keen to make sure they still had a beer supply,” Mr. Jennings said.
Four days later, when the state was still uncalled but Joseph R. Biden Jr. had been declared the winner nationally, protesters who supported the president showed up at the state capitol.
The results set Mr. Biden up as the clear favorite for the Democratic nomination.
Those standards were developed in response to reports of horrific conditions in the 1970s and 1980s.
Protesters threw bottles and other objects at police officers armed with batons who pushed into crowds on Broadway and nearby side streets.
Una fotógrafa hizo retratos de los vecinos de una pequeña comunidad estadounidense de mayoría blanca.
Mr. Biden recently told a person in his orbit that he thinks Mr. Sanders, while lacking an understanding of foreign policy, “is basically a good guy.” One longtime Biden staff member summed up the former vice president’s view in Baby Boomer cultural terms: In the mid-1960s, when both men were in college, Mr. Biden was a square, striving, law-school-bound ex-jock who would have seen Mr. Sanders as a noisy, strident, scraggly but basically benign campus archetype — “the hippie.” Mr. Sanders, an independent from Vermont who caucuses with the Democrats, has privately praised Mr. Biden as one of the few establishment senators to make him feel at home during his first few months in the Senate.
Most athletes wanted a postponement, even if that decision came with huge disappointment.
This seems completely absurd to me now.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has battled the economic effects of the pandemic by encouraging banks to increase lending and by pressuring the central bank to keep its benchmark interest rate below the rate of inflation.
Humphreys also followed the men to their cars, recorded their license plate numbers, and then carried that information to a police station.
Data provided to The New York Times show that only 80 black Foreign Service officers and specialists were promoted in the 2019 fiscal year — 1 percent of 8,023 diplomats who competed.
But to help them cope with the challenges of various environments, evolution has tinkered with the tears of the world’s creatures in ways that scientists are only beginning to explore.
She applied to other jobs, but at 20 years old her lack of experience was a barrier to hiring.
Of course, there’s this little matter of them spreading it to those who share neither their beliefs nor their level of ignorance.
La semana pasada, Linda Kanner cargaba víveres en su Volvo —que estaba estacionado afuera de un supermercado Publix en este próspero enclave de la Costa del Golfo— mientras pronunciaba un torrente de improperios contra el presidente de Estados Unidos, Donald Trump, para explicar por qué ella “votaría por Mickey Mouse”, antes que por un mandatario cuya conducta le parece atroz.
Shirley Chisholm challenged the status quo of the party leadership with her 1972 presidential bid to the dismay of many Democrats.
At lunch they also spoke about recent trips to Croatia, and playfully got onto the topic of the cheesiest pickup lines they ever heard.
You respect the American people when you have the courage —” “Which we’ve always done.” “— to be a leader, speaking of those things that you may not want people to hear, but they need to hear so they can protect themselves.” “If the Trump administration approves a vaccine before or after the election, should Americans take it, and would you take it?” “If Dr. Fauci, if the doctors tell us that we should take it, I’ll be the first in line to take it, absolutely.
Stone Jr., his oldest political adviser — paid the largest fine in the state’s history in a settlement for not disclosing that Mr. Trump had secretly paid for newspaper ads opposing a Native American casino north of New York City.
It’s the only way to get our rights.” David M. Halbfinger reported from Abu Queider, and Allison McCann from London.
The identities of the financial institutions are not clear.
She reminded me of my old boss Ronald Reagan, who could be hard as nails on policy but never resorted to personal invective.
It’s a kind of game.
“Previously, Oregon’s been known as a bubble-screen team, they want to run tempo.
This type of bubble chart is a variation of a dot plot with data points replaced by bubbles.
Hard to trust, though.” It is only in that context that such normally prosaic acts as a nurse giving someone a shot and electors casting votes become so noteworthy.
He was recently reminded why he had taken pains to protect his family, when his father-in-law, who was not quarantining with them, died of the virus.
He added, “I always knew that my government could march me off to war, but I didn’t know that they could march me into a situation that’s this unsafe.” Many of the district’s school buildings are aging — the average is about 65 years old, officials said — with poor ventilation and crowded classrooms.
But allies of Mr. Trump quickly pounced on the extended discussion about the Bidens to insist that the impeachment trial should include scrutiny of their actions, and potentially a move to call them as witnesses.
He withstood a lot of difficulty by filing it away.
Zomato, an India-based food-delivery company, drew praise recently for introducing up to 10 days of annual paid leave for employees who can’t work because of pain related to menstruation.
But in practice, patients and their relatives say that the process takes far too long, and that the bar for what constitutes “severe symptoms” has been set too high — so they give up and try waiting in long lines at hospitals instead.
They will flout whichever rules don’t suit them.
Instead, many believed that participating in the grubby world of party politics would undermine women’s distinct strength: their nonpartisan, politically disinterested commitment to the public good.
It is a race where the public can approach their heroes, where they can see them every day for weeks if they wish to follow them, where they come close enough to touch them as they muscle their way up mountain passes.
The property is in a private development, two blocks from an entrance to a preserve and hiking area on the San Antón mountain, and a few blocks from the 130-year-old Málaga Tennis Club.
They discover that city utilities don’t reach their plot, and they have to dig their own trenches for power and water — three weeks, gone.
You’re not really supposed to be shearing that in summer.
“India’s embarrassing slowdown in the second quarter of 2020 is almost entirely because of the nature of the lockdown,” said Kaushik Basu, a former chief economist at the World Bank and now a professor at Cornell.
Twice as many teachers retired in Alabama in September, compared with previous years.
Wuhan, China, will resume international flights this month.
The idea treats preschool as an investment that benefits society at large, as primary and secondary education do.
Mr. Sanders drew a distinction with Mr. Biden, who had supported the Iraq war resolution in the Senate.
agents after they opened the money laundering investigation into Hunter Biden’s financial affairs in late 2018, under the attorney general at the time, Jeff Sessions, according to several people familiar with the inquiry.
In fairness, you can’t read just this chapter when the politician is the bad guy or the religious person in the mosque is the bad guy.
“I saw her being this wonderful, beautiful, creative creature in the world, and it gave me the courage to be myself,” he said.
And those who might normally get menstrual products from shelters or social service centers are coming up empty as demand has surged.
The government said the number of new coronavirus infections was decreasing, from a daily high of 700 a few weeks ago to 150 now or lower.
I should just spend a week hanging around exotic Richland County, where Mr. Daines beat Mr. Bullock by 62 points.
In Minnesota, an initiative that targeted demonstrators found that 1.5 percent of them tested positive.
Minutes after the picking and tasting, the dates were whisked away to be measured and weighed.
I wouldn’t know how to do that,” she said.
Recently reopened cafes, bars and sports facilities were closed again and widespread testing began among the 640,000 people in the affected counties.
“‘Pat’, como pato sin la ‘o’”, dijo, “y ‘du frui’, que quiere decir ‘de fruta’”.
What more do you need?
The diligent duo that never rests.
What’s missing is the bonding with body language.
Streicker cree que, en el futuro, incluso podrían usarse técnicas de ingeniería genética como Crispr para tratar de diseñar genéticamente murciélagos que sean resistentes a algunos virus, algo que ya se ha probado con mosquitos.
Idas was the brother of Lynceus, and together, the two were the suitors of Hilaeira and Phoebe.
“With the combined effect of the pandemic’s worldwide economic impact and the school closures, the learning crisis could turn into a generational catastrophe,” a U.N. policy brief from U.N. Secretary General António Guterres said.
But because I don’t quite share their sense of pride and meaning — the disconnects are too vast; I am wary of sentimentalizing bloodlines — I want to think that there are other ways to feel rooted in the world, to create a sense of belonging and meaning for ourselves and our families.
Then he said, “I’m your dad.” “Yes, you are,” I said.
In an interview, Ms. Nweze said she had signed on because of the utilities’ financial support to her group, and because she believed what executives had told her about solar panels and energy efficiency.
A monolith in the desert?
“He was always on the up-and-up about taking care of people.” The death comes as protests have spread around the nation over the case of George Floyd, a black man who died in the custody of Minneapolis police last week.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
The book is technique-oriented, and the recipes come with useful tips.
Elements, including references to complaints that companies suppress content or users based on political views, suggested another target: so-called shadow banning.
Imagine people not listening to what you say because they are so focused on how you look.
Sanders ended it with a handshake and 10 minutes later took the stage, eventually tugging a generic blue baseball cap over his bald scalp to ward off the California sun.
Senior lawyers for the Trump campaign set up a small law firm last year that is working for Marjorie Taylor Greene, a Republican House candidate in Georgia with a history of promoting QAnon, a pro-Trump conspiracy theory.
Can you describe what’s going on in the work?
A few days before “The Seven Streams of the River Ota” opened in London, Robert Lepage spoke by phone.
When I hit my lowest point, I heard someone yell from the Fortnight headquarters.
As ocean temperatures rise, hurricanes grow stronger, with warm water serving as the fuel that powers them.
In “The Old Guard,” a foursome of immortals are led by the eldest, Andy (a mesmerizing Charlize Theron), a butt-kicking, steely-eyed warrior.
Out of the 1960s, the voting age was lowered so Americans old enough to be sent to war would also be old enough to vote.
The data’s very — I mean, I think the data is very weak all over the place.
“We’ve got to be realistic when we’re making transitions,” said Warren Entsch, a member of Parliament from Queensland in the governing Liberal Party, Australia’s equivalent of the Republican Party.
Because for Zone A, everyone’s been tested, but in Zone B, not everyone’s been tested.
Research investigating Covid-19 treatments will have to take into account the specific cells and substances that go awry when the immune system ages, and drugs under investigation for fighting aging may be useful against the coronavirus, write Dr. Salimi and her colleague John Hamlyn in their article.
Entonces sí sabremos cómo será esa normalidad que anuncian nueva y que puede ser, en lo esencial, siempre la misma.
But many other large districts, including Los Angeles and Chicago, have not yet reopened, though Chicago is making plans to bring younger children back into classrooms in January.
Tony officials say every nominated show was seen by several hundred voters, at a minimum, and that the number of qualified voters for each category is similar to that in other years.
La última hermana viva que no había probado era Trump Grau, la hermana mayor del presidente, que está cerca de los 80 años, vive en Florida y apenas ha hecho declaraciones en público desde que su hermano fue elegido.
Officials expected the crunch to ease in the coming days.
Are they the older working-class African-Americans who put Biden over the top in the Democratic primaries?
And Wall Street analysts, who provide market research to hedge funds, asset managers and other big investors, say those clients are increasingly seeking their advice on the impact of a Biden presidency, especially on taxes.
Other countries placed under a Level 4 travel advisory include Mali, because of crime, terrorism, and kidnapping; Venezuela, because of crime, civil unrest, poor health infrastructure, kidnapping and the arbitrary arrest and detention of Americans; and Burkina Faso, because of terrorism, crime and kidnapping.
Once a year, it gives us that old feeling of being trapped inside a very small box.
Are there other art forms or creative expression that you seek out or create in difficult moments?
Still, public health experts warn that the evidence so far should be met with caution.
The convention was held in Atlantic City in August 1964, near the end of Freedom Summer, a voting-rights effort that had also swept up Ms. Sanders, a great-granddaughter of a slave.
And the Afghan government said, no way.
The medical examiner is expected to identify the body on Monday, a spokeswoman, Tammy Vigil, said.
At raucous rallies, Lindbergh attacked American journalists as “dishonest parasites” under the control of “dangerous elements.” He urged the country to close its borders to “alien blood,” while loyal crowds berated protesters with chants of “Throw him out!
There is, though, no scenario in which the clubs emerge unscathed.
He showed that only seven percent of Milwaukee County residents released from state prisons had a valid driver’s license, and that not having one was a major barrier to finding employment.
While some bigger mezcal brands exist, most are still small-scale, with tiny outputs.
“She pulled out past checks that she had received as salary for being the college president — seven years’ worth of checks, and every one — one after the other — was signed over to the Society of the Sacred Heart,” Mr. Kenney recalled.
Protect those at high risk.
Those planes, motorcades, hotel rooms and catered meals add up.
Judge Ferdinand F. Fernandez, nominated to the court by President George Bush, dissented.
For They Know Not What They DoNot rated.
Had Franco A. stashed the gun to commit an attack later?
I was not alarmist enough about West Africa and Ebola in its early days.
I promise it’ll be fun.
“I wanted to play with him and pick his brain and ask him questions,” Champ said after his practice with Mickelson.
Feels as if all eyes have been on Iowa forever.
After being criticized for not doing enough to make passengers wear masks, the nation’s biggest airlines said on Monday that they would get tougher on people who refused to cover their faces.
“Great Expectations.” Not because I read it, but because I didn’t, it was in freshman year of high school and I thought I could just skate by.
Whenever I had a reason to go outside — like making a trip to the grocery store or dropping off baked goods at a friend’s — I preferred riding an e-bike.
In the best-case scenario, any athlete who exhibits a change that is deemed unnatural will be scrutinized further and, depending on what else the test reveals, face penalties.
Hasta el domingo, la tasa de mortalidad per cápita era de 319 por cada millón de suecos, que es más alta que la cifra de Estados Unidos, la cual es de 242 por cada millón de habitantes.
“It goes back to, what is a want and what is a need?” said Mr. Bartczak, who works for an education technology company.
Según el grupo de defensoría Masks4All, hacer obligatorio el uso de mascarillas tiene muchas posibilidades de reducir la transmisión, según las nuevas evidencias no solo de Asia, donde el uso de mascarillas ha sido común desde hace mucho tiempo, sino de la República Checa, Alemania, Israel y otros países.
But drawn by Sullivan’s deft hand, the relationship feels authentic and richly textured.
Instead of developing and operating its own successor to the shuttles, NASA turned to commercial companies, awarding contracts in 2014 to Boeing and SpaceX.
That one went into a cloth bag, and so had, by dawn, five others.
President Trump berated his own cabinet officers on Thursday for not prosecuting or implicating his political enemies, lashing out even as he announced that he hoped to return to the campaign trail on Saturday just nine days after he tested positive for the coronavirus.
“Mere existence does not entitle a nation to political independence: only the force to assert itself as a state among others,” said a member of the Frankfurt Parliament in 1848.
Mr. Mullings, who lived in Boston, was newly single, too.
Una de las maneras en que he decidido contribuir a un futuro más esperanzador y promover actividades para encontrar soluciones a los apremiantes problemas que enfrentamos es la creación de Proteus, un hábitat subacuático diseñado para ser la estación de investigación más avanzada del mundo.
Destaca el hecho de que las guerras contra los cárteles iniciaron en gobiernos previos y calla las críticas de presidentes anteriores, como Calderón.
Advocacy Data is now running similar campaigns in Erie County, Pa. (where many ads are being delivered in Arabic), and New Jersey.
Before the trial, Amnesty International said the outcome would “show the rest of the world whether respect for human rights has any part to play in the Turkish justice system.” The case of 11 human rights activists, including two employees of Amnesty International, who were detained after organizing a conference in Istanbul in 2017, is also being closely watched ahead of a hearing in Istanbul Wednesday.
“Look, there was a well-known reporter involved in it — Rukmini Callimachi,” he said in the interview.
For those whose experience of self-isolation involves what they believe to be a ghost, their days are punctuated not just by Zoom meetings or home schooling, but by disembodied voices, shadowy figures, misbehaving electronics, invisible cats cozying up on couches, caresses from hands that aren’t there and even, in some cases — to borrow the technical parlance of “Ghostbusters” — free-floating, full-torso vaporous apparitions.
Maureen Dowd: After Seth Rogen’s “The Interview,” about Kim Jong-un, sparked the Sony hack, you were nervous to play the Korean dictator.
But on Monday, Oracle disputed part of TikTok’s description of the deal.
The bench comprises more than 80 representatives out of 513 federal deputies, who go to Congress with their Bibles in hand and vote accordingly.
Use the “Reply” button or the @ symbol to address that student directly.
Books that deal with the struggles and injustices black people have endured can be challenging.
Thousands of tests continued to be conducted, even as some city leaders suggested that the disease had become so endemic that resources might be better used on treating patients than identifying them.
Were Mr. Biden to win, experts said, he would face a Democratic Party deeply skeptical of a deal, at a time when free trade is in retreat worldwide.
To the Editor: I was not happy to find a giant hole in my newspaper on Wednesday.
Tuliamuk was pregnant by April.
Since then, a wealth of research in both people and animals reinforced that idea.
And the German-American Shooting Society at 12 St. Marks Place, from the same era, by William C. Frohne.
Outside the memorial building, there is no cemetery.
No mention was made of changes to plans for the N.F.L.
So long as customers do this, “reusable bags are perfectly safe, and pose zero threat to store employees and other customers,” he said in an email.
Racism is litigated over and over again when another video depicting another atrocity comes to light.
Ginkgo used the more than $40 million it received from the N.I.H.
The president’s own attorney general, William P. Barr, said on Tuesday that the Justice Department had found no evidence of fraud on a scale that could have overturned the results in an election that Mr. Trump lost in the Electoral College, 306 to 232, and by almost seven million votes.
You found your way back to an instrument.
Now, a number of geriatricians, researchers and advocates — and frantic family members — fear that months of restrictive visiting policies have become injurious.
“It’s like, here’s an old river guide pulling our leg.
When one of Scalia’s former clerks, Jeffrey Sutton, asked him why, given that she never gave him the vote he needed on a 5-4 case of any significance, Scalia replied: “Some things are more important than votes.” It’s hard to remember sometimes that political disagreements, in the not-too-distant past, weren’t necessarily cause to retreat into our respective corners, and that ideological differences weren’t viewed as moral defects.
The pandemic crowd is really good.
Network executives, she added, had phone calls with Black talent “about what’s important to us, and what changes we would like to see.” “I don’t think anybody needs to question what we are feeling right now, because Bravo has African-American talent to be able to speak to it,” she said.
So far, ECMO has been used for hundreds of coronavirus patients worldwide, according to the nonprofit Extracorporeal Life Support Organization.
This has been happening for years.
So we asked students if they feel like they are good people and if there are ways they wish they were better.
Mr. López Obrador does not plan to meet with Joseph R. Biden Jr., the former vice president and the presumptive Democratic nominee.
The issue erupted on the Senate floor on Thursday afternoon, when Mr. Paul sought to narrow the bill’s definition of lynching and push the revised measure through without a formal vote, drawing angry rebukes from two of the bill’s authors, Senators Cory Booker of New Jersey and Kamala Harris of California, both African-American Democrats.
A number of attackers tried to enter the base but were killed before reaching their targets.
BK, a cookware company in Wateringen, the Netherlands, has been making the pots for 150 years.
She tends to steer her higher-earning professor colleagues to a high-deductible plan that covers the university’s hospitals, figuring they can afford it.
It remains uncertain, however, what Mr. Durham will find over his investigation, expected to finish sometime this year, and what effect it will have on the legacy of the Mueller investigation.
Speak your expectations out loud, she suggested, and set up a schedule.
But then there was the morning sickness, the tender breasts, the ballooning of her bladder.
Last year, the National Park Service logged 327.5 million visitors, the third-largest annual crowd behind those in 2016 and 2017.
My mother-in-law is a nurse, and she saw I needed help so she connected me with a therapist.” — Kristina, a nurse at Long Island Jewish Medical Center in Queens Therapists around the country, many affiliated with the Trauma Recovery Network, which includes a large New York team, have been lining up to offer free treatment to medical workers.
Election outcomes in key states like Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Florida and Arizona all come down to the same thing: the percentage of Democrats and left-leaning independents that end up casting ballots compared with the percentage of Republicans and right-leaning independents that do so.
For more Australia coverage and discussion, start your day with your local Morning Briefing and join us in our Facebook group.
across 10 seasons (Washington, Boston and Seattle) and made five trips to the N.B.A.
But she used it to make a point about the importance of being cordial anyway.
Others, including the Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford, had started private initiatives to help provide meals to underprivileged children.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. “Dr.
Rent or buy on iTunes, Vudu and other streaming platforms and pay TV operators.
You see a combination of reactions when you approach people to talk.
The Times offers a diverse range of informational writing genres - from reporting on politics to news about athletes in Sports, recipes in Cooking and long-form investigative pieces in the magazine.
garnered the co-founder and chief executive, Brian Chesky, around $11 billion based on the company’s overall valuation, has one of the strictest lodging cancellation policies.
Street-level activism by women has a long history in Paris, and the Gluers are part of a French tradition of “feminists who challenge the established order through, sometimes, these illegal actions, these irruptions” into people’s daily life, said Bibia Pavard, a scholar specializing in the history of feminism.
Mr. Immink — who now researches ways to store information in DNA — said that he has no feelings about the fact that the CD is slowly phasing out of production and use.
México debe despertar y darse cuenta de que es muy peligroso estar a expensas de los vaivenes de la política estadounidense y de la persona, demócrata o republicana, que ocupe la Casa Blanca.
Ms. Waller and Ms. Benson were neighbors, and the only Black families on their block.
“It’s better than sitting around watching TV or napping,” Mr. Chang said.
Under the new “density reduction guidelines,” events with more than 500 people would be commanded to cancel or postpone.
Let’s have some crossword fun with this crisp, clean and amusing puzzle from the veteran constructor Andrea Carla Michaels and a member of her corps of collaborators, Alan Massengill.
And the former commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, Dr. Scott Gottlieb, has moved in and out of government twice, and divested of his interests immediately upon assuming the F.D.A.
are even now being tested on coronavirus patients, with limited success.
As promised last week, we’ve got an update on reopened schools in Germany.
This is all recounted in an epilogue called “Just About Everybody Dies.” At 7:30, Mr. Buford told his wife that dinner would be ready in half an hour.
He goes to demonstrations calling for military intervention.
There’s another Wendy’s right beside it.
Tell someone who didn’t lose a mom, a sister and two brothers in a matter of less than seven days to calm down.
Mr. Green’s debate prep did not include the customary tactic of sparring with a mock opponent.
She might have been difficult to replace at the Fed: Nominees have been hard to confirm over the past decade, and the Senate may remain under Republican control.
But after signing multiple 10-day contracts with the Nets, and eventually a multiyear contract in February, he seems to have found a home with the franchise.
Lieutenant Governor Barnes, who said he had made frequent visits to the complex over the years, was among those bracing for that news.
Because a dog might have given him someone to love besides himself.
The ensuing controversy, coined #OscarsSoWhite by the activist April Reign, was a blow to the reputation of Hollywood’s biggest awards ceremony — and in 2016, it happened again.
Then the aligners, which cost $1,850, or around a third of the cost of traditional braces, are sent to customers by mail.
“The work of the task forces has been collaborative and productive, and Vice President Biden looks forward to reviewing their full recommendations,” a campaign spokesman, Jamal Brown, said in a statement.
Jean Graetz, who was among the few white people in Montgomery, Ala., to participate in the city’s civil rights movement in the 1950s — pushing forward even as she faced slashed tires, obscene phone calls and multiple bombings — died on Wednesday at her home in Montgomery.
Now it’s just as easy to get paid when you want.
“I just couldn’t believe what was happening to me,” she testified.
52 PLACES AND MUCH, MUCH MORE Discover the best places to go in 2020, and find more Travel coverage by following us on Twitter and Facebook.
Los calendarios sociales de los acaudalados se han desacomodado, pues los festivales de arte, las ferias de lujo y los retiros exclusivos se han pospuesto o cancelado.
And I can#t do anything than staying at home and pray.
“They see the icon, but they didn’t just love him.
And some argued that the project appeared to be a means of promoting concepts such as self-driving cars and other interests of Google, which, like Sidewalk, is a subsidiary of Alphabet.
It’s very, very, very, very, very, very difficult.
Consequently, many influencers have been inundated with messages asking for help or advice on how to handle the current moment.
Si alguien te reenvió este correo, puedes hacer clic aquí e ingresar tu correo para registrarte.
“It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side.” Mr. Epstein was never a dues-paying Mar-a-Lago member, but Mr. Trump treated him like a close friend and the men were photographed together at the club in the 1990s and early 2000s.
From The New York Times, I’m Michael Barbaro.
“Es probable que veamos un cambio azul significativamente dramático en múltiples estados debido al virus y a la respuesta política al virus”, dijo Edward Foley, experto en leyes electorales de la Universidad Estatal de Ohio, quien acuñó el término “viraje azul”.
“I didn’t want to mess that up.” Those reporters, along with members of The New York Times’s Visual Investigations team, were part of the group that won this year’s Pulitzer Prize in international reporting, for exposing the ways President Vladimir V. Putin’s leadership asserts its influence around the world.
Which means you’re tracking the virus.
How many rooms will you build?
This week, the company announced a series of policy changes restricting the types of content it would allow, including a crackdown on QAnon supporters and a prohibition of “coded” language that could serve to normalize hate speech across TikTok.
Defense Secretary Mark T. Esper initially tried to send home a small portion of the 1,600 active-duty troops on Wednesday, only to have Mr. Trump order him to reverse course during an angry meeting.
Behind them, a woman with a child in her arms.
“But I’d need tools — a router and a table saw.
The questions facing partisans on both sides are sweeping, and remain largely unresolved despite more than a year of a tumultuous presidential campaign.
(Disclosure: Both the Clean Air Task Force and Clean Energy Innovation Program support the expansion of advanced nuclear power.)
Neither the government nor lenders will charge businesses any fees.
One month after a massive explosion in Beirut’s port killed at least 190 people, a search squad from Chile and a recovery dog named Flash have the Lebanese glued to their televisions.
Kim Reynolds of Iowa on Friday said she would allow farmers’ markets to reopen and let doctors perform nonessential surgeries beginning on Monday.
Robert Gober: Sculpture, Photographs, and Works on Paper 1976 -2019 Through June 10, matthewmarks.com.
We asked readers what changes the 2016 presidential election inspired them to make in their own lives.
We were never given a reason.
[The Los Angeles Times] If you missed it, here’s what Stockton’s mayor had to say about calls to defund the police now.
Dois anos depois, Lula, candidato favorito para as eleições presidenciais de 2018, foi preso e impedido de concorrer, no que pareceu ser a conclusão perfeita para um longo reality show.
She was reprimanded by Secretary of State Warren M. Christopher for retaliating against two senior staff members who disagreed with her views.
Wearing blue surgical masks, they leaned against the gravestones of their loved ones, or alongside the wood crosses of the unfinished graves of coronavirus victims.
Soon after, they learned that a local beekeeper in the area had also found one of the hornets.
Fue durante el apogeo de la epidemia en Wuhan, cuando se sabía muy poco sobre un virus que luego infectaría a decenas de millones de personas en todo el mundo.
But the friction ended in July 1964, when Sotheby’s acquired a controlling interest in Parke-Bernet and made Mr. Pollen its president.
Yet simply as a coming-of-age narrative, it also has much to offer someone new to her writing.
The Hornets are expected to waive the veteran Nicolas Batum to create the needed salary-cap space for Hayward and spread the payments they will owe Batum over the next three seasons.
Dr. Anita Kohli, the director of research at Arizona Clinical Trials, a Regeneron trial site in Mesa, Ariz., said she got a rush of people wanting to volunteer for the outpatient study earlier this summer, when the outbreak was peaking in her state.
We’re talking about hip, not hip.
Because “Modern Family” would wrap production each spring, Anderson and Aubrey traveled when most schools were in session.
And then she’d mentioned a character from a ballet.
It is best to use your naked eye to spot a meteor shower.
There will be no polite retreat from Mr. Trump, no chance for Joe Biden to begin his presidency in peace, should the media continue to chase Mr. Trump’s every dishonest, outrageous utterance.
Near Washington Square Park in Manhattan, a tree crashed into a parked van in the afternoon.
The Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department said in a statement that about five other people were injured by vehicles at the scene.
In America these days, the answer is more about psychology than policy.
Asked whether governments should offer people money to move their homes away from risky areas, 59 percent of respondents said yes, including 46 percent of Republicans.
“In an ethical management talent relationship you should be able to part ways at any time,” said Lisa Filipelli, a partner at Select Management Group, a digital talent management firm.
Many nurses no longer wear their uniforms as they commute for fear of being hurt, said the official who went on television, Fabiana Zepeda Arias, chief of nursing programs for Mexico’s Social Security Institute.
But his insubordination during the Mexican-American War led to Frémont’s being court-martialed.
“In less than 24 hours, the minister of health tells us to stay at home to save lives, the prime minister tightens sanctions and the minister of agriculture tells the French to go to work in the fields,” Julien Odoul, a regional councilor for the far-right National Rally party, wrote on Twitter, referring to the French government’s appeal.
Music collaborations add to the fun.
“Guileful and guileless, shrewd and naïve.” But how much easier it is, she shows, to conjure a devil than to confront more nebulous and unrelenting foes, like corporate negligence or climate change.
After city employees spent Tuesday restoring systems that were compromised in the attack, Hartford’s public schools were expected to open on Wednesday, the superintendent, Leslie Torres-Rodriguez, said.
The Supreme Court’s decision is expected at a later, unspecified date.
“The good news is that the bathroom, with a little bit of care, is not something you need to stress about,” Ms. Leininger said.
Mayor Muriel Bowser said the Redskins nickname was “an obstacle” to a new stadium for the team in Washington.
“People will likely get 30 or 45 minutes, depending on how much demand there is,” he said.
After officials acknowledged over the weekend that another coronavirus outbreak had struck the White House, infecting Vice President Mike Pence’s chief of staff and four other top aides, Mark Meadows, the White House chief of staff, essentially offering a verbal shrug on CNN on Sunday: “We’re not going to control the pandemic.” “We are going to control the fact that we get vaccines, therapeutics and other mitigations, because it is a contagious virus — just like the flu,” Mr. Meadows said.
“In ordinary life, we have school, home and work, and now all of these things are one location,” Dr. Gold said, which can make it difficult for kids to switch over to school mode when they’re sitting in the same space they typically use to play board games.
The Bronx has the highest rates of coronavirus cases, hospitalizations and deaths in the city, while the most well-off borough, Manhattan, has the lowest rates.
High School Students and Alumni Are Using Social Media to Expose Racism How the Pride March Made History Theater Kids Trade a Big Stage for Highlight Tapes and Heartache Fans Wants Sports.
In a landmark 1968 decision, the court ruled for Mr. Duncan and established the right to a jury trial in state criminal cases.
The spicy flowers would be used as garnish, probably not on carefully tweezered plates with plenty of white space, but in packaged to-go boxes, sealed in paper bags and brought to diners’ front doors — many restaurants that stayed open this weekend were focused on delivery and takeout.
(An alternative: Neil Simon’s “Plaza Suite,” a series of comic vignettes set in the hotel of the title, which had been scheduled to open on Broadway this season with Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick.)
It has spread across cultures, languages and even out to sea.
Democratic leaders complained that Mr. Trump acted without consulting or even telling Congress first.
Fires now ring much of Australia’s east and southeastern coasts.
communities have tried that approach in the past.
For me one sentence from the Bible became the leading sentence of our film, when Jesus says, “Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them.” Everything we want for the dignity of these people is in European and Italian law.
We are thinking of taking the kids next year — was the snow OK?” Conversations of a country driven off a cliff, suspended in the air for one moment before the fall.
Then experienced many other pregnancy symptoms — bloating, sensitivity to smells, nausea, fatigue.
Watching TV news from the past is jarring and refreshing.
And they were asking whether Americans would, in fact, be willing to get it.
The warning allowed Microsoft to develop a patch for the problem, and it appeared to be a shift in strategy for the intelligence agency: The agency’s past practice was to create weapons to exploit such vulnerabilities.
That Saotome was in Tokyo was an accident of birth: Because his birthday fell in the first half of the year, he missed the cutoff for being evacuated with other groups of children sent from the city during the air raids that started the previous summer.
She and her ilk may be wily in their defense of the president.
But there is no doubt that the prepandemic job market was robust.
A new pneumonialike illness that has killed four people in China and infected more than 200 others in the country and elsewhere in Asia is now capable of spreading from person to person, a leading Chinese scientist said on Monday.
I asked if he was taking the rest to his girlfriend.
Mr. Johnson’s argument, he concluded, “just doesn’t really hold water.” Her friends had posted all over social media: The milk tea shops had reopened!
His secret: Take the underdog.
And for many farmers, voting in town required travel time, so Mondays and Thursdays would not work.
But Mr. Campbell, the Teamsters president, said commercial garbage collectors are less likely to separate cardboard from trash when the market is low.
The value of such journalism should be self-evident to any believer in the value of a free press.
Ms. Cattrall, who portrayed the audacious Samantha Jones for all six seasons of “Sex and the City,” and in two subsequent movies, had been somewhat of a fixture in the Hamptons, where she was often seen at cocktail parties and various charity events.
“Troy Tomlinson has been an amazing part of my team for over half my life and a passionate torchbearer for songwriters,” she said.
The prosecution has been very concerned with this paucity of women’s voices in the trial, and they’ve been seeking to address it through this very particular strategy.
He released it on YouTube for free.
Staff must wear masks, and workers dealing with Covid-positive patients must wear appropriate personal protection equipment.
Tech companies proceeded to spend billions on ever more lavish campuses that employees need never leave.
I keep thinking of the Syrian artist in Idlib Province who painted a mural of George Floyd in June.
Edwin’s temper can get the better of him at times, Ms. Ramirez said.
Despite lobbying from the student government, university administrators chose to maintain traditional grading.
Still, “Bless Me, Ultima” endured as Mr. Anaya’s best-known book, adapted into a play, an opera and a 2013 feature film.
Participants viewed unfamiliar faces and then tried to recognize them under increasingly difficult conditions.
To the left is the kitchen, which has original fir plank flooring and a beamed ceiling.
She was shocked by what she found on the fabric: a flame retardant, called chlorinated tris, that manufacturers had voluntarily removed from baby pajamas decades earlier after researchers showed it could alter DNA, and likely cause cancer, in test tubes.
His company had been busy since last week.
(NYT) • The buyout firm Platinum Equity has raised $10 billion for its latest investment fund, its largest yet.
So now we’ve got mostly three main players.
— Julia R., Fort Lauderdale, Florida The restorative justice model is a very appropriate and effective way to deal with the kinds of issues related to bias, hate and bullying that might come up in a school.
The language is honed and specific, effortless yet charged with feeling, where Thomson-DeVeaux’s version can feel mustier and blurry.
“It certainly reads as silencing her once and for all,” she said.
Her parents sent her into the mountains with the sheep for days at a time to hide her from the “Indian agents” who took Diné children away from their families.
Indians, especially Muslims, have been protesting the law.
A protester was killed when the Ontario Provincial Police stormed protesters at Ipperwash.
U.N. statistics show that the number of people forcibly displaced worldwide has doubled over the past decade to 80 million.
There’s so much positive brand equity from the coupon.
Pfizer excluyó de sus ensayos clínicos a las personas que tuvieron antecedentes de anafilaxis como reacción a otras vacunas.
Rail experts indicate at least $1.4 billion of that money could be reconfigured to support worker salaries and rail operations with a congressional waiver.
Más de un tercio de los bosques que existían antes del inicio de la agricultura se han ido.
Todavía más perturbadora es la posibilidad de que el virus encuentre la forma de llegar a casa con nuestros seres queridos.
This difficult period we have been in recently will pass, and the exchanges I’ve had with visual artists have given me some of my most hopeful moments.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
These are edited excerpts from our conversation.
That’s especially true because they were such a fantastic showcase for black talent, including women of different sizes and complexions whom Hollywood ignored or degraded, and whose legacies are often memorialized only on jazz websites.
Closer look: Who is Svetlana Tikhanovskaya, Belarus’s unlikely opposition leader?
When Mr. Philbrick’s clients accused him of fleecing them in 2019, the Basquiat painting was among the works in dispute.
In the letters, the representatives pointed out that there could be legal consequences should it be determined that the company concealed facts or made false statements in its application to the corps, or if Mr. Collier did the same in his testimony.
To measure its effectiveness with parents, caregivers and on TV, childhood development specialists will design and conduct studies during the project’s first five years.
In 1970 he married the model Kedakai Turner, who was often present in his show’s television audience, and who, in what became a running joke on the show, forbade him to get a tattoo.
On Friday, the doctor, Li Wenliang, died after contracting the very illness he had told medical school classmates about in an online chat room, the coronavirus.
With the exception of a few influential conservatives — including Fox News’s Tucker Carlson, who in an interview last year with the Huntsville radio host Jeff Poor said that “Sessions was Trump long before Trump,” and Laura Ingraham, who in 2014 said Mr.
For people to feel seen and be seen.
I suspect this longevity, along with its ability to grow easily, is one of the many reasons tamarind is such a popular ingredient in places like Goa, where heat and humidity can reduce the shelf life of other staples.
“Everybody in our locker room wants to win this Super Bowl, win one more game, for our coach,” Mahomes said of Reid.
The Australian state of Victoria, the center of the country’s outbreak, on Tuesday reported no new coronavirus deaths for the first time in more than two months.
Once we stepped onto the plane, we sprayed down our seats with disinfectant and also wiped down the arm rests as well as the trays.
Democrats had their own ideas, calling for a major infusion of cash to beleaguered hospitals and health care workers, more money for states and a major expansion of unemployment benefits — “unemployment on steroids” as Mr. Schumer called it — though they were not opposed to the cash payments.
I could just make out the slight swellings beneath my bra.
El momento posterior a los sucesos de Kenosha fue aún más importante para Biden debido a su resonancia en el Medio Oeste, la región que necesitaba por encima de todas las demás.
Kasanga aseguró que está consciente de que la pandemia ha puesto de manifiesto una “brecha digital” que se basa estrictamente en la situación socioeconómica de los padres pero, en vez de eliminar todo el año escolar (una medida que describió como “un castigo para los niños” a causa del brote), dijo que los funcionarios de educación debieron invertir en soluciones prácticas para mantener a los niños en la escuela, como dar prioridad a la conectividad a internet en zonas remotas.
A hawk brimming with bravado and ambition, Mr. Pompeo is ostensibly the cabinet member who smooths America’s relations with the rest of the world.
This one, made from biodynamically grown grapes, is absolutely delicious: rich, textured, high in acid but substantial and concentrated.
“When I saw the precautions they had put in place and the almost military precision with which they were carrying them out, I felt much better.” Marjorie Helsel DeWert, 67, of Athens, Ohio, was similarly impressed when she visited her dentist recently and noticed circular yellow signs on the floor of the office, spaced six feet apart, indicating where people should stand.
Now we are faced with an even more dire situation as a result of the coronavirus: lack of patronage.
The co-working company’s operating model — crowding strangers into shared workplaces — runs counter to public health guidelines during the pandemic.
You can also join me on Twitter (@DLeonhardt) and Facebook.
So are obituaries, often enough, and appreciations like this one.
Her ambitious 1974 book, “Correspondences: A Family History in Letters,” was a narrative poem that traced 140 years in the history of a fictional American family.
The only other one I remember is MANATEE.
“It creates opportunities for those kinds of mutual surveillance, which achieve the same action as the Singapore government might achieve through a different route,” he said.
I don’t want to do that.
“The sense of tragedy is all the more because he warned of the threat,” Omar Abdullah, a former chief minister of the region, wrote on Twitter.
But some swimmers want to train twice a day, and each one has a different class schedule.
Human play develops predictably as we get older.
But on reflection I can see that your thinking was right: I am at an age when people tilt very quickly towards – shall we just say, towards a place where people tell no stories.
But of the 12,100 homes built before then, only 18 percent were undamaged.
Irwin also became a great champion, capturing the U.S. Open in 1979 and 1990, and won 45 times as a senior player.
“And it’s the damned highlight of my day.
A spokeswoman for Speaker Nancy Pelosi did not explain why she did not bring up the legislation while House members were briefly back in Washington to vote on the stimulus package.
But even the Bennetts couldn’t have foreseen the challenges of living the mobile life during a global pandemic.
Tied with 7 seconds left, the win was decided by Rudy Gobert’s two successful free throws, putting Utah over New Orleans for good when Brandon Ingram missed a last-chance 3-pointer for the Pelicans.
His opponent, the country musician Rob Quist, shot a TV playing one of Gianforte’s ads.
Closely following the instructions listed on household cleaners will ensure they’re effectively disinfecting the area, Dr. Townes said.
In The Times Magazine piece “White People Are Noticing Something New: Their Own Whiteness,” Emily Bazelon explores whiteness in the Trump era: Being white in America has long been treated, at least by white people, as too familiar to be of much interest.
A 2010 report by the French Senate, the upper house of Parliament, noted that the practice had been met with “cultural reluctance that has proved insurmountable in the short term.” It added, “More than an act of individual or altruistic protection, wearing a mask is seen as stigmatizing.” Jean-François Mattéi, a former health minister and the current president of France’s National Academy of Medicine, said that because of the cultural reluctance and budgetary problems, maintaining the national stockpile might have been pushed down the list of government priorities.
If investors execute their business wisely, they could even pose as saviors, having offered desperate homeowners a lifeline that spared them from catastrophe.
While most of the country waits seven to 14 days for coronavirus test results, a privileged few have access to these tests, which provide answers in under 30 minutes.
“Banksy did not.” He added that his signature stencil style, developed by the French graffiti artist Blek le Rat in the 1980s, had been around for “a long time.” What Banksy does is more like an advertising campaign than art, Mr. Bonami added.
Did you notice what happened in Pearl Harbor?
It will be important to determine whether the vaccines work equally well in older and younger people, experts say.
We are in a much more conflictual era.” Mr. Cabestan said China’s decision to hold Mr. Kovrig and Mr. Spavor without providing details about the accusations against them undermined the government’s efforts to portray the judicial system as impartial.
The colorful icons were removed in favor of a bland listing.
“This year voting was supposed to be so much more simple but it’s more complex.” Nick Corasaniti contributed reporting.
It is imbued with countless historical practices, with Samhain and All Hallow’s Eve, and the celebration of harvest … that ‘Fall feeling’ just has to be inherent.
“Once consumers aren’t forced to choose between sustainability and performance, that’s when you’ll start to see solutions taking off.” There are, however, small actions you can take now: Look for packageless products (Lush has long championed them); avoid single-use products; swap disposable cleansing wipes and cotton pads for reusable ones; and recycle whatever you can.
I’m not afraid when I’m here,” she said.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has a 23-minute video (https://tinyurl.com/3BrBlSim) made by 3Blue1Brown that shows simulations of the effect of assumptions for many variables, including identifying and isolating infected people, degree of social distancing, travel restrictions, changing the contagious rate, and addressing “hot spots.” They post five key takeaways that frame the possible courses of Covid-19 that could be a basis of discussion.
Her claim to some Native American heritage was not a ‘ruse,’ and her explanation should have settled it.
Press freedom in the United States continued to suffer under President Trump’s administration, according to the report, which ranked the country 45th out of 180, up three spots from last year.
She is one of the more than dozen Republicans running for Congress who have signaled some degree of support for QAnon.
And this group has decided that there are pieces here, there, there and there that it likes.
The statewide results should give all Mainers something to be proud of, no matter their satisfaction or chagrin at any particular outcome.
Amazon is constantly intervening to maintain a review system that is, if not exactly healthy or even fair, at least usable.
I know deal-making, and let me tell you, this deal is catastrophic for America, for Israel, and for the whole of the Middle East.
In 2013, the hospital helped Mr. McMahon, who receives less than $800 each month in Supplemental Security Income benefits, secure housing in Berwyn, Ill., where he now lives in a studio apartment.
So the reaction is really remarkable.
Gone, too, are the private parties to celebrate naming ceremonies, weddings and birthdays.
Just for starters … Training Facial Recognition on Some New Furry Friends: Bears These Algorithms Could Bring an End to the World’s Deadliest Killer What Did Europe Smell Like Centuries Ago?
“En especial el sarampión: si hay sarampión en algún lugar, hay sarampión en todas partes”.
I had developed a sense of deep anxiety about the phone because, for weeks, it had been my conduit for receiving and passing on gutting updates.
The Campaigns When the coronavirus hit, the first question facing campaigns was existential: How do they even go on?
During this time, there was a steep decline in screenings for cancer, as well as a reluctance of patients with cancer to participate in clinical trials for cancer treatments.
Ms. Warren’s decline had begun in earnest at the October debate, when she was pressed on how she would pay for Medicare for all and had no answer.
A lawyer for Mr. Epstein’s estate did not answer messages.
“It’s palpable in our numbers right now,” Dr. Rai said.
Yesterday, we asked readers about what they think will happen when workplaces reopen after coronavirus lockdowns.
In a paper drafted from the economists at the University of Bonn as a rebuke of the work, five academics warned that comparing data across borders was an exercise fraught with methodological pitfalls.
games will be played on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday.
The Zoom gatherings that console but also recall that touch is beyond technology.
They will insist that the Games go on.” A spokesman for NBC said, “The safety of our employees is always our top priority, but there is no impact on our preparations at this time.” The spread of viruses can be suppressed in warmer months, and Melissa Nolan, an expert on infectious diseases at the University of South Carolina, said “most predictions estimate we’ll see a major decline by July.” But Pound said he believed any decision to cancel or modify the Games would have to be initiated by late May.
It has never been a fluke when someone wins a French Open in such dominant fashion.
Hay hitos claros pero no mencionados de las citas que surgen por medio de aplicaciones.
More invasive preventive procedures, such as mammograms and colonoscopies, showed the greatest decline.
The true number are believed to be much higher, due to the lack of testing.
Made up of the best students in the Kids ’n Comedy programs, which teach tweens and teenagers how to write and perform their own routines, the showcase promises an antidote to any lingering Valentine’s Day blues.212-877-6115, kidsncomedy.com [Read about the events that our other critics have chosen for the week ahead.]
This evidence suggested that the sled-dog type, bred for hauling loads in brutal winters, was already established 9,500 years ago.
Americans enjoy visa-free travel, but if Beijing took aim on that front, it could further damage Hong Kong’s position as a global financial center.
Case in point: “The Work of Adrienne Kennedy: Inspiration & Influence,” organized by the McCarter Theater Center in Princeton, N.J., and the Round House Theater in Bethesda, Md.
It is believed to be the first time since the modern kingdom was founded in 1932 that the pilgrimage, scheduled to begin in late July, was effectively canceled.
You’ll wait for an hour, then get a blood draw to measure how much glucose is in your blood.
En Las Vegas cargamos 36 galones de agua, aguacates para mí y carne seca para John.
Podía percibir cómo la miraba fijamente.
And for some, the moral weight of outcomes appears to matter.
Environmentalists and insurance companies behind the effort hope it becomes a model for protecting other far-flung coastlines, whether in Florida or Indonesia, insuring not just coral reefs but also mangroves, salt marshes and other natural barriers to storms.
Starter episode: “PSA Thursday: How Can I End 2020 In A Stronger Position Than I Started It?”
“We are not a legislative chamber during these proceedings,” Mr. Starr said.
Flu, a life-threatening respiratory illness that crowds emergency rooms and intensive care units, shares symptoms with Covid-19: fever, headache, cough, sore throat, muscle aches and fatigue.
Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte of Italy said some commercial activities — including bookstores, children’s clothing shops and some forestry-related occupations — would be allowed to resume operations when the current restrictions expire on April 14.
When did you become politically awakened?
Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, whose state is home to five of the 10 metropolitan areas in the country where new case reports are rising the fastest.
“He was fairly adamant that he didn’t need it,” Dr. Conley said.
Chacoan civilization had survived extended dry spells before.
But her sensitive eldest suffered from the shrinking of her share of her mother’s subdividing attention.
And compensation levels for top executives will be capped.
The promising news about coronavirus vaccine trials offers growing reason for optimism that sometime next year, Americans again will be able to eat safely inside their favorite restaurants.
EP: Shall I tell you what was also apparently resonating but didn’t really resonate with me.
Surprisingly, the 16 state governors fell into line.
— Mr. Sanders’s proffered handshake, and the two had what looked like a tense exchange.
President Trump’s longtime banker at Deutsche Bank, who arranged for the German lender to make hundreds of millions of dollars of loans to his company, is stepping down from the bank.
The Fed is monitoring how the economic fallout in China bears on American growth and inflation.
“It’ll be a visual experience until you get out of the car,” said the co-owner Michael Jubie, noting that after the drive visitors can park and walk through seven haunted houses with some safety modifications.
It has been viewed slightly more than 6,000 times, far short of whatever number qualifies a video as viral.
Since 1993, conservation efforts have saved up to 48 mammal and bird species from that dark fate, according to a study published on Wednesday in Conservation Letters.
But what surveys miss are the numerous spirited efforts to break new ground, as only a crisis can be the impetus for.
The nice thing about this theme — some of you might find it devilish, but I found it to be significantly better than menza — is that all of the words left in those spots are real words and look as if they belong there.
Ira Glass has selected seven episodes of “This American Life” for Thanksgiving listening.
France’s defense minister said last year that the army had killed 600 jihadists since 2015.
The municipal government in Shanghai, home to more than 20 million people and a vast array of businesses, said only 70 percent of the city’s manufacturers were taking steps to resume production.
The company recently moved into a larger facility, making social distancing relatively easy.
Reporters used to ride on candidate buses, and they are struggling to find the “living, breathing, changing organism” that a presidential campaign has always been, till now.
“The virus,” he explains, “it kills people.” They must be headed to something better, he reasons.
“I was just trying to play as quickly as possible because I kind of had to use the restroom,” Caruana told Rensch in an interview after his win over Gujrathi.
“The Trump campaign has all the resources we need going into the homestretch of this election,” said Samantha Zager, a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump’s campaign.
Texas had one of the shortest shutdowns in the country, 28 days.
The closest she came to an artist’s statement, pinned to her studio door, said of her subjects, “I do not try to probe or illuminate their souls.” It added: “They embrace their uneven features and the cowlick that won’t stay down — even the few extra pounds.
Samin wrote about it for our pages today, in advance of what we around the Slack channels and Google Hangouts that now make up our office are referring to as “The Big Lasagna.” And with it she offers three recipes, for the lasagna, obvs., along with homemade pasta and a tomato sauce.
Headed into the evening, he may have benefited from the low expectations Republicans have set about his ability to communicate clearly, seeking to throw doubt on his mental acuity.
Dear Diary: It was the early ’70s, and we were at our favorite Chinatown restaurant.
Last August, Mr. Sadiq and his relatives, Rafiq Murad and Riaz Masih, sweepers for Karachi’s municipality, were relaxing on their only day off when they were interrupted by a call from their supervisor, ordering them to snap to it.
We are expecting a lot of new people, and we are going to be ready to receive them.
My mother met my father at a leadership convention for deaf youth when they were in high school.
Two men suspected of helping the former Nissan chief Carlos Ghosn flee Japan, where he was facing financial charges, were arrested in Massachusetts on Wednesday morning, U.S. authorities said.
Even when a user opts for private browsing, Google uses other tracking tools it provides to website publishers and advertisers to keep tabs on what websites the user visits, according to the lawsuit.
But this is no ordinary competition.
After he won the election, however, he didn’t follow through during his first year in office, as he vowed he would do.
Especially striking, she said, was “the strength in women,” both on the part of the mothers and the midwives, regardless of what happened during each mother’s labor.
What movie should we watch?
In the U.S., two people who died in the Seattle area on Feb. 26 had undetected coronavirus infections, officials said, suggesting that the virus had spread there earlier than previously known.
$2.18 MILLION 219 Irving Avenue (at Harman Street) Brooklyn This 4,350-square-foot, three-story building in Bushwick was built in 1931.
Due in part to consumer pressure on fast food chains, chicken producers are drastically reducing their antibiotic use.
Three other department lawyers also quit the case.
Mr. Nygard fashioned himself as Canada’s Hugh Hefner — traveling with an entourage of young women who described themselves as paid girlfriends, installing a stripper pole in his private jet and once stating that his attempt at celibacy was “the worst 20 minutes of my life.” Now 78, he has always maintained that the sex he has is consensual.
I think there’s something in that illegible, unstable set of identities that everyone can learn from.
“We’re in for Luther — money, marbles or chalk,” the strategist Karl Rove, who helmed a McConnell-affiliated super PAC, said at the time.
Rolling patients onto their stomachs and delaying ventilator use also helps.
Find more recipes in the collection below.
I live in Hilton Head, S.C., about a quarter mile from the Pope Avenue commercial area.
Even a successful “recovery” can put a child in harm’s way.
A snappy sitcom set in a Boston barroom helped popularize TV’s “will they or won’t they” rom-com formula with its central relationship: between the playboy ex-jock Sam Malone (Ted Danson) and the snobby intellectual waitress Diane Chambers (Shelley Long).
The make-believe work of the rehearsal room had by now materialized into a real play, and the couple was in costume, rehearsing the switchover between Acts 2 and 3.
“This problem is not limited to construction sites,” he added.
We are testing this hypothesis in 20 homes as part of the Seattle Flu Study.
Mr. Kueng and their mother rushed to get bail and then to the jail.
I didn’t want the actors to think: why would they use that take?
So have to basically, I have to watch you know, Trump’s daily briefings a lot of the time, which have become something it’s like a reality show crossed with I don’t know propaganda hour.
“It’s been a nice combination,” Mr. Every said of having a business that relied on a mix of school bus and motor coach revenue.
Because this virus was actually triggered by our polarization from the natural world.
Sweat, 19, said she had made sweatshirts, T-shirts and masks for students at over 30 schools, having made about $2,000 as of mid-August.
“But taking many months to sit and construct something at this scale was really different and exciting.” The film largely focuses on the Eisch boys and the ways their father’s service shapes them: Isaac, the eldest, grows into a teenager grappling with his future and whether a military career or college is the best path.
I am a happily married, middle-aged man living in the suburbs with my wife and children.
Nor would any candidate be expected to receive the same number of votes as a previous candidate.
“And then another book comes out that everyone wants to read.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
The casting job continued all the way up until the show because one model was stuck in fittings for, I believe, Alexander Wang, and I actually had to pull a blogger from the audience and put her in the show.
And Mr. Trump told his Twitter followers today not to fear Covid-19 and “don’t let it dominate your life,” seemingly ignoring the more than 209,000 people who have died from the virus in this country.
In addition to her professional expertise, she has a personal interest in the Résidence Herron catastrophe: Her 94-year-old mother was a resident at the Herron in 2018.
“Jenna is a massive part of creation on YouTube,” tweeted the YouTuber Sky Williams, who said that he “grew up” watching her.
Reading an e-book in the bath will probably feel different from scrolling through social media.
“It’s full of things that mean something to me.
The governors of Arizona, Michigan and Alabama also sent National Guard troops to Kenosha, after Mr. Evers requested their assistance as part of a mutual aid compact.
For the third time in just two weeks, I have spent the better part of a day reviewing video footage involving allegations of excessive use by members of the Atlanta Police Department.
The Kirkland outbreak is “a potent wake up call for all of us in health care facilities that deeply care about a vulnerable population,” said Dr. Susan Huang, medical director of epidemiology and infection prevention at the University of California Irvine School of Medicine, who has researched infection spread in skilled nursing homes.
They’ve had bench-clearing altercations, suspensions, costly injuries, a five-game losing streak and enough batting slumps to fuel joyful speculation that perhaps the team’s players, especially second baseman Jose Altuve, can’t hit as well when it’s on the up-and-up.
Without giving specifics, Mr. Diab said the government would seek to negotiate with creditors to restructure the rest of its foreign currency debt, which totals $31 billion.
“As far as taking high-resolution images goes, there are two options: getting closer to the object of interest, or building a better bigger telescope,” Dr. Müller said.
powers, put into place after the Sept. 11 attacks, without making other changes to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA.
So, let’s devise strategies that are based on emissions strategies, not based on eliminating fossil fuels.” That approach has a number of political advantages for Republicans.
But Republicans on the Judiciary Committee have begun privately making preparations for a confirmation process that could play out in as little as a month, a drastically abbreviated timeline compared with other recent Supreme Court nominees.
It takes almost no research and even less interpretive acumen to identify Bruce Mason, Bo’s sensitive second son, as Wallace’s alter ego.
LONDON — They come by the thousands, carting carefully wrapped family heirlooms or even rummage sale finds, some cushioned in luxuriously padded original boxes, others merely nestled in a jacket pocket.
When “Take Me Out,” Richard Greenberg’s dramedy about a major-league baseball star’s announcing he’s gay, opened in 2002, it seemed only a matter of moments before the same thing would happen in real life.
If you speak a different language at home than at school, think about when you use and interact with your home language.
Lots of things may require fixing, in your life and around your house.
They found that the four profiles with the highest number of disease-free years included a B.M.I.
The prize: $40 in bar cash.
A number of organizations have stepped in to fill the void.
Twenty-nine states, he added, “are in good shape.” transcript Everybody wants to reopen.
Since the authorities couldn’t care less about Bahadur, Jai decides to investigate his classmate’s disappearance himself.
The blast shook the building so badly that party members thought a bomb had gone off inside.
Justice Ginsburg upended models of what exercise for women can be, particularly for older women in a country that values youth.
The lottery keeps hitting them.
said they could miss many people who were infected with the coronavirus but not running a fever.
We rode down to Grand Central together and took the train to Larchmont, and I spent the night at my mother’s.
Within hours, the president of France’s soccer federation declared amateur and professional soccer over, and the top division’s main television partner announced it would cancel the remainder of its contract.
“The whole city was behind me,” he said.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s “I have a dream” speech.
If the 31-year-old Mr. Morse wins, it would illustrate the growing strength of the party’s left wing and especially of groups like the Justice Democrats that have gotten behind the challenger.
Ms. Asat, who was studying for her master of laws at Harvard after having lived outside China since 2009, flew to Washington for a job interview while her brother was there.
“People need to know who around them was sick,” said Dr. Valerie Fitzhugh, a pathologist at Rutgers New Jersey Medical School.
Hidden in that file was a separate bit of code that most likely implanted malware that gave attackers access to Mr. Bezos’ entire phone, including his photos and private communications.
He said fire department personnel found Mr. Goldenberg’s body on the morning of Aug. 4 after he had failed to answer his door for a delivery.
“Kamala Harris’s law-and-order background is more masculine, so the motherhood part makes it strategic, to see herself as warm to balance it out.” This expectation that female politicians should also be mothers can be traced back to the U.S. women’s suffrage movement.
Channels like The Cartoon Network, the Disney Channel, Boomerang and Nickelodeon have reported viewing increases by as much as nearly 60 percent in a single week.
Bournemouth is ahead at Everton, and Watford is threatening a comeback at Arsenal, but as things stand, both would be relegated.
Several top American officials, including Mr. Pompeo and General Milley, have urged the Iraqi security forces to crack down on rogue Shiite militia groups that are attacking American troops, or else the United States will be forced to retaliate.
How did people get around the legal prohibition on drugs?
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
Large parts of the South and Appalachia are especially vulnerable, according to a health-risk index created for The Times by PolicyMap, a company that analyzes local health data.
Si querías que tu jefe estuviera contento, dijeron, debías dejar la mascarilla en casa.
Dismissing a commanding officer for speaking out on issues critical to the safety of those under their command discourages others from raising similar concerns.” At least one lawmaker on the House Armed Services Committee, Representative Andy Kim, Democrat of New Jersey, called for Captain Crozier’s reinstatement, saying that “dismissing him sends a dangerous message to our leaders across the military.” Captain Crozier also had come under some internal criticism from Defense Department officials who said he should not have allowed sailors to go ashore last month in Da Nang, Vietnam.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
Findings of similar disparities have also been reported in physical fitness devices.
June Mountain, a small ski resort a half-hour from Mammoth Lakes, may be “the best lift-accessed backcountry ski area in the U.S. that no one’s heard about,” claims Howie Schwartz, an owner of Sierra Mountain Guides, which offers guided ski tours off the back side of the ski area.
‌ These‌ ‌have‌ ‌raised‌ ‌$425‌ ‌million, ‌as‌ ‌against‌ ‌$60‌ ‌million‌ ‌for‌ ‌the‌ ‌same‌ ‌period‌ ‌last‌ ‌year, ‌according‌ ‌to‌ ‌Mitzi‌ ‌Mina, ‌the‌ ‌company’s‌ ‌London-based‌ ‌head‌ ‌of‌ ‌press.
Mr. Khan still carries a pile of documents: petitions to the government, and even confirmation letters from the U.S. Army that say he is the rightful owner.
Combine a few experiments to make a Science Olympics, then challenge grandparents or cousins you can’t see this year.” When “Hamilton” was released for streaming, Liz Gumbinner, co-publisher and editor in chief of a parenting network called Cool Mom Picks “attended” from her sofa with her family of musical theater fans.
“We want to transition from this extractive model that takes away people’s wages and forces them to live paycheck to paycheck to a model that’s regenerative,” says Davin Cárdenas, of the Right to the City Alliance.
In addition to gentle beginner terrain, the compact resort’s 250 acres feature the type of old-school trails — narrow, serpentine routes down the fall line — that once defined New England skiing.
There were sharks near me in the water, even if I couldn’t see them.
During this economic turbulence caused by the pandemic, both parents often verbalize how blessed our family is that all of their children are still employed.
Single-party control of redistricting fosters partisan unfairness more than any other variable, and that such unfairness translates directly into ideologically distorted representation.
But Iraq, he said, stands to take the hardest hit.
“Trifle without booze is just sweet,” she wrote in an email.
We know what it’s like when Covid-19 takes off, and it was not happening in November.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
As pervasive as the attacks could have been, researchers believe Russia’s hackers were interested only in one specific person traveling through the airports that day.
And when it was time for him to come home, his wife was so worried that he might infect their son that he moved instead into the small apartment they had in the city.
Or they try for days to get connected to a doctor through the city’s swamped 311 nonemergency line but don’t receive the help they need.
My colleague Ed Lee pointed out to me that there’s another reason for the many restrictions — geography and otherwise — on entertainment programming online: Companies are worried about getting ripped off.
“You can’t beat Father Time,” Ali said after the fight.
No le molestó que su día no hubiera salido como lo había planeado.
Sales for the second quarter, which ended in June, slowed while much of the economy shut down and as millions of people lost their jobs and cut back on spending.
It has the snappy, subversive logic of a Jerry Seinfeld stand-up routine: Kids are always complaining about going to bed, like going to bed is the worst thing ever, but no one ever stops to think how that makes the beds feel.
He last held a campaign rally on March 2, in Charlotte, N.C., before indefinitely suspending campaign events.
The chemistry between the two men was instant, especially as Mr. Kaufmann had recently become interested in modern design.
The McCabe case had always been politically charged: Investigators were scrutinizing an accomplished former top law enforcement official whom the president had repeatedly attacked for his deep involvement in the Russia investigation.
El muro, una estructura curva de ladrillos de terracota, con más de 30 metros de largo y tres metros de alto, parece tener una superficie sólida y estar colocado perversamente para ocultar una vista espectacular del parque y del horizonte de Manhattan.
He taped an interview with Kasie Hunt of MSNBC in the early afternoon.
Barkley was tackled at the sideline early in the second quarter against the Bears and had to be helped off the field.
There will be two bars, one on the mezzanine and one on the ground floor.
It allowed Orli to control her story; it kept her moving.
European geneticists sequenced the genomes of infected patients in Italy and Spain who required an oxygen supply or a ventilator, to look for genetic traits that the patients shared.
Sin embargo, en China, las mascarillas siguieron siendo prueba de la modernidad médica y se continuaron usando para las crisis de salud pública.
Under the red light of a Walgreens store, a black female officer dropped her knee to the ground.
At the top of the list: “Immediately send $1,000 checks to each American.” “Every American adult should immediately receive $1,000 to help ensure families and workers can meet their short-term obligations and increase spending in the economy,” a news release from Romney’s office said.
In 2020, there are still people across the United States and its territories and commonwealths who do not have full voting rights.
This often led to confrontations with the police, who tried to stop her from taking photos.
“We’re not going to go all in on protecting the building against pandemics, assuming they will keep happening,” Mr. Petras said.
Ask that person: “How well can you follow my argument?
Nowhere has City’s transformation into English soccer’s foremost force been so evident as at Old Trafford.
Mr. Moss said the news about Mr. Cotton should not scare commuters or travelers who use the Port Authority’s facilities because Mr. Cotton was the chief executive of the agency that runs them, not an operational manager.
Francis himself had ordered the investigation, though he said on a papal flight to Tokyo in November 2019 that it was more responsible to invest the donations than “put it in a drawer.” “You can also buy a property, rent it, and then sell it, but on a sure thing, with all the safety measures for the good of the people and of Peter’s Pence,” the pope said.
We met Griselda in a shelter in Matamoros, in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas, on one of several trips we would take to the region over the coming year.
Ebyon Hassan, 32, was still foggy from a nap when she peered out the window after receiving a frantic phone call from her sister.
It could experience a halting recovery with a potential second wave of the virus and as countries embrace protectionist policies, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development warned in a new report.
El pueblo ha usado el turismo para ayudar a impulsar su economía, y cuenta con que los visitantes compren en las galerías locales y los establecimientos comerciales que venden artesanías de los pueblos nativos estadounidenses.
Tenant advocates cheered the broker fee ruling last week and predicted that it would be upheld despite the legal challenges.
“As an e-tutor, I want parents to be available but not necessarily to be present,” he said.
Want to get The Morning by email?
Again: “Dallas” erased an entire season with one seven-second shower.
But if the city halts or delays its plan, or has to close schools quickly after they open in September, it could be a warning shot to other districts.” A novel solution: Faced with rising concerns about distance learning during the pandemic, Kenya canceled its entire school year, and will require all students to repeat a grade.
[CROWDS CHANTING] And then we get to the Republican National Convention in 1968 in Miami.
He died on April 8 at an assisted living facility in Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn.
The full extent of the roundup is still not clear.
While it is impossible to know the long-lasting effects of the pandemic, some transportation officials and experts say telecommuting could expand in a significant way, with so many people and employers being forced to adopt a work-from-home system.
Mr. Harckham, who represents parts of Westchester County and the Hudson Valley, is chairman of the committee on alcoholism and substance abuse and helps lead a bipartisan task force charged with combating New York’s deepening opioid epidemic.
“Every single building, from Ninth Avenue all the way over to Sixth.” The experience was formative.
Traci Blackmon is associate general minister of justice and local church ministries for the United Church of Christ, a fairly liberal denomination.
It’s great to be a hero — and encouraging greatness has its place — but it’s also important to be realistic and give moral guidance to ordinary people.
The two were each charged with a misdemeanor for violating the Safer L.A. health order and the city’s “Party House Ordinance,” said Mike Feuer, the Los Angeles City Attorney.
Of far greater concern is the San Andreas, the major fault that runs from northern to Southern California.
More than 150,000 Indians in the United Arab Emirates have asked to be evacuated and thousands who are studying abroad want to return home, according to Indian news media reports.
But really, my last “Bohème” was 20 years ago.
For freelancers, there’s a catch: These state-sponsored programs often are poorly publicized, tough to access and come with special requirements for the self-employed, said Sherry Leiwant, co-president of A Better Balance, a legal advocacy nonprofit specializing in paid leave and workplace discrimination issues.
Just before 11:30 p.m., Mr. Trump tweeted the news of the change of plans “out of respect for this Holiday.” For a president whose guiding political philosophy has been to double down in the face of criticism, it was seen as a stunning reversal.
He said that at first he didn’t know what he would do with the footage; he has since edited and posted some of it on his Instagram and Facebook accounts.
Por eso la clase media debe despertar y atinar a crear una agenda económica específica.
I tried to put my own spin on chicken tikka masala without any of the required ingredients, but unfortunately the judges eliminated me after the first round.
It’s defined not by physical structures but by a proprietary, highly interactive digital platform that professors use for their seminars.
The Dow Jones industrial average, for example, had both its biggest single-day point decline (1,191 on Feb. 27) and its biggest gain (1,294 on Monday).
I know many people are anxious and some feel helpless.
Their questions are part of a project from The Times that invites readers to join in our reporting process.
Meanwhile, its biggest investors are fighting.
Proposition 17 would restore the right to vote for felons on parole.
Mr. Wolffsohn, who was highly critical of media reporting on the case, was inclined to give Roland Berger the benefit of the doubt.
If the pandemic has you trying to overhaul your budget or beef up your emergency savings — or if you’re simply trying to get a better handle on what on earth is happening to the markets — there are plenty of podcasts offering guidance.
And you’ve got to give it up to JoJo Siwa.
But he was enormously relieved when he found out recently his son qualified for Medicaid, the state-federal insurance program, which will cover the boy’s full medical care.
Marshals, traveling in unmarked cars, have swooped protesters off the street without explaining why, in some cases detaining them and in other cases letting them go because they were not actually suspects.
Since then, the two men, who maintain they are innocent in the 2016 shooting of a Harlem man who died two years later, have sat in cells at the Manhattan Detention Center, trying to avoid the virus.
The pandemic led two leading conferences to postpone their football seasons until at least the spring.
The three-course meal, with ample sides, included traditional Haitian and American dishes like soup joumou, stuffed turkey, fried red snapper, and Haitian black rice.
Our aforementioned list detailing the 50 best movies (and shows) to stream on Hulu, including this year’s best picture Oscar winner, “Parasite.” And here are some recent movies, including “Birds of Prey,” “The Invisible Man" and “Emma,” that have hit digital platforms very early, as a result of all movie theaters being closed for the foreseeable future.
Nicole Kidman wore earrings and a ring by Ms. Delettrez when she appeared on the cover of Time magazine’s 100 Most Influential People issue in 2018.
With series like the short-lived CW sitcom “Aliens in America” (2007-2008) and the web-based “Halal in the Family” (2015), efforts to create relatable Muslims felt akin more to public service announcements than to works of art.
But all four people appear to have recovered.
The president, though, will go.
Whenever I get to the end I am restored by the idea that we can, in fact, find people to trust, and although we are not always great parents, our children will see in us the thing that matters most — our devotion to them.
director and the administration’s most vocal hard-liner on China, has taken the lead in pushing American intelligence agencies for more information, according to current and former officials.
De un lado, estaba Haddad, un político sin antecedentes de corrupción, profesor universitario, con buenas gestiones como alcalde y ministro.
The list of 500 people reflects the “values and priorities of the incoming administration,” the transition team said, and is being scrutinized for hints about President-elect Joe Biden’s ideological leanings.
Esto sugiere que la introspección puede ser intrínsecamente desagradable y que le tenemos un pavor casi histérico al aburrimiento.
In 1966 she made her American debut at the Lyric Opera of Chicago as Leïla in Bizet’s “The Pearl Fishers,” and by the mid-1970s she was turning up on New York stages.
Amy Plattmier, a woman from Brooklyn, was not tested for the coronavirus during a recent illness, but her husband then became sick and had a positive test.
“No, such information was not conveyed to us,” said the presidential spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov.
Wasteland, which tested an online store in 2014 but found the results underwhelming, is now considering bringing it back in case of future shutdowns.
In another case, a teenage boy from Guatemala, who spoke an indigenous language and understood very little Spanish, was brought to the United States by a coyote.
I just ran it.” As one of the elder statesmen in the elite field, he could feel the crowd turning him into a sentimental favorite.
I expected the reconstruction of my house to be delayed again, but in fact it will be done next week.
With all of the virtual homecoming events this season, the people are declaring it’s time to eat.
Swati Maliwal, head of the Delhi Commission for Women, went on a hunger strike outside Mahatma Gandhi’s mausoleum in New Delhi last year, demanding that lawmakers pass a bill to force courts to carry out the executions of rapists within six months of being convicted.
When aquarium officials finally got around to completing the long-promised building that houses this shark exhibition, maybe the biggest architectural move was breaking through that wall.
Democrats traditionally opened on Labor Day in Detroit’s Cadillac Square.
Hull explained, stopped seeping carbon dioxide into the atmosphere some 200,000 years before the Cretaceous ended and the age of mammals began.
“The well-known, the lesser-known, the unknown, new and old.” That desire not to rehash the classics but to give a reasonable representation of life in Cleveland also explains the focus on recent music.
And also how few young people actually have exposure to Black teachers, particularly male teachers of color.
They push for their mother to be given a diagnosis of dementia, even as the doctors protest that she is competent.
The company slashed the price of its first phone after disappointing sales.
Mr. Buttigieg’s television advertisements have focused on his outreach beyond the Democratic Party, and on Sunday he underscored the point when he asked voters — as he often does — to imagine the first day when Mr. Trump is no longer president.
A federal judge, Lewis A. Kaplan, will now decide whether the removal was appropriate and if the Federal Tort Claims Act should apply to Mr. Trump.
As of Oct. 28, 1,256 students were enrolled in the hubs, about three-quarters of their capacity of 1,723.
“Alcoholism” isn’t an actual diagnosis.
went too far, completely abrogating regulatory responsibility.” Overseeing development of coronavirus tests has been rocky from the start, with President Trump and others urging the agency to relax rules for commercial tests.
Perhaps in some kind of cosmic coincidence, both died recently — Ms. Schenker at 88, according to this Berkeleyside obituary, and Ms. MacLean at 80, my colleague reported.
“It all comes to the forefront of your mind when something like this happens,” she said, referring to the coronavirus.
BARK is “produced by a dogwood tree … or a dog.” 9A.
Below in the Stat Nuggets, we define and explain mathematical terms that apply to the infographic.
How can you tell the difference?
Physicians, nurses and other skilled public health workers are paid substantially less than what they can make in the private or nonprofit sectors.
Mónica Ramírez (@monicaramirezOH) founded Justice for Migrant Women, a national advocacy and technical assistance project focused on representing female farmworkers and other low-paid immigrant women who are victims of workplace sexual violence and is a founder of Alianza Nacional de Campesinas and the Latinx House.
This complicated, shared understanding of restaurant kitchens was often used to justify the work and the hours, and the unreasonable expectations in service of excellence and glory.
“This is where we really saw the power of the co-op.
No food workers, no food.
She said the cause was complications of Covid-19.
In St. Louis, four officers were struck by gunfire in a prolonged shootout between gunmen at a protest and the police.
Visible evidence of black suffering is not new.
But W, which did, nevertheless became a runaway success with advertisers.
At this point, many parents who remain employed are scared to lose their jobs or be pushed out of them to care for children.
I knew what it was to survive bone tiredness, and I was unfazed by bodily fluids.
Mr. Biden was not around all that much.
The firing was actually a blessing: It removed Mr. Sears from the Watergate scandal, which led to Nixon’s resignation as president.
These press people included one guy, Johnny Apple.” Johnny Apple, a 37-year-old political correspondent for The New York Times.
But it was surprisingly intimate.
They couldn’t count on oxygen being available.
Why do trees just stand there?
Later decades have found her working in a variety of mediums and styles, including African masks and soft sculptures, thangka (Tibetan tapestries) and the quilts for which she is best known, including the lyrical “Tar Beach” series that became an inspiring picture book celebrating urban rooftops and the power of imagination.
Gail Bichler, creative director: “In this week’s cover story, Irina Aleksander explores why this moment belongs to sweatpants and is fundamentally changing the fashion industry.
And nobody should go through that.” “I’m not leaving my home, and I think if Trump ever wanted to talk to us, if he wanted to talk to these Dreamers he would realize that we love this country.
To get a laugh, two guys in full hazmat gear will start twerking.
Two other bills have since been introduced that address shortcomings The Times identified.
But mostly it’s the wind.
And many struggling groceries are owned by private equity companies that have loaded the stores with debt.
If your bins are opaque, Ms. Zunino suggested taking pictures of the contents of each one and taping them to the outside, an idea she borrowed from her children’s preschool.
I know Avram Finkelstein, who is one of the key creators of “Silence = Death,” and he spoke about how triggering Covid was for him.
Is there anything you think we’re missing?
“All the candidates did well,” he said, referring to their speeches.
It allowed Mr. Fallon to do a sketch with him in November where they both slow jammed the news.
Marketing was a major part of Bryant’s identity.
The mayor, for her part, could have broken with the federal government and put the city on lockdown earlier.
And yet, as Webster admitted, “Sometimes it’s just like, ‘Gosh, wouldn’t it just be really fun to have them sing right now?’” That said, “fun” wasn’t a word many of the musical showrunners threw around.
Each audience member will be masked, as are the operators, who will be seated in the back of the actual theater at physically distanced tables.
Sometimes speaking up further enraged the man we were trying to escape.
The legal director of Lambda Legal, an organization that fights for the legal rights of L.G.B.T.Q.
John Stuart Mill wrote that liberty means “doing as we like, subject to such consequences as may follow, without impediment from our fellow creatures, as long as what we do does not harm them even though they should think our conduct foolish, perverse or wrong” (emphasis added).
I’m Italian-American, I’m gay and I write a weekly Times newsletter in which you’ll occasionally encounter my dog, Regan, who has the run of our Manhattan apartment.
Then they will brainstorm ways to support others or to learn more about the implications of food insecurity in their region.
Mr. Braun methodically built Wirecard into an apparently profitable international business, initially offering its digital payment services to pornography and gambling sites, which other online payments platforms tended to shun.
We think in stories rather than in data-bits, and the only thing that can replace an old story is a new one.
In 2014, she traveled to South Korea to find her birth parents, but was unsuccessful.
“It’s very common for those articles to have an immediate impact in thinking about public health challenges.” Apoorva Mandavilli contributed reporting from New York.
Without mandatory coverage, as many as 126,000 women will have to pay for treatment out of pocket.
Ms. Browder said that Ms. Fizer headed home to the apartment she shared with her boyfriend to take a nap and shower before her overnight shift at the Eagle Stop gas station on the western edge of town.
Those efforts continue to be run out of the embassy in Kabul, Ms. Pforzheimer said, but they now face dwindling money even as American officials work to make sure financial assistance to Afghans is not being misused.
I’m working on my book.
The figures are slightly smaller in Belgium, but, if anything, the dependence is greater.
The hockey world has been roiled by acts of bigotry.
Criminal justice experts said the dysfunction of the system led to the high-profile decision to close Rikers Island in New York.
People can visit the Reserve California website to make a reservation or check to see if previous reservations still stand.
The kingpin’s plans lead to complications, including from Strong, whose wealthy businessman is sometimes called the “the Jew,” has an unplaceable accent and walks with the daintiness of an overindulged Pomeranian.
One of the industry’s bellwether events, promising “5,000 Years of Art, Antiques and Design,” is both “a trove of potential artistic discoveries and a gold-star appointment on New York’s social calendar,” Jason Farago wrote of the 2019 edition.
“I sanitize, I wear my mask in Auckland.
While the festival has remained largely the same through the years, the village, and the township to which it belongs, Shitara, have changed in ways big and small.
[ Learn more about how to breastfeed with confidence during the first two weeks after birth. ]
Steven M. MarcusMontville, N.J.The writer, a doctor who practiced medical toxicology and public health, is professor emeritus at Rutgers New Jersey Medical School.
The Senegalese and Spanish Navies, as well as nearby fishermen, rescued 59 people and recovered the remains of 20 others, according to the International Organization for Migration, which cited news reports.
In sports where revenues exceed the cost of scholarships across an entire division — at the moment that would be athletes who play football, men’s and women’s basketball and baseball — the profits generated in each sport would be shared equally with the scholarship players.
Well, I hope you enjoyed it.
La impunidad de los ricos y la creciente desigualdad han corrompido a la “sociedad”, entendida como una comunidad con ciertos intereses compartidos.
He lived in Pittsford, N.Y., near Rochester, and had been affiliated with the University of Rochester since 1950.
You’re also not the only one who has lost track of time.
Meanwhile, some of the 81,000 African students who have been studying in China are now heading home.
Grand jurors declined to pursue charges against Detective Cosgrove or Sgt.
When it was time for me to exit the bus, I asked him again: Why was there no charge?
In a letter last Thursday to the two politicians, the union asked them to reconsider their participation in light of its labor dispute with New Yorker management.
I wish I’d said something else while I had her attention.
Read the article, then answer the following questions: 1.
More than three million residents were advised to evacuate across Kyushu, Japan’s third-largest island, but it was unclear how many did.
“We’ve chatted with many close editor contacts who let us know they still want us to keep pitching.
Shabier Kirchner’s dusty, electric shots of heaving beasts and bobbing riders, slicing horns and smashing hooves feel breathtakingly real.
What else do you need to know?
Wells, the pioneering investigative reporter who was born into slavery and exposed the horrors of lynching in the United States through her work.
In a campaign launch video, Ms. Wiley, a political novice, pointedly did not mention Mr. de Blasio by name, but invoked his tenure as she pointed to a “crisis of confidence in our city’s leadership.” “Some will say I don’t sound like past mayors or look like them or think like them, and I say yes, I don’t — that is the point,” said Ms. Wiley, who is Black.
The Saloon on Calhoun With Bacon, a music hall outside Milwaukee with a capacity of less than 400, is preparing to reopen on May 20.
The excitement is also tempered by a hard-nose reality: although administrators of Medicaid and Medicare recently agreed to cover 65 percent of the cost for the T2 Biosystems test for the first two or three years, most insurance companies will not pay for genomic diagnostics without federal approval and peer-reviewed clinical studies that can definitively establish their efficacy, a process that can take years.
Former coaches and teammates said his legacy of spectacular play under pressure and unyielding decency will live for generations.
Mr. Rivera’s death came just a few weeks after another Indigenous man in a nearby town was shot in a dispute over land, and a year after a land rights leader in that town was gunned down in his home.
“No one has ever been to these places before and measured them.
“The damage is done,” Lamberth wrote.
Nora Stanton Blatch de Forest Barney, Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Harriot Stanton Blatch, left to right, 1892. via Coline Jenkins 13.
Steve Sisolak of Nevada, a Democrat, said, “His consistent misleading rhetoric on Covid-19 is dangerous and reckless, and today’s implication that Renown’s alternate care site is a ‘fake hospital’ is among the worst examples we’ve seen.” Addressing those who maintain that the pandemic is some kind of hoax, Dr. Keeperman said in the interview: “Covid is real.
It’s OK.” She can describe her mother’s handwriting, however: “all confident pointed flourishes, a martial-art-weapons script.” And she prowls among her possessions, her fur coats and china.
Mientras las camas seguían llenándose en los hospitales de Málaga este fin de semana, los residentes siguen abarrotando los bares a lo largo de la playa hasta bien pasada la medianoche.
The one in my dreams, the ones I have searched for and never found and the one that sprang out before me in the jungle.
Pack is confirmed, the new bar for advice and consent is now set below that of a nominee who is under open investigation by law enforcement.” At a private lunch last month with Senate Republicans on Capitol Hill, Mr. Trump complained about Mr. Pack’s stalled nomination, according to people familiar with the conversation, and referred to the Voice of America as the “Voice of the Soviet Union.” Before the inquiry was made public, Mr. Trump had privately called Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader, and pressed him to speed the nomination, and publicly lamented the delay.
The recent escalation in the share price has also made Tesla stock an increasingly attractive target for short-sellers — those betting that the price will fall.
The journalist Carl Bernstein credited Mr. Drudge’s support as a key part of Mr. Trump’s political rise, and Mr. Trump called Mr. Drudge “a great gentleman.” Drudge Report started distancing itself from the president last year, a development that was not lost on Mr. Trump, who said on Twitter in April: “I gave up on Drudge (a really nice guy) long ago, as have many others.” Conservative sites accused Mr. Drudge of being an agent of the left.
They have adapted to low oil and gas prices by slashing investments by 30 percent or more.
On Wednesday, Mr. Trump once again granted pardons to some of his closest allies: Paul Manafort, his former campaign chairman; Roger Stone, his longtime confidant; and Charles Kushner, the father of his son-in-law, Jared Kushner.
His father died when he was 4, and he joined with his brothers and sisters in helping their mother with the chores.
“I’ll certainly grant,” Mr. Wall said, “that no president has made this judgment before.” Most of the argument focused on the practical complications in the case.
“They come and go, so it’s pretty hard to put a lot of analytical freight on the new appointment,” said Robert Carlin, a former C.I.A.
These “time-limited” foundations, also known as spend-down or limited-life foundations, are on the rise, according to a study from Rockefeller Philanthropy Advisors and Campden Wealth, which looked at about 200 family foundations that combined give $2.4 billion annually.
My family has been planning to come to New York for months, and after they canceled their flights (the right decision), I spent a good hour crying and watching “Love Is Blind.” Writing a book can be incredibly lonely, and I was so looking forward to the chance to share it with the people I love and admire, in person.
You can’t imagine how grateful and thankful I am.
“On Wednesday we told you Larry had tested positive for Covid-19, though for privacy reasons we did not share his name at that time,” Andrew Lack, the chairman of NBC News, wrote in a memo to staff members on Friday morning.
The wide receivers and defensive backs had one set of targets, the linebackers and running backs another.
Either Michael Flynn is a hero or he’s a traitor.
“A town of 70,000 can’t generate business to keep 700,000 square feet of indoor athletic space occupied.
Realmuto to a contract extension in spring training, then talks went cold during the pandemic.
Its travel website recently listed discount codes for Budget Rent A Car, at $10 and $25 off car rentals costing at least $100 or $175 respectively, or 10 to 14 percent off, and $100 per person off trips with Grand European Travel, including eight days in Ireland, which started at $1,175 a person before the discount.
In Normal Heights, said Ms. Rose, 32, she’s also found a close-knit community.
It remained closed on Friday, even after the Phillies announced that there had been no positives in their most recent round of test results.
Large gatherings of people are known to have led to chains of transmission in other settings.
The French finance minister, Bruno Le Maire, spoke of a “massive shock,” and European officials reacted angrily after Mr. Trump late Wednesday announced that he would suspend travel from Europe to the United States for 30 days starting Friday, with the exception of Britain.
“I need 133 brave people, the 133 bravest in the country.
In all three cases, the nursing homes cited the incidents as a reason to send the residents to hospitals for psychiatric evaluations — and then to bar them from returning.
He walked out of my bedroom to put on his shoes, left by the couch the night before.
Now, the president’s critics say, lives are at risk.
Another contender for defense secretary or attorney general is Jeh C. Johnson, a former general counsel at the Defense Department who as homeland security secretary under Mr. Obama has run a cabinet department before.
Listen: Sharon Van Etten’s new single, “Beaten Down,” is all deliberation and determination, our critic writes, hovering between dirge and homily.
U.S. response: Some lawmakers are preparing sweeping legislation that would make it easier to prosecute police misconduct and to recover damages from officers found to have violated civil rights.
Among the tributes paid to her on Monday was a short performance by Hamed Sinno, the lead singer of Mashrou’ Leila.
The country’s whims can shift quickly, and a political style that was revolutionary in 2016 could be retro by 2024.
They might be the complexities of Noh theater in Japan, the latest study of robotics from M.I.T., Barnett Newman’s abstract paintings “The Stations of the Cross” or simply the play of light through the studio windows.
And maybe even to these businesses, and therefore to these investors, these retirees.
He grew up in Spring Valley, in Rockland County.
We do not notice that its talent for conversation breaks down after a few exchanges, when it cannot “remember” what it said just a few seconds before.
Immigrants bring disease, crime and rob us of our jobs!
“What struck us was how loved the house was,” Mr. Amarasiriwardena said, although it needed a new foundation, which could cost $200,000.
Mr. Epstein, who had been facing charges of sex trafficking, took his own life last summer in a New York jail.
“I piggybacked off of that.
The unions reached an agreement with contractors and developers to mitigate risk, he said, including staggered shifts, altered start times and more flexible hours, like a four-day workweek with 10-hour days.
Yes, with Patrick Ewing-size caveats.
Our columnist examines the birth (the Prohibition-era), the death (the tech boom) and the soaring return of cocktail hour to American households.
For years, the Iexit Interstate Exit Guide app has helped travelers see what’s coming up at major exits, be it food, coffee, lodging, attractions or gas (nowadays, prices are included so you can pick the cheapest station).
Peek under the hood and see a Supreme Court in crisis.
But his officers have encountered armed citizens stopping people at gunpoint in an attempt to protect communities from looting he said does not exist.
Wichita State, which pushed out Coach Gregg Marshall last week (with a $7.5 million parachute) after reports of abusive behavior, landed in Sioux Falls, S.D., just in time to learn that several team members had tested positive.
In 1989, I took a Soviet friend on her first trip to America to Macy’s and, in the Cellar, the store’s wonderful, long-gone food hall, she examined everything — the fruit, the fine cheeses, the aromatic coffees — with unequivocal delight.
The cosmetic surgery industry is practically its own character in your book.
When Culdesac Tempe was announced, the idea of a large, car-free development in Arizona seemed like the extreme but plausible edge of a long-term trend.
Small-business data from the time management firm Homebase shows no improvement since the middle of the summer in employment or hours worked in crucial parts of the economy.
At a briefing in Washington, President Trump suggested the explosion was the result of an attack.
A growing number of pediatricians, childhood experts and parents are arguing that schools need to reopen this fall, even if it increases the risk of spreading the coronavirus.
“It’s a damn record, OK?
So content does rule, sometimes.
Semien grew as a hitter by learning to be more selective.
It’s just like I can’t watch most political movies because it’s just like it’s too close.
Especially now.” Follow the @ReaderCenter on Twitter for more coverage highlighting your perspectives and experiences and for insight into how we work.
Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.
They include the notion that Mr. Navalny had poisoned himself, that he and his supporters were “putting on a big theater play,” that an enemy of Russia had poisoned him and that the poisoning never actually happened.
He can be expansive — even, astonishingly, praising the media — and he can be peevish.
So reach out to your network and talk.
One patient was even photographed reading Francis Fukuyama’s “The Origins of Political Order.” But in many cases, the effort appears disjointed and disorganized.
His rediscoveries of works by composers like Paul Abraham and Emmerich Kalman, and now Weinberger, will go down as the defining project of his tenure at the Komische Oper, where he has been the artistic director since 2012.
Meat has become a luxury in my kitchen, reserved for special occasions and, this weekend, the occasion is Melissa Clark’s lamb chops with lettuce and ranch dressing (above)!
But the versatile Hill has demonstrated a strong connection with wide receiver Michael Thomas, and that could help should New Orleans need a big play at some point.
If it were legal, I’d rent a woodchuck for Groundhog Day.
Look at it as an opportunity to connect and build relationships with your children by doing something together: playing video games.
She is also renowned for collaborations such as “Goldfish Ghost” with her husband, Daniel Handler (a.k.a.
She didn’t want her to do any interviews or talk about the cleric.
The race got up and running again, and the leaders were about five miles from the finish when Ross Chastain lost control while making a move for the lead and spun into Ryan Preece, Logano and several other contenders.
They retain a fondness for Queen Elizabeth.
But most students shouldn’t expect similar treatment.
But that advantage vanished in Russia’s dealings with Saudi Arabia.
En cambio, estaba esencialmente callado.
The French police have come down hard, in the accounts of several residents, responding to perceived lapses in the confinement rules with beatings, harassment, humiliation and intimidation.
Looking and feeling beautiful can mean everything to someone.” Go to brittanylo.com/subscribe-free-class to enroll for her weekly video and newsletter series.
To be asked for life advice in one moment, and to be told you are a bad parent and have ruined your child’s life the next — this is what parenting is.
In an effort to intensify pressure on Republicans — and address foreclosure and eviction moratoriums set to expire — House Democrats on Monday approved a stand-alone housing relief package.
Like Ms. Rollins, Mr. Lyons is close with Mr. Kushner, who has had a leading role in the administration’s response to the pandemic, including selecting a “czar” to focus on therapeutics and vaccine development.
(Politico) Tech • The videoconferencing company Zoom and the messaging app Slack are seeing huge upticks in use.
“The defenses do usually start catching up as we go along,” said Davis, although he conceded the dominance of modern, versatile N.F.L.
“My argument has only intensified.” Mr. Bunkeddeko, 32, has raised more money than he did in 2018, and he has garnered more endorsements.
In Taiwan, Mr. Biden’s ascent has been greeted with some anxiety, especially in the ruling party, the Democratic Progressive Party, which is critical of China.
They feel unsafe, they say.
He took a few hard, loud breaths.
Pero en la práctica, muchas de las trabajadoras sexuales no reúnen los requisitos para obtener los nuevos subsidios por la forma en que estaban registradas ante las autoridades tributarias antes de la crisis.
Understandable in a crisis, but still worth pointing out.
But sometimes we can choose to avoid reinterrogating it.
The economic fallout from the coronavirus epidemic continued to spread.
That’s it for this briefing.
“We will never know what the real number is, because there are no tests,” Ms. Viteri said.
As wildfires tore across California and as the Gulf Coast faced the threat of potential hurricanes, Democrats made climate change a central theme of the convention and Mr. Biden named it among the “four historic crises” confronting America.
For many, it might even happen.
He writes muscular, clear, propulsive sentences.
Trash pickups will be reduced, and overnight service on the Staten Island Ferry will be curtailed.
Ever heard of Teresa Deevy or Harley Granville-Barker?
We’re experimenting with the format of New York Today.
Mary and Chuck stood on the receiving line for five hours, comforting those who came to comfort them.
As a kid, I was just like, “Wow, that looks so cool, I can’t wait till I get to do that someday.
Consider submitting to Tiny Love Stories, which are no more than 100 words.
And in recent months, he’s begun to face some legislative and criminal investigations that have called into question his ability to serve out his term.
Italy has begun to loosen some of its rules, but even still, our lockdown has been more severe than most Americans would tolerate.
“It’s not like peer review guarantees good science,” says Brian Nosek, a co-founder and the executive director of the Center for Open Science.
At Calma, shoppers can purchase premade bouquets or pick and choose from the stem bar in the back of the space, which Capobianco designed and built by hand, and also browse a selection of items for the kitchen and home, including Hay vases, Areaware planters and Beau Rush ceramics.
So I think for him and his followers, the idea of an economic unraveling on his watch, considering how polarizing a figure he is, was just ruinous.
About one in five people over age 65 have M.C.I., and roughly a third of them will develop Alzheimer’s disease within five years.
A detective on the case, Anthony V. Bouza, wrote flatly a few years ago, “The investigation was botched.” Yet it has never sparked the widespread obsessive interest of the Kennedy assassination or the equally brazen killing of Tupac Shakur.
“People don’t need masks or hand sanitizer,” she said.
“To make sure we’re included in these things the same as the able-bodied players is massive, and I think we’ve proven this week that there was no reason why this shouldn’t have happened,” he said.
Black women’s commitment to the party has often gone unacknowledged, but they have been tirelessly loyal to the Democratic Party for generations.
Anyway, I didn’t think even these grand houses could make my wife happy.
It’s hard enough to get basketball people to agree on four names for the sport’s conceptual Mount Rushmore.
“In this case, wood is humans that are susceptible to infection.” It’s safe to assume that case counts will rise in the coming months, as colder weather forces more people indoors (in the North, at least) and as more students and teachers return to in-person schooling.
“It’s not the frontline 24-year-old worker who is at low risk of getting the infection and at very, very low risk of getting serious results from that, but over 65.” Gov.
Mr. DeJoy has argued that the changes are necessary to help the Postal Service become financially stable.
For example, the devolution of politics into tribalism is terrifying.
There is instead a sense of dutiful inquiry.
“We’re trying to alleviate all of the fears they have and keep up with the care,” Dr. Marconi said.
If you find yourself with extra cord slack, or you need to use a wall outlet in an adjacent room, resist the urge to hide the cord from sight.
“There’s no reason Sweden should be doing worse than Norway, Denmark and Finland.” While Sweden has avoided the worst outbreaks in Italy, Spain and Britain, it has also seen an extraordinary increase in deaths, mortality data shows.
Katrin Bennhold contributed reporting from Berlin, Constant Meheut from Paris, and Emma Bubola from Milan.
But China does not recognize its jurisdiction, raising the question of how far the case will go.
And that if you were going to stop him, you were going to need to do it real fast.
Since then, Mr. Xi has raised the issue of protecting green space on a number of occasions, creating pressure on local officials to demonstrate fealty by responding vigorously.
They love sheltering in place.
Four years before the Shelby County decision on the Voting Rights Act, he wrote a majority opinion in Northwest Austin Municipal Utility District No.
The findings were published on Monday in a new study by the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, or C.S.I.R.O.
Y aunque estábamos confinados en una zona de la base, todavía se nos permitía convivir.
They had intended to marry March 20 in the courthouse in Bethesda, Md., near their residence, but it began requiring appointments.
He shook his head, no, and answered, “JJ did tie buckle.” I laughed.
During the early years of the Obama administration, Republicans sabotaged economic stimulus efforts because they thought it would help them return to power.
But with so many people eating all their meals at home, some dishwashers are now being used twice a day.
One of the horses, Charlatan, won a division of the Arkansas Derby on May 2.
In May, the police found plastic explosives and Nazi memorabilia in the home of a German elite soldier.
The California-based dental-care brand Weldental, meanwhile, offers a gentle toothpaste tab containing Xylitol, a natural sweetener that helps prevent tooth decay, that activates into a paste upon chewing.
Distance learning has been difficult with his 7-year-old brother, Kevin, vying for his attention, and he misses playing video games and kicking a soccer ball with a friend he has not seen since early in the year.
Take college-educated white women: Ms. Warren’s strongest group and one of Mr. Sanders’s weakest.
Willa Cather described Tom’s performance of works by Liszt and Paderewski as “genius which has no basis in intellect,” a common view of Black humanity that characters debate in Jeffery Renard Allen’s 2014 novel about Tom, “Song of the Shank.” In Blind Tom’s “The Battle of Manassas,” from 1863, the sounds of cannons are recalled through tone clusters that anticipate early Henry Cowell.
Fox News said that its investigators “requested in writing the opportunity to speak directly with each plaintiff with their attorneys present.” The network said that Mr. Wigdor’s firm would make the plaintiffs available only if the interviews “could not be used in any future litigation or proceeding,” a position that Fox News called legally “unreasonable.” Ms. Areu, who was a frequent guest on Fox News shows but not employed by the network, said in the lawsuit that Mr. Hannity, on set in 2018, urged male members of his crew to take her on a date and referred to her as “a beautiful woman.” She said that Mr. Carlson, after she appeared on his show in 2018, told Ms. Areu that he was staying alone in a Manhattan hotel without his family.
But we know that they are Trump supporters now, and they are the people who actually favor things like the child separation policy at the southern border.
Here’s what else you need to know today.
Ever since the Oxford-AstraZeneca team emerged as front-runners in the race to develop a vaccine this spring, Prime Minister Boris Johnson of Britain has embraced the effort.
“Tell me that this is dangerous, but right next to me — as a slap in my face — that’s safe?” Angela Marsden, who owns the restaurant, Pineapple Hill Saloon & Grill, said as the video panned from her outdoor dining space to the film crew’s catering site.
“With my Type A personality, I needed someone strong.
Symptoms, which tend to worsen at night and improve after any kind of movement, typically resolve after giving birth.
Each official will have a set of historical results and models that will help identify any result that looks suspicious; if a precinct has traditionally had a turnout of roughly 50 percent and results come in showing 98 percent, the team will be able to investigate.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
But apartment alterations appear to be prohibited, said Steven D. Sladkus, a real estate lawyer.
U.S. politics: In a procedural step in the U.S. election and transition of presidential power, the Electoral College will formally cast a majority of votes for President-elect Joe Biden.
“As soon as lockdown started, sales started going up of everything,” she said.
They may be a little bit bigger than what’s in the press.
Only one week ago, a group of clapping people on a sidewalk would have been violently dispersed by the riot police.
As he handed out fliers urging people to be mindful of hygiene and social distancing, a voice came from inside a nearby tent: “People are dying from this thing?” Mr. Caldwell said he was concerned about contracting the virus because his wife had an autoimmune disease.
Baker McKenzie, the law firm based in Chicago, shut its London office, which houses about 1,000 people, after a potential coronavirus case.
Alpine and Nordic resorts have spent months laying the groundwork for a pandemic season.
On the Day of the Dead in Nembro, a volunteer pressed sanitizer onto the hands of hundreds of bereaved entering the cemetery to listen to Father Cella.
Sloth is a creeping enemy!
No one can be prepared for this — impossible.
Seconds later, the fighter Michelle Waterson hugged White before her stare-down and embrace of her opponent, Carla Esparza.
Did you know that the name of the Volkswagen Golf was actually a reference to “Golfstrom,” or Gulf Stream, in German?
¿Qué porcentaje de la población debe volverse resistente al coronavirus, ya sea mediante la infección o la vacunación, para que la enfermedad desaparezca y la vida vuelva a la normalidad?
And Mr. Trump has also tried strengthening ties with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia.
Dr. Jacqueline Winkelmann, a pediatrician in Orange, Calif., said she had seen babies admitted to a hospital for weight loss because they were given bottles that had been mixed incorrectly by hand.
But Ms. Dufresne has a new post-work ritual when she gets home: deep disinfection.
The White House denies the accusations and the company has denied receiving a takeover offer.
But the Dodgers’ win was sweeter.
Instead of singing in arenas over the coming weeks, now Reyez is at home trying to improve her piano playing.
But the bottom line is that the Nets are — as another New York institution might say — “outgunned, outmanned.” Even with Irving playing, the Nets would be huge underdogs in this series.
But that skepticism is not isolated to the pandemic.
The last took place on Dec. 16, Beethoven’s birthday.
Unlike car mechanics, small electronics repair shops have limited access to the parts and instructions that they need to service our smartphones, tablets and computers.
Also, Trump’s most optimistic pronouncements about imminent deliverance from the current misery represent a bigger gamble than the many others he has taken.
Factories in China are already cranking out furniture, consumer electronics and mass-market cars more quickly than consumers at home or abroad want to buy them.
Oh, just this tiny, life-changing national crisis called the coronavirus.
IVY, EXCEL, CAGEY), but fewer begin legitimate two-word phrases (e.g., IVY LEAGUE).
Outdoor space: The property’s grounds are extensive.
Antonelli relied on a fastball and curveball, but he also learned to throw off-speed pitches in posting a 21-7 record for the pennant-winning 1954 Giants.
Never one to hesitate when it comes to baking a cake, I made it as soon I could.
But taking care of her and her heart is a full-time job as well.
Once, every third person on the train smelled of the same fragrance, a sandalwood-heavy number called Santal 33 that I learned to associate with fall, with city dwellers in a hurry; the uptown 2 train to Times Square on weekdays at 8 a.m. in the fall was the Santal Express.
Still the policy reversals keep on coming, the latest when the government said that face coverings should be worn in school corridors in parts of the country where there is a high Covid-19 infection rate.
“A dollar prevented from going to your opponent is worth a dollar going to you,” said Mr. Specter, who did not attend the Bloomberg event.
But it is only as flawed as most of the alternatives.
Philip Caruso, a major in the United States Air Force Reserve, previously served on active duty in the U.S. Air Force.
Charles Krug, among the oldest wineries in America, has been owned by a branch of the Mondavi family since the 1940s and has a vast collection of Vintage Select cabernets to rerelease, Mr. Mondavi said.
Dempster percibió una sensación nerviosa en su estómago, como a menudo le ocurría antes de las carreras importantes.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
How will we navigate our cities?
Eat This By Samantha Andriano If you know where to look, a Valentine’s Day gift of chocolates is anything but uninspired.
A sense of crisis has prevailed since a paroxysm of violence four years ago in a long-running civil war fueled by ethnic division.
“That’s the part of the economy that is presumably most budget constrained, so they don’t necessarily have savings to draw down or lines of credit they can use,” she said.
Maggie Haberman and Katie Benner contributed reporting.
They are sharing videos like this.
But since Senator Sanders dropped out of the race in April, his policies have resonated beyond his base.
But this will never replace live performances.
“Train” suggests the rape of a land, and “Feast,” the rape of a woman: At a Thanksgiving-like banquet, the music light and flickering, a cowboy-cocky member of the Arrivals, singing Baroque-pastiche countertenor lines, claims one of the Host women as his bride.
“This is the house of God, so we prayed about it,” said Kolise Houston, 41.
But in an open letter to the W.H.O., 239 scientists in 32 countries have outlined the evidence showing that smaller particles can infect people, and are calling for the agency to revise its recommendations.
The original “whisper networks” comprised women quietly warning other women about predatory and abusive men in their work and social environments.
has based their decisions on science.
That followed similar moves earlier this year in Italy and Britain, which advanced many final-year medical students into intermediate clinical service.
At his 43 he hit 21.23 miles an hour, according to NextGen stats, the fastest top speed by a quarterback over the last three seasons.
The art students turned out to be, in my experience, most motivated by questions of politics and social justice.
Make no mistake, they are still pursuing their global strategic ambitions.
“This isn’t the time to play it safe,” Mr. Moore, the filmmaker, advised in Ottumwa, speaking to Sanders supporters alongside two other Vermont celebrities: Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield, of ice cream fame.
You’ve probably seen it: Its lead headline, in gigantic type, says, “Nixon Resigns.” In a 1975 interview, Mr. Johnson said he had already completed the metalwork when that news broke; he felt he had to add the August newspaper to the scene as a nod to history.
In the South, her amazing, very American story, could find some resistance from those who look askance at it, even if they never verbalize it.
These would include the likes of both Adamses, John Tyler, Andrew Johnson, William Howard Taft, Herbert Hoover, Richard Nixon and George W. Bush.
I didn’t have anything to say.
“And putting on a beach cover-up won’t cover up you’re poolside in a bathing suit.
If you’re stuck at home and hankering for the fine arts, there’s plenty online.
Sanders may be, as his critics say, incapable of working with others.
“There are things the campaigns can use from this,” said Matt Gorman, a Republican strategist.
We gather today to mourn the 150-year-old restaurant that served up platters of fried chicken and creamed corn to Abilene, Kan. To bid farewell to the New Orleans cafe that was a destination for huge crab omelets and endless conversation.
They said he left a series of voice mail messages in the days leading up to the publication, and in the case of his own tribe, the largest in the country with about 385,000 citizens, he mailed a letter to the wrong address.
The mother of three turns on her computer every morning from her king-size memory foam bed, after some coffee, and begins answering the more than 200 comments per hour she receives on the Facebook group she created to help fellow residents of Nevada who are trying to apply for unemployment benefits.
So he rounded up four friends to record the first episode of “Teenager Therapy” while sitting around a mic on a bed.
Andy Beshear of Kentucky, a Democrat, at a news conference on July 16, a day when the state reported 469 new cases.
There were no coastal watches or warnings in effect.
Next, join the conversation by clicking on the comment button and posting in the box that opens on the right.
But I am aware plenty of people feel differently.
I’m not willing to cede any of it.
They walk though our lives looking like old men crippled by arthritis and, in some cases, dementia.
I am a widower of five years.
And it is promised pleasures we find in a group of event posters designed by the New York-born artist Manuel Vega, known as Manny.
So what happens when I misplace a pair of eyeglasses or can’t remember the name of a movie I saw a week ago?
to sue an individual for monopolizing a market,” his lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said in a statement.
So what Belarus needs is a freedom movement comparable to Solidarity that can embrace the people, confront the government and resist police repression.
Recipe: Hearty Beef Stew With Red Onions and Ale Follow NYT Food on Twitter and NYT Cooking on Instagram, Facebook, YouTube and Pinterest.
British ministers cast the speed of the Pfizer approval as an early example of the new flexibility the country will have once it fully untethers itself from European regulation.
“And you have to get a broker to go along with it.” Ms. Blumstein, who has a listing in the neighborhood and is looking for ways to make it stand out in a slow market, might just be that broker.
Last November, a man with ties to Islamist terrorist groups fatally stabbed two people and wounded three others, and was killed by the police on London Bridge.
And in the face of their country’s third wave of the coronavirus pandemic, nearly half a million students took the college entrance test, including those above in Seoul.
China moved to assert more authority over Hong Kong, partly to crack down on the pro-democracy movement there.
He can still see the mole on the driver’s neck as he went through him without causing material disturbance to either of their bodies or vehicles.
Here’s a brief look at who they are.
Sign up for Love Letter to get a weekly dose of real stories that examine the highs, lows and woes of relationships.
Stocks are of course subject to sudden changes in sentiment or reversals in efforts to reopen economies.
With the caucuses looming, any space in Iowa can become a political venue.
This, in turn, led golf community developers to embrace dark skies as a marketing opportunity.
(The ZEEQ can also stream music from your phone via Bluetooth, if you find that helpful to falling asleep.)
While antitrust law reacts to alleged anticompetitive behavior and can thus be slow, that shortcoming is preferable to prescriptive government rules and regulations, they said.
study in China during the SARS epidemic in 2002 and 2003.
Many are in rural areas, some with 2,000 to 4,000 employees working side-by-side in chilly conditions.
Birx had warned Americans, rightly, not to travel over Thanksgiving, or celebrate with people outside their household.
More than ever, we’re stuck experiencing the world through the impersonal lens of corporate technology, but what if, like Mr. Rafman, we were to critically reframe it?
“Basically, I had to go back,” Ms. Capamaggio said over direct messages on Twitter during a 30-minute work break.
Keep your hands off the subway poles and rails to the ferry deck or onto the bus.
You have 460 nurses who are in a hospital in the middle of this crisis who are home because they’re sick?
They’re filling out applications for FEMA aid and wading through the mud of insurance claims.
Meanwhile, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has its own standards, focused more on quantity of alcoholic consumption.
“How much worse can it get?” Hanging over all of these exchanges are incredibly high taxes if they are not completed.
“Hazzard’s stories are shrewd, formal and epigrammatic,” our critic Dwight Garner writes.
Several airlines on Tuesday announced the temporary suspension of all flights to and from Italy, a day after the country announced a nationwide lockdown to combat the coronavirus outbreak.
Well, the rules of that game just changed.
Más bien, la conclusión es que es increíblemente difícil predecir y controlar los asuntos humanos.
She talks to friends, hugs her mom, exercises and reads books — so many that her family calls her Princess Belle, like the “Beauty and the Beast” protagonist.
But the medical reasoning is more contested.
“It seems to me it would be proper, appropriate and befitting of this body and all of Congress to now pass the reformation of the Voting Rights Act so that we could show the world that voting is still important to all people in this country,” Mr. Green said.
“Any black man will be scared of the police officers, especially in this situation,” he said in an interview.
It was called “THE CHRONIC.” 7D.
Pero ya no vivimos en ese mundo.
“It’s a sad case,” he said.
“Es un tipo nuevo y difuso de rebelión populista que se alimenta de teorías de conspiración y se abastece de ideología de diferentes rincones del ecosistema de la extrema derecha”, dijo.
What’s useful about these payment apps?
“We really wanted people to be immersed in the space,” Mr. Buss said.
That’s 46,000 jobs in a place like Central New York.
The groom’s mother was an investment banking analyst at J.P. Morgan, in New York, before becoming a stay-at-home parent.
Las pruebas de anticuerpos —que pueden determinar si alguna vez alguien se ha infectado— podrían ayudar a determinar cuántas personas tuvieron infecciones leves o asintomáticas por el coronavirus.
None of them accused me of doing anything other than — maybe they didn’t like the joke I told.
Or if it’s going to be something different.
Fo was prolific but he had no success before he met the love of his life, Franca Rame, whom he honored in his acceptance speech when he was awarded the Nobel Prize.
Democrats had anticipated the court’s ruling in the Wisconsin case, and on Tuesday they focused on efforts to persuade voters not to wait until the last minute and risk not having their mail ballots arrive on time to be counted.
Administration officials said they were looking to resume his travel in as soon as a week, although campaign rallies remain distant for now.
Also on Thursday, the Bank of England projected that the British economy would contract 30 percent in the April-June quarter, and 14 percent for the year.
and the oversight board complained that they faced “significant challenges” in overseeing the financial reports for U.S.-listed companies based in China.
“It shocked everybody, including the majority of whites.” Georgia’s attorney general, Chris Carr, on Sunday formally requested that the United States Department of Justice investigate the handling of the case.
Research by Andrew Reamer, a professor at George Washington University, provides a partial picture of the impact of undercounting.
She would need to submit the claim to her insurance and, because of her deductible, would probably be responsible for the full charge.
(It’s unlikely either could be seated in time for oral arguments, but legal experts say the law’s chances of survival have already been dampened by Justice Ginsburg’s death, and future revisions could go before her successor.)
We warned them not to repeat their operations in 2018 and 2020.
As part of that agreement, G.M.
I think there is a common idea out there that one vote doesn’t matter, but we saw just how some counties were won by just a few hundred votes.
Mr. Mallié said his agency has been doing brisk business in recent months.
And then when you say New York, you mean the feared editors of The New York Times.
In the 50 years since the World Economic Forum began, life has improved for most people, he said.
“Any restaurant recipe now is a postcard from another time,” he writes.
In a statement, the Boy Scouts of America said the organization was “devastated by the number of lives impacted by past abuse in Scouting.” The organization said it had sought an accessible process for survivors to seek compensation.
“I was having to steel myself to do it,” she said.
Its efforts to educate the public on climate change amount to “a lot of leverage, institutionally,” she added, “and we think that’s our role.
They point out that the most popular clips are by young influencers like 16-year-old dancer Charli D’Amelio of Connecticut, who has 70 million followers.
(Her time spent as an intern on “The Colbert Report” might have honed that skill.)
“I don’t want to get rusty and lose the momentum,” she said.
“But once you lop off all the senior judges, it’s hard to view it otherwise.” Justice Siegal, who oversees more than 1,600 guardianship cases in Queens, won support from dozens of lawyers who signed a letter to Chief Judge DiFiore calling for her application to be reconsidered and approved.
Killing General Suleimani ensures he will no longer carry out attacks on the United States or its interests.
“Our retail scene is becoming homogenized, as it is in the rest of the country,” said Jack Linn, a former assistant commissioner for the city’s parks department (and once a night manager at Veselka).
Given the horrific events that brought the director and the couple together, this lighthearted tone might seem surprising.
Men are the far right’s most recognizable evangelists, and bombings, shootings and rallies are the most obvious manifestations of the movement’s strength.
If they remained open, half of the population would be infected.
Research has shown that “if women are painted, in some way, as scandalous or unqualified or, in this case, liars,” Dittmar said, “the fall from the pedestal is longer and harder.” But, for the most part, Warren was widely seen as successfully landing that answer, threading the needle of defending herself without being defensive and of highlighting gender biases without explicitly talking about the challenges she faces.
He himself, he said, never got as wild as many of the concertgoers who were the posters’ target.
The success has been incredible.
Whoever wins, there will be much wailing and gnashing of teeth from the other side.
Ms. Fernández, also a former president, had long opposed legalizing abortion, but said that the burgeoning women’s rights activism in Argentina, led largely by young women who have taken to the streets in droves to support the measure, had changed her mind.
Abdi Ibrahim, who lives there with his five children, including 7-month-old twins, told The Australian that the lockdown had been imposed so quickly that it gave him no time to buy groceries for his family.
For many people, 2020 has been a disruptive, frustrating, heartbreaking and disorienting year.
Grown in California and packed in juice, these canned tomatoes included calcium chloride, citric acid and salt.
They score better on some outcomes than the N.H.S., but most Britons tend to compare their system with America’s and recoil in alarm.
The earthquake’s magnitude was 7.5, according to Mexico’s national seismological service, and it was centered in the Pacific Ocean, about 14 miles off the coast, south of Crucecita, a beach town in the southern state of Oaxaca that has been popular with tourists.
(“It’s perfect for the adolescent gastropod looking to expand his/her living space while avoiding predators.
“That was kind of scary,” he said.
Mr. Giuliani came to believe that Ms. Yovanovitch was blocking his efforts to advance the investigations.
Menhaden are small, oily fish packed with omega-3 fatty acids that the whales feed on.
She said the post prompted an outpouring of support and similar stories from other female tech executives.
The film “Chinatown” was meticulously designed to capture a precise moment in Los Angeles’s history.
The original Freedom Riders were 13 Black and white men and women of various ages from across the United States.
In essence, the building is like a sailboat, where you have a mast up the center, and then you have outriggers tied by cables to the hull of the boat, so when the wind blows, the outriggers and stays stiffen the mast.
A president is encrusted in advisers who filter what he hears and who inform what he decides.
He saw streets and schools named for E.D.
It’s the latest example of TikTok’s influence on the music industry.
Harley has joined that group, and now that she no longer has the immunity of being Joker’s moll, Roman can dispose of her at will.
“Usually we use tests to diagnose disease states in patients, not look for disease states.
Furthermore, it’s not clear to what degree debates alter the trajectory of a race anyway.
If people cannot work, then these things will have to be provided by the federal government.
Una persona (a tres metros de distancia de la otra) completó una sopa de letras y le dijeron que, como recompensa, podía darle a su amigo uno de dos regalos: una pluma descrita como hermosa pero demasiado pesada para su uso diario o una pluma retráctil fácil de cargar.
The rest of the album I did during then.
The Democrats’ move was prompted by a formal complaint filed by a C.I.A.
We have chosen several topics that students have told us they are interested in, but you can find many more here.
Based on medical records and parent questionnaires of their kid’s history of symptoms, the researchers determined that three-quarters of the children had never had a worrisome reaction to penicillin — and almost certainly never would.
Nike said it would shut all of its stores in the United States, Canada, Western Europe, New Zealand and Australia for the same period.
I have begun to do my research.
So are Americans with pre-existing conditions doomed?
But the most obvious reason we complain?
A week earlier, officials from New Jersey’s Department of Agriculture placed eight counties under quarantine, asking anyone traveling through Warren, Hunterdon, Mercer, Burlington, Camden, Gloucester, Salem or Somerset to thoroughly check their vehicles for any sign of the hitchhiking bugs.
But it is not yet certain whether that’s true in all cases, or how robust the immunity may be, or how long it will last.
What narrative prevails has implications far beyond an international blame game.
Community backlash followed, playing out on social media and in panicked telephone calls.
Patricia se casó y tuvo dos hijos, luego se divorció y comenzó una relación con Joseph Ruffalo.
But he was not alone last week in bluntly expressing himself on social media.
That is what I will remember from this year in technology.
She said that during Thursday’s call, she intended to ask Mr. DeJoy about the postcard and request that, “if they’re going to do any similar future mailings, please work with us on the copy and work with us on the messaging, so we don’t have to waste any time.” Alicia Parlapiano contributed reporting from Washington, and Larry Buchanan from New York.
Until recently the Chiefs, with a grisly history of postseason malfunctions, knew wacky stuff.
The officials and staff members at the Federal Reserve, many of whom I personally know, are good and capable — albeit highly risk averse — people.
Think again, health care analysts say.
But right now members of Congress can’t perform some of the key functions of their job because they are back in their home states and districts, unable to cast votes, debate or hold remote hearings.
“Something you hear the nurses say is that babies are like snowflakes: There are no two alike,” Dr. Cummings said.
Añadió que la normalización de los comestibles significaba que la gente comentaba y discutía sin tapujos qué dosis, marcas y tipos les gustaban más.
Los leones y los tigres avanzaron detrás de ella.
The proposed law would abolish the 1924 National Origins Act, which put in place a system of ethnic quotas to codify America as a white, Protestant nation.
“I just want to live in a Scandinavian country and pay taxes and live my life, you know?” On the question of whether reform was even possible, she, like other volunteers, was caught between idealism and despair.
7:30 am, the average time I wake up everyday even with school being out.
But in November, we’ll have to make a choice.
Numerous other companies, including Kokeena, The Cabinet Face, Dunsmuir Cabinets and Scherr’s, offer many other choices.
Then Trump threatened to post footage of the interview before its stated broadcast date on Sunday, calling her questions “FAKE and BIASED.” The New York Times and Siena College released a poll yesterday showing Georgia in a dead heat, with Trump and Biden each receiving the support of 45 percent of likely voters.
To get your hoops-loving friends and family involved, please forward this email to them so they can jump in the conversation.
She was not eager to talk about herself.
Translated by Karen Gernant and Chen Zeping.
But they also have a much more difficult product to sell: Trump.
“He’s like, ‘Wait, you’re not leaving for three weeks?’” Sharapova said, grinning.
Finger sandwiches were served, but her half-dozen guests weren’t focused on eating.
More than anything, they want to roll balls toward white pins and make loud bang-bang sound.
Americans support law enforcement and the military and don’t want a socialist government that will lead to bankruptcy and the loss of our freedoms.
Back in March, Congress increased unemployment insurance payments by $600 a week; that provision is set to expire at the end of this week.
While Sutter did not admit any wrongdoing, the case represented an important victory for state regulators seeking to curb the power of large hospital groups, which through consolidation in recent years now dominate much of the country.
They added that the Russian-backed hackers had penetrated the computer networks without taking further action, as they did in 2016.
Attention was focused on Mitt Romney of Utah, Cory Gardner of Colorado and Charles Grassley of Iowa, who have said nothing publicly about their intentions.
“We have enough of everything,” he insisted.
Lai Mohammed, Nigeria’s Minister of Information and Culture, said earlier this week that Nigerian officials had not been advised that their country would be included in the ban.
And that’s OK. Do the Knicks have enough flexibility to sign a maximum contract superstar?
“Communicating through a plexiglass wall about complicated issues is impossible,” he said.
Ms. Nelson, 36, said she was taking a steam bath at her sister’s house near the airport when she heard the sound of the Beechcraft King Air plane.
That is the rhetoric of the president, and by and large the Republican playbook line is, “law and order, we’ve got to do something about these lawless people,” and yet not taking any fault for the fact that — and this does not justify, necessarily — but people did not create the condition that caused this to happen.
A similar sort of self-interest might have motivated the investors who handed over nearly $2 million.
This group usually has overcrowded living conditions and inadequate access to Covid testing, childcare and technology for remote learning.
They can’t hang out in their dorms.
“I’m sitting in the middle like a child whose parents are going through a divorce, wondering how do we fix this in the next few months.
Twenty-year-olds don’t think, “Oh dear, this must be early-onset Alzheimer’s.” They think, “I’ve got a lot on my plate right now” or “I really need to get more than four hours of sleep.” The 70-year-old observes these same events and worries about her brain health.
I jokingly say I have lived a life in translation.” Much of the Urdu poetry that Ms. Hashmi cherished was associated with Sufism, a mystical strain of Islam that interested her deeply.
It’s nice to have time to notice the little things.
How could the government unleash spending and pay back the $57 billion that it had borrowed from the International Monetary Fund?
Deberíamos usar esa ventaja para también lograr que Irán frene sus exportaciones de misiles guiados de precisión a sus aliados en Líbano, Siria, Yemen e Irak, donde amenazan a Israel y a varios Estados árabes.
But many more of their names have been forgotten.
That was one of the conclusions of an article we wrote about the tough road ahead for the California economy.
But it’s still a characteristically bold, unusual step for a series like “The Good Fight” to begin a season with an episode like this, rather than dropping it as a one-off change of pace midseason.
To a lesser extent, every grocery store chain and ride-share company and fast-food company could become known as a center of epidemic spread.
A nurse tied the tourniquet, and talked with him while his blood trickled into the tube.
I guess a couple weeks before school started, I was like, I felt more comfortable with the idea of going back to school, because everybody had to get tested before they even were allowed to return on campus.
But, increasingly, it feels as if that’s not so important, anyway.
“People should be held accountable for anything they do to hurt this country and this president,” she said.
He says he wants executive compensation to be aligned with performance.
I started an estrogen pill and prenatal multivitamins and was instructed to call the doctor’s office on Day 1 of my menstrual cycle.
The undeniable impact is an explosion of America’s prison population that has disproportionately affected black and brown communities.
It was not immediately clear how much of Mr. Bloomberg’s personal fortune he spent to provide himself with the elevated platform.
I feel I’ve betrayed my fellow New Yorkers: I know the humidity of July in Brooklyn.
Murray played from behind nearly all afternoon, dropping the first two sets and then going down a break early in the third as he struggled to find his rhythm and beat so many forehands into the middle of the net.
White nationalism has been emboldened by our president, who routinely unleashes hostile tirades against black and brown people — calling Mexican migrants criminals, “rapists” and “bad people,” referring to developing African nations as “shithole countries” and smearing a district of the majority-black city of Baltimore as a “disgusting, rat and rodent infested mess.” Millions of Americans are cheering, or at least tolerating, these racial hostilities.
(Want to get this briefing by email?
But finally, not well enough.
The scrutiny includes whether the company choked off competitors, or shortchanged advertisers and publishers, and how it assembled its ad empire, including DoubleClick, an ad technology company and marketplace.
It was the worst-ever outbreak of the hemorrhagic fever, eventually claiming more than 10,000 lives.
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong of Singapore announced on Tuesday that the city-state would hold the first elections in Southeast Asia since the coronavirus pandemic began.
Northern Virginia’s more urban and Democratic-leaning Washington suburbs have been among the slowest to report in many recent elections.
My husband and I, like many other parents, are concerned that it will just be a matter of time before our schools are forced to close, either partially or completely.
Mr. Weaver and Mr. Lewis were ordered held without bail at a juvenile detention facility.
“It would at any time, but it’s just doubling now — nobody can come up and give her a hug and tell her how sorry they are that she’s lost her son.” Elisabeth Claire Avery, 21, learned this month that her mother’s body had been found in one of Georgia’s largest lakes.
Weather: Cloudy, then breaks of sun, with a high of about 60.
Hemos aprendido que cuando la gente pregunta cómo está cualquiera de nosotros, y cuando realmente escuchan la respuesta, con el corazón y la mente abiertos, la carga de la pena a menudo se hace más ligera, para todos nosotros.
Beyond this official show of unity, newspapers across the political spectrum darkened their front pages, and ran full-cover photos of General Suleimani in all his guises, from brassy military uniform to slick dark suit jacket, with even the most liberal-minded running lachrymose headlines like “the sorrow is inconceivable.” “What to do with a thorn lodged in the heart?
The fire occurred at a home in Vejprty, where mostly men with mental and other disabilities lived, fire and rescue officials told the public broadcaster Czech Television.
So does anyone doubt that Republicans will do all they can to hobble and sabotage Biden’s presidency?
“I can’t roll the dice.” On her lawyer’s advice, she filed an emergency motion asking a judge to grant her sole custody for the length of her state’s shelter-in-place order.
Considered “extinct in the wild,” the Franklinia tree — along with six other plants listed in the recent study — now exists only in cultivated spaces such as arboretums or botanical gardens.
It was midway through the fourth quarter Sunday on a night at Bills Stadium that begged for fans, dancing in the aisles to “Shout” and swilling their Labatts and celebrating a victory that reverberated far beyond western New York.
Bass began working for $5 a week as an “office girl” at The Eagle in 1910, selling subscriptions.
After agonizing over what to do, Ms. Kyllonen, the Maine hairstylist, has decided to brave it.
“If I was torn between what he wants to do and what I want to do strategically, I wouldn’t flip a coin,” Mr. Cramer said.
Senator Amy Klobuchar, Democrat of Minnesota, briefly grilled both Mr. Dorsey and Mr. Zuckerberg on antitrust concerns.
(The media writer Peter Kafka of Recode, who has said another factor of Warner Bros.’ online film releases was the weaknesses of movie theater chains, wrote about the urge to catch up to Netflix several weeks ago.)
In fact, it was a map of sorts for a man hopelessly lost, guideposts to his old life: “Morgan Stanley,” “Drake University,” the name of the composer of “The Music Man” (Meredith Willson).
By the end of the series, the entrepreneurs with the most promising business venture will receive $100,000.
So there are a few torchbearers around.
“It’s now a global pandemic, and the number of cases will rise sharply,” Mr. Johnson said at a Downing Street news conference.
Former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. on Friday denied an allegation of sexual assault by a former Senate aide, Tara Reade, breaking a monthlong silence that had frustrated some Democratic activists as his presidential campaign navigated issues of gender that are vitally important to many members of his party.
With the outbreak easing, Ms. Frederiksen’s approval rating has doubled to 79 percent since the start of the crisis.
And finally, a feast for the eyes.
Because its building blocks are living cells, the entity can heal from injury, even after being torn almost in half.
Coming into tonight’s game, the most open secret in Louisiana might have been that the L.S.U.
But what almost ended him was losing his son José Ángel.
Then the coronavirus pandemic struck and Mr. Ide’s work as a freelance journalist and Lyft driver dried up.
And our chief classical critic describes how his works are built from tiny bits of material.
On Sunday, Geoff Kruth, a prominent educator, resigned from the court; he had already left his high-profile role as president of GuildSomm, a wine education organization that is a spinoff of the court.
Ninguno está activo en este momento.
Some would simply drop to the ground, hoping for refuge amid the rows of sugar beets, tomatoes or cotton.
It doesn’t take much of the first episode of the mini-series he developed from it, “Your Honor,” to make you share Moffat’s enthusiasm.
Andrew M. Cuomo on Friday rebutted President Trump’s comments that New York was overstating its need for ventilators and that the state was overlooking thousands of the machines in storage.
Is that a criticism at a certain level of some of the dominant platforms out there?
at higher rates now — and they seem sicker than patients of other ethnicities.
She held her breath and joined them.
He did and asked her to a concert.
As we move closer to the present, these events seem less like distant history and almost like familiar home movies, parts of a collective past shared by many viewers.
Elizabeth Warren is shifting her strategy and tackling the question of electability head-on, days before the Iowa caucuses.
They bemoan the application required to stay.
There’s the fundraising group and the PTA, which is — That’s what it looks like.
Three years later, my mother learned that she had it, too.
In her interview with Miya, a co-host of the Modern Love podcast, she reflects on how her life has changed since her husband died.
The definition is “It’s used for turning,” think rotation.
But Javier Adalid, a representative for the Comisiones Obreras union, argued that Spanish officials had limited influence over foreign carmakers.
Millions more were paid in bribes to Mr. Householder’s co-conspirators, the complaint said.
“If possible, I will try to get to Mississippi,” Mr. Sanders said.
Pero ahora, a medida que la pandemia del coronavirus se propaga por el mundo, consumiendo los recursos mundiales en materia de salud, estos adversarios continuamente olvidados están de regreso.
Mr. Netanyahu says the Arab bloc includes lawmakers who support terrorism and oppose Israel’s self-definition as a Jewish state.
They had planned a big wedding at an events space on Whidbey Island, outside Seattle, but postponed that until 2021 because of the coronavirus pandemic.
In other news: The United States projected that the pandemic would cost its economy $7.9 trillion over the next decade.
Gavin Newsom declared a state of emergency in Fresno, Madera, Mariposa, San Bernardino and San Diego Counties.
Ibaka averaged 15.4 points and 8.2 rebounds a game for the Raptors last season while shooting 38.5 percent from 3-point range — a huge asset for any team looking to space the floor.
DeLuscious Cookies & Milk It’s very important: the vegan chocolate chip cookie.
I can’t say this enough: Submitting fewer puzzles of higher quality is a much better place to be.
“You can’t assume your candidate will win,” she said.
In a statement, Shigeo Iizuka, the current head of the group lobbying on behalf of the abductees’ families, said Mr. Yokota’s death was a reminder that time was running out.
I don’t know anything about courage.
“So our teams are quickly becoming expert at that.” But industry officials maintain that the stimulus package is not enough to keep restaurants in business.
Mr. Campbell said he had not been a serious runner before his feat, but that he kept fit in a gym and had been working out at home before his backyard marathon.
Ms. Grech added that “you have more negotiating power when demand is down and there is low occupancy.” If a hotel isn’t willing to budge on its room rate, the hotel may be willing to lower — or waive — extra fees such as parking or in-room Wi-Fi, said Haley McCarrell, a content manager at the New Jersey-based wedding planning blog “Ruffled.” I wish we had done that, considering our hotel stipulated in our contract that it would charge $58 per night for valet parking and $42 per night for self parking.
His initial post at the federal government’s newly created Transportation Security Administration, within the Department of Homeland Security, was aimed at stopping terrorists from again exploiting the nation’s commercial aviation industry to kill Americans.
Here, six months after most stages went dark, 20 theater figures — many far from the heart of the commercial sector — offer their own suggestions.
journalism professors on its advisory board, and the university provides office space on Third Avenue.
Joe has not had a silver spoon in his mouth all his life.” Orgeron added, “He came here with faith and built a championship team, and I don’t see why he couldn’t do it in Cincinnati.” From a distance, what stands out to David Anderson, a former N.F.L.
They also chose someone who is capable of change and admitting error, two qualities one associates with wisdom.
A few weeks ago, my friend arrived at our lunch table in tears.
“Troy Price was doing his best, but it wasn’t enough,” Mr. Perez said in an interview with The Times on Sunday, noting that while the national and state parties work in partnership, the Iowa Democratic Party is ultimately responsible for administering its own nominating contest.
The Fed is expected announce its latest thinking this afternoon, after its policymakers meet.
Heat always builds where we press against each other, but today it is exacerbated by her rising temperature and the rattle in her chest, courtesy of an adenovirus.
What is at stake for you and the people you care about this election?
The good Muslims were uncritical patriots who helped fight terrorism, the bad Muslims were terrorists.
But now, as businesses begin to reopen, he worries that the brief respite from sardine-like subway cars and shoulder-to-shoulder platforms will come to an end, triggering increased anxiety about public health concerns.
Cabilderos del sector empresarial centran sus esfuerzos en solicitar que los gastos de salud privada sean aún más deducibles de impuestos.
Our theme music is by Jim Brunberg and Ben Landsverk of Wonderly.
I’d been following the Cavaliers closely then, city to city, game to game, working on a story about Cleveland’s then head coach, Tyronn Lue.
“We can’t leave anything to chance,” said Mr. Williams, who refers to “Occupy City Hall” as “a people’s bazaar for liberation.” In a short time, organizers, largely black and queer, have transformed the plaza.
She also did facades and murals for homes and the red, yellow and blue windows of the Sursock Museum, a private contemporary art museum in Beirut.
In the work’s final moments, it seems that despite baring it all, she has only just begun to scratch the surface.
From The Learning Network: Nicole Daniels, Shannon Doyne, Jeremy Engle, Ross Flatt, Michael Gonchar, Rachel Manley, John Otis and Natalie Proulx.
That’s perfect,” said Billie Jean King, laughing hard.
Here are some key points to know about Social Security and the mail.
You may want to pick an image that enhances one of the artifacts you already selected.
“Stuff the bodice of the gown with acid-free, colorless tissue paper to prevent it from getting crushed and the dress from losing its shape,” said Shawne Jacobs, creative director of Anne Barge and president of its parent company, S. Jacobs.
“It’s not the same skills,” said Robert Barnett, a Washington lawyer who has helped prep several presidential and vice-presidential candidates for debates.
In the past Mr. Cuomo has collaborated with a designer named Rusty Zimmerman, who earlier this year drew a far superior poster for the governor that pictured New York as a trusty schooner plowing through “the sea of division” and “the squalls of hate.” This time the governor sketched out a design that was executed by another artist, whose name the governor’s spokespeople were unable to provide.
It has also collaborated with the Mayo Clinic on the Well Living Lab, a research center studying the connection between human health and the spaces we live in.
She sent me CDs and articles and sometimes over dinner would explain complicated legal cases.
We have a quite real result in New Hampshire.
But Wednesday was about the backbone of the modern Democratic Party: younger voters, Black voters, Latino voters and women, the voters who have delivered for Democrats in the Trump era and who have infused the party with new energy around social justice.
“I recognize that the nomination process is multifaceted and uncertain, and it is clear the process does not require my current attention,” he said.
We cannot solve the affordability crisis in our cities without building more housing.
On three: do nothing!” — STEPHEN COLBERT, on Trump saying he is a “cheerleader for the country” “Give me a B!
dial-up tones, X begins crying.
This comes as a law in California that seeks to reclassify Uber and Lyft workers as employees puts Uber’s business at risk.
Internet companies can have all the rules and punishments in the world, but they’re toothless if they can’t effectively enforce them.
Despite the horrifying surge of Covid-19 cases and deaths in the United States right now, one bit of good news is emerging this winter: It looks unlikely that the country will endure a “twindemic” of both flu and the coronavirus at the same time.
Pero con acceso o sin él a los muros de las galerías, los latinos han conseguido maneras de realizar su arte y conseguir audiencia.
I miss my son every day.
“You’re a Tea Party guy, Joe,” Mr. Locke said.
He will walk out, I guess, to a podium.
I’m learning how to fix things rather than purchase them.
Driving home that trope, Mr. Crewdson brought street lamps into many scenes, fitting them with special lights that cast an eerie glow.
Puzzles are incredibly fun at this age and a great way to spend time together.
She has remained critical of restaurant restrictions.
Members of Ms. Tchen’s task force found that as many as 26 such committees existed.
When the companies provide us early access to their gadgets, they set a date and time for when reviewers can publish their verdicts before the products are released.
Now this means the in-person learning, obviously remote learning has begun already.
The private correspondence between Ms. Powell and Mr. Barr, disclosed in a little-noticed court filing last fall, was the first step toward a once-obscure lawyer and a powerful attorney general finding common cause in a battle to dismantle the legacy of the investigations into President Trump and his allies.
But the giant RSA security conference still went on in San Francisco this past week, even though big companies like IBM, AT&T and Verizon pulled out of it.
Riverview was being sold, it said, “sometime in the first few months of 2020.” Everyone would have to leave.
“You know, what happened last night is scary,” Mr. Rijo, 29, said.
“Somewhere between 5 and 10 percent of our patients presenting for nonmental health concerns screen positive,” she said — and this was true before the pandemic.
Andrew M. Cuomo’s coronavirus briefings.
It turned out to be the work of a competitor that had intercepted the company’s Wi-Fi from an apartment rented across the street.
People at the scene and those who viewed video of the arrest seemed shocked, and also confused about exactly what had occurred.
They are most comfortable trotting around in the trees, far from anywhere people might tread.
“He reached out to me, and I looked across thinking, ‘OK, here we go, this is for life and there’s nothing I can do about it.’ And why would I?” The 2006 documentary “My Brother Vinnie,” which Pedersen wrote, is an affecting portrait of their relationship, and the brothers remain bonded.
Sin duda, esta violencia y el auge de los feminicidios terminó con la luna de miel de casi 15 meses que tuvo López Obrador y ha creado la primera gran crisis en su gobierno.
Some right-of-center outlets like Real Clear and National Review, along with left-leaning ones like Media Matters for America and Mother Jones, fund part of their operations through foundations that can accept anonymous tax-deductible contributions.
After this episode, Shapland stopped writing for years.
The effect is to erase all the voters in that state who didn’t vote for the top candidate.
I’ve seen chum treated with more delicacy by great white sharks.
But as parties have become more uniform, Americans more geographically sorted by ideology and cable news more pervasive, even school-board elections have turned into referendums on national arguments.
But the testing has limitations in such a large system.
Through online research, Ms. Rountree discovered Elizabeth Suzann, a label that offers classic staples in natural fabrics in sizes XXS through 4XL — and then discovered that used Elizabeth Suzann clothing was being sold on Instagram accounts like Sell/Trade Elizabeth Suzann and Sell/Trade Slow Fashion.
transcript Hi I’m George C. Wolfe, and I’m the director of “Ma Rainey’s Black Bottom.” “You’re supposed to play the song like I sing it, the way everybody else play it.” “Playing a song, I was playing it the way I felt it.” This scene takes place toward the end of the film.
Sprawling along South Molton Street in a series of connected townhouses, the boutique was run by Joan Burstein (commonly called Mrs. B) and her family until it was acquired by the luxury e-platform Farfetch in 2015.
As for when politics and controversy might stop dragging on health care shares, that may not happen until after the 2020 election, said Teresa K. McRoberts, portfolio manager of the Alger Health Sciences Fund.
I think that’s the law.
When you’re ready, decide what line you want to start with and what line you want to end with.
Pasó más de una década en el Medio Oriente como corresponsal en el extranjero para BuzzFeed, NPR, The Times of London y los diarios McClatchy.
He has also said he prepaid millions of dollars in federal income taxes, but any prepayments would be estimated taxes factored into his final bill.
Florida and Arizona have stay-at-home orders due to expire on Thursday, but the governors of both states have been vague about their plans.
Frankly, that was one of the arguments that Biden advisers made to insiders during the primary: If Democrats nominated a “Medicare for all” candidate (see: Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren), the party would cede the health care high ground that it gained during the Trump years.
Writing by hand creates stronger memories and understanding, so try to include written assignments along with online options.
Without linking the cases to their context, it is very difficult to understand what the numbers mean.
The original cast included Morgan Freeman, Rita Moreno and Bill Cosby, plus Irene Cara as part of the in-house kids band, the Short Circus.
Florida has also been grappling with a surge in coronavirus cases.
With Confederate statues and other monuments with racist associations being toppled across the country in the wave of Black Lives Matter protests, the debate over the Mississippi flag has gathered momentum.
“They are investments driven by passion and emotion in categories with longstanding history.” A useful point of reference in chronicling the analogous history of cars and watches goes back to the middle of the 20th century, when the wives and girlfriends of racecar drivers sat by the pit wall, mechanical stopwatch in hand (often made by Heuer), to measure lap times.
Related: Li Yuan, our New New World columnist, has a mixed view of China’s initial response to the virus.
Scientists say the Conservative government’s slow reactions have cost thousands of lives.
There is a fruit encased in prickly armor that smells of a deep, dank rot.
En la carrera para acabar con la pandemia, dijo, “todos los días contaban”.
They were met with stunned silence.
They often work and live in substandard conditions to earn more than they could at home.
You can like an insult which doesn’t feel great versus like a racial slur which can have real tangible consequences if you use it.
If you’ve been following the virus news out of Sweden, this fact may surprise you.
Polling has always depended on whether a pollster can design a survey that yields an unbiased sample, but now it increasingly depends on whether a pollster can identify and control for a source of bias.
Instead, it is often reconstructed from snapshots of ordinary lives.
Craig Tiley, the Australian Open tournament director and Tennis Australia’s chief executive, said in a statement that they have “committed substantial extra resources” to monitor the air quality.
Graham was nodding, over and over, as if taking in terrible news.
After that directive, 522 of the system’s 146,000 total inmates were moved to home confinement, according to the Bureau of Prisons.
“He needs you, your country needs you,” one attendee said, characterizing Mr. Scowcroft’s message.
Start by running the matzo under cold water for a few minutes to soften it slightly.
In New York, like many other big cities around the country, the only place to have a restaurant meal since March has been in your own head.
But certain types of tests, especially the rapid ones, aren’t reliable at picking up on low levels of the virus and might mislabel infected people as “negative.” And no test can capture a person’s status in the future.
There’s a rarefied level of punnery in the grid, entries that zoom back and forth over my head multiple times until they’re revealed in all their glory, like PITTED, TORTE, ORATOR and its neighbor, my fizzy favorite, ROLAIDS.
“He’ll have those guys willing to run through a brick wall.”
In addition to offering guidance on a bolder decarceration effort, the report stresses the importance of minimizing risks to the families and communities involved, such as “offering testing prior to release, a place to quarantine in the community, and examination of parole and probation policies and procedures.” More comprehensive and more standardized testing and reporting requirements are also needed.
When I started my career, offices were alive.
Researchers also want to know if the vaccines prevent people from spreading the virus, which could bring a swifter end to the pandemic.
On the way back they drove into the night.
“I’d like to be able to raise awareness on the tactics that abusers use to control you and take away your agency,” Ms. Barnett told The New York Times.
Most of these jobs cannot be done from home.
In Maine, Biden had the most votes statewide, but Trump had more votes than Biden in Maine’s northern 2nd congressional district, earning one of Maine’s four Electoral College votes.
that invests in such companies — the iShares Fallen Angels U.S.D.
White parents worry that our kids will be harmed.
When they are done, they will have to quarantine for two weeks.
The health of the people of the Amazon was in crisis long before the pandemic hit.
While they are leaving the church, congregations overseas are growing rapidly, particularly in Africa; there are nearly 3 million members in Tanzania and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
One way is to figure out who owes you money from the many services you pay for but aren’t in business right now.
It is frequently discussed on Fox News.
Other antibody test findings include: About 13.1 percent of men and 11.5 percent of women tested positive for antibodies.
La pandemia ha roto esa regla de oro.
It is a diagnosis,” said Sergei Shnurov, the longtime frontman for the ska-punk band Leningrad.
In our poll, Pete Buttigieg stands to benefit.
Applegate’s Newbery Award-winning book of the same title, this retelling is candy sweet compared with the real Ivan’s cameo in the 1991 documentary “The Urban Gorilla,” which turned him into a 500-pound cause célèbre.
“Droukdal remained doggedly loyal to Al Qaeda’s senior leadership.”
The budget for the W.H.O.
Right-wing media, which moved swiftly from downplaying the severity of the crisis to calling it a Democratic plot to bring down the president, has exacerbated the rift.
Salanic mostly plays José with quiet but weighted contemplation, but here he is buoyant with youth and the prospect of romance.
Like Dr. Anthony Fauci, the face of the American government’s scientific response, they are known for extensive public health pedigrees, calm demeanors and no-nonsense adherence to facts.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
Researchers used a Norwegian health database to study 980,560 children, of whom 28,068 were exposed to pre-eclampsia in full-term pregnancies.
Generally, he does so by drawing inspiration from the ecstatic pop of the 1980s, particularly Michael Jackson, a clear vocal influence.
The company also makes Levantine gin, fruity and somewhat sweet, with za’atar added to the botanicals.
“Art helps us be part of our world, to process what is happening around us, to grieve.” She and Ms. Kostich saw a need as well as an opportunity.
Under the new regulations issued on Monday, travelers to Hong Kong will be required to provide proof that they tested negative before boarding flights to the city.
— Laura Arbona, Hoggard High School in Wilmington, NC “Same Action, But Different Reaction” How much can a person take before they get enough?
“Biggest breakthrough sound bite: Harris wins.
He forced a test vote Tuesday afternoon on a narrow measure that would revive the Paycheck Protection Program, a popular small-business loan program.
Elderly people and children, toddlers, babies, were sent to the right.
Astrid sat and leaned back until her neck touched the cold porcelain of the sink.
SISTERS IN HATEAmerican Women on the Front Lines of White NationalismBy Seyward Darby As many white Americans struggle to better understand Black lives, it is crucial to understand the people who don’t think those lives matter — the white nationalists whose support Donald Trump is ever more openly seeking to win a continuation of his presidency.
The Rams’ forays into Seahawks territory produced two field goals and an interception that defied justification.
Sentado con Pat y Cathlin, hablando de pelucas y de calvicie, fue una de las ocasiones en que perdí la compostura.
“Air pollution is driving health inequalities.” Mayor Sadiq Khan has made air pollution a major fight of his tenure, and in October his office stated that the number of Londoners living in areas exceeding the legal limit for nitrogen dioxide had fallen from over two million in 2016 to 119,000 in 2019.
The doctor stooped to check her vitals.
Collectively, these are not the most promising conditions for gathering a big crowd, much less a calm one.
Mr. Loecke, of Madcap Cottage, recommends decorating your oasis with design elements that mean something to you: “Ask yourself: Is there a place you like to go?
“It is at least in part structural.” Jensen gives a brief, potent account of how the N.R.A.
Microsoft also issued a warning last week detailing efforts by Russian military intelligence units to hack campaign staff members and consultants of Democrats and Republicans.
The Information found that Loon had spent a bunch of money including on costs it didn’t expect like regularly replacing balloons — something that more conventional internet delivery options don’t require.
director from 2013 to 2015, after which she returned to the White House as the deputy national security adviser, leading the committee of agency deputies that developed policy options for Mr. Obama in the final years of his administration.
“I feel like I’m letting my family down by not walking across the stage because my brother never got a chance to.” Reynolds is one of the 3.7 million members of the class of Covid-19, America’s high school seniors who saw much of their season of festivities canceled because of the coronavirus.
“It is a technique that we don’t use as much anymore because of the vulnerability,” said Mylan Masson, a former police officer who ran a training program for the Minneapolis police for 15 years until 2016.
“From what I see every Sunday, people are ready to persist,” said Aleksei Chumakin, 24, an electrical engineer who attended the demonstration.
I won’t be shy in saying that I believe in entrepreneurship.
A grim-looking Mr. Griveaux responded to the release of the messages in a video statement on Friday morning, saying, “It has gone too far.” He did not explicitly refer to the videos, but said that for the past year his family had been “subjected to defamatory statements, lies, anonymous attacks, the disclosure of stolen private conversations, as well as death threats.” Mr. Griveaux said that a “new stage” had been reached after a “website and social media” began circulating “vile attacks” involving his private life.
In recent years, Mr. King’s re-election margins have slimmed to single digits as the district’s demographics and geographic borders have changed.
Around dismissal time on Nov. 18, a Wednesday afternoon, news broke that New York City had reached a coronavirus positivity threshold of 3 percent, which would result in another shutdown of in-person instruction.
Colombia está prácticamente sola en este asunto.
The group discussed the governor in vulgar terms and called her a “tyrant.” “Have one person go to her house.
While rent collections for office space are holding up better than for other property types, co-working and flexible space companies — a big source of growth for the commercial real estate industry — are being hit hard as customers pare their spending or avoid communal settings.
Sin embargo, Trump ya tiene problemas con el apoyo de los militares, y toda la elección será un juego cerrado.
Einstein thought that was crazy, but astronomers have found that space is littered with these apocalyptic creatures.
“If you’re a young person you look up and say, ‘What have I experienced from this capitalist system?’ Corporate abuse, crashes, bailouts, greed, record levels of college debt.” But he insists the best actor to improve people’s lives is “not our government, it’s us.” “Bernie’s saying, ‘Let’s stick it to the billionaires and all will be well,’” he said.
Mr. Mawhinney, the third person charged in the case, was also accused of helping provide Mr. Dulos with a possible alibi.
New York has huge numbers of vulnerable students for whom remote learning has been particularly disastrous, including 114,000 homeless students and 200,000 children with disabilities.
The exchange comes amid a simmering fight inside the Trump administration over policy toward Iran and the course of America’s war in Iraq, which began just over 17 years ago.
A fan of his country’s soccer league, the Bundesliga, Draisaitl said he hoped the N.H.L.
Felipe Neto, a video blogger and entrepreneur with more than 40 million subscribers on YouTube, announced last year that he was becoming vegetarian as Brazil drew global outrage over an unusually destructive fire season in the Amazon.
Andrew M. Cuomo a one-year window to unilaterally cut spending if warranted, as the state faces a shortfall of at least $10 billion in tax revenue.
Museums in the United States which survive from earned income and philanthropy are more vulnerable than government-subsidized European institutions.
The reason I can have gougères in the oven whenever friends come is that I scoop the dough, freeze the puffs and then bake as many as I need.
Bacchus Ristorante, in San José’s Santa Ana neighborhood, is a colorful and comfortable Mediterranean style spot that attracts a youngish crowd.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
For more Australia coverage and discussion, start your day with your local Morning Briefing and join us in our Facebook group.
Or maybe you are experiencing the opposite: more bickering, fighting and frustrations.
“I don’t much care whether the music is in strict period or not,” he wrote in the liner notes to the soundtrack album.
Traveling from Batavia to Amsterdam in 1634, the infamous detective Samuel Pipps, known as the Sparrow, a man with a legendary mind and a “fragile beauty,” is brought aboard the ship in manacles, accompanied by his Watson-like partner, Arent Hayes, a large, sweet-natured man known as the Bear.
He was then airlifted to a larger medical center in Dallas and died there on Saturday.
I think more students will have more of a hybrid education — in-person, high-touch, with professors there with them in the classroom, but also more available online.
What does that say about where you are in your career right now?
Last year, Billboard magazine came under intense criticism over how its charts accounted for sales bundles — when artists tack a copy of their new album as a bonus for buying a T-shirt or other merchandise, or a concert ticket.
Because Abbott, after issuing the statewide stay-at-home order, basically later on tells the cities and the counties, “OK guys, my state orders supersede your local orders.” Hmm.
Still, stripping traffic down largely to necessary deliveries and services, Ms. Kaufman said, provide a baseline for gauging who really needs to drive in New York.
“I will say that it’s OK for political conventions to be political, but pandemic response cannot be,” Mr. Cooper said at a news conference on Tuesday.
“I don’t want to feed my son chicken tenders and frozen pizzas,” said Miranda Richardson, a police department administrator.
He had turned to stealing by the time he was 11 because of the “corrupting allure of instant gratification and the high of peer acceptance,” his biography on the Roc Nation website says, even though “his family provided him with a nice home and everything he wanted as a child.” After being released in 2014, the Roc Nation bio says, Mr. Senior “worked construction jobs to take care of his family” but “felt unsatisfied with life.” He began to try his hand at rapping, enjoyed some early success and released his first original song, “Don’t Run,” in 2016.
Bradley’s interest in what images of Black life have not made it to film extends to the historical and speculative.
As hospitals collapsed under a deluge of patients, bodies filled their hallways.
Here at Wine School, we don’t pretend to be gurus, rabbis or life coaches, to use a currently popular term.
One danger I see among young people, particularly on college campuses — Malia and I talk about this — It prompts Barack Obama to weigh in.
We’ve set record job numbers.” Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the top Democrat on the Finance Committee, said the president’s rosy predictions were not going to help the millions of Americans without jobs.
Russian interference: The Internet Research Agency, a Russian group that interfered in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, is at it again, Facebook said on Tuesday.
What is going on here?
At the moment, it doesn’t.
This campaign, they suggested, had doubled as a national X-ray, with both sides distressed about what might turn up on the scan.
teams filled head coaching vacancies, and the Miami Dolphins were the only club to hire a nonwhite head coach, Brian Flores.
In a few weeks, Thanksgiving will be a quiet affair: just the two of them.
“So far nobody has lied to me; nobody has not taken my calls,” Ms. Wiegand said.
“‘This isn’t what I signed up for, Barack,’” says Michelle.
Mr. Sechin, who has worked alongside Mr. Putin since the 1990s, when they served together as midlevel officials in St. Petersburg, has been lobbying for years against production cuts proposed by the Saudis.
Wuhan, the center of the outbreak, is home to more than one third of all French investment in China.
Those seven weeks of separation became an exercise in laying it all on the line.
Her parents had arrived in the United States as part of a refugee resettlement program for the families of Hmong soldiers who had aided the C.I.A.
I’m sure other people are like, “This guy’s insane,” but any shoe you can slip on without touching is, to me, the goal.
But the official arrival of winter doesn’t mean you have to be stuck inside.
One key component of the earlier relief package, expanded unemployment benefits, is scheduled to expire at the end of the week, adding to the urgency of the talks.
Last month in the Rose Garden as Mr. Trump highlighted a dip in the unemployment rate, he invoked Mr. Floyd.
Landmark criminal justice reforms, which went into effect on Jan. 1, banned bail for defendants charged with most misdemeanors and nonviolent offenses.
The rest were canceled, too.
He said that his bill would include a new round of stimulus checks to Americans, but that the amount of money they contained would be a matter of negotiation.
Now, however, even if Mr. Weinstein prevails in Manhattan, he will face a second trial in Los Angeles.
“This was an epicenter of the virus.
But we need to talk.” It was the latest reminder that the populists Facebook has empowered can turn quickly on the platform.
Mr. Singleton said the agreement was the best way for victims to be paid quickly.
Ahora que nada de ello es un riesgo, sino una realidad, el presidente tendrá entre sus obligaciones intentar devolver el civismo a la vida pública española.
He worked as a stunt coordinator on “The Eiger Sanction,” a 1975 spy thriller directed by Mr. Eastwood, enabling Mr. Eastwood to film while on the terrifying north face of the Eiger, in Switzerland, and perform his stunts himself.
In the books, a teacher named Ms. Frizzle takes her students on excursions that inevitably turn fantastical.
Knowledge of bees and beekeeping is worked so naturally into the story that it never becomes didactic.
I really wanted to be a Call of Duty: Warzone kind of person.
Refineries in China are buying more oil.
“We recognize this decision will affect many people, including our loyal patrons,” Ridley said in a statement.
How can we say that workers’ rank in a company should determine whether they have time to grieve the loss of a spouse or a child?
Todos los estudiantes y el personal fueron sometidos a pruebas; a menudo esperaron en fila durante horas.
Even as the pandemic continues its march across the country, with more than 68,000 dead, California is already giving a glimpse of one side of the debate that will emerge from the crisis similar to the aftermath of great disruptions like the Great Depression and world wars: How should America change?
“Of course it will have an effect” on their education, said their father, Liu Ji, 34.
The weather is fine, and trees are sporting multicolored leaves.
Mr. Biden said he would call up the military to help and enact a “multi-multi-billion dollar program” of disease containment and economic rescue, and said that there were more issues at hand that could not wait on reinventing the health care system.
Many of Mr. Gantz’s former supporters have accused him of betraying them by joining Mr. Netanyahu’s right-wing and religious coalition.
I’ve never been so happy to see one of my own pieces get “killed.” Since the end of January, when the World Health Organization declared the coronavirus outbreak a public health emergency (six weeks before the term pandemic was applied), scores of Times readers have come forward with questions like yours.
Hurricane activity in the Atlantic is greatly affected by two elements of the planet’s climate system — natural variations, over decades, in sea surface temperatures in the North Atlantic, and shorter-term temperature variations in the equatorial Pacific Ocean.
With the nation reeling that summer, President Lyndon B. Johnson created a task force to explore the roots of the unrest and possible remedies.
Los Angeles could have come into this game with the same record as the Seahawks (10-4).
So it fell on his family, who could neither visit him at his bedside nor gather in another room, to make decisions about withdrawing life support.
So Mr. Esposito and his family are relying on weekly food parcels from a community center.
But when the teachers started giving his mother extra work to do with him, things got harder.
Though fans aren’t allowed inside to watch games, Lowe believes they’ll find new ways to enjoy summer hockey.
The planet shines spectacularly in steady sunlight.
Dans une déclaration transmise par voie d’un avocat, M. Guo a indiqué qu’il n’avait fait qu’“encourager” les efforts déployés par la Dre Yan pour “s’opposer à la mafia du Parti communiste chinois et dévoiler au monde la vérité sur la Covid-19".
“The problem is that the Chinese elite see water as something for their use, not as a shared commodity,” said Brian Eyler, director of the Stimson Center’s Southeast Asia program and author of “Last Days of the Mighty Mekong.” As China’s geopolitical weight has grown, its leaders have cast the nation as a different kind of superpower, one that is concerned, as the Chinese phrasing goes, with “win-win” relationships with other nations.
Robin quit the Bee Gees to try a solo career, and he and Barry sniped at each other via interviews for over a year as Maurice played go-between.
Australia: Tens of thousands of people were forced to evacuate their homes on Thursday, as the authorities warned of massive blazes this weekend — possibly the worst yet in an already catastrophic fire season that has killed nine people in the past week alone.
He said those reports misrepresented the shoot.
Google, owned by Alphabet, said the lawsuit was “deeply flawed,” and told its employees to stay focused and quiet.
But for others, all of this focus on race is itself the problem.
(In response to criticism, the group denied that it planned to contact isolated tribes, and has said that it does not work with isolated peoples.)
The police later took the same man to a nearby ambulance, she said.
“It is voluntary, something that you give easily.
Synneve Carlino, a spokeswoman for Carnegie Hall, said the hall is projecting a deficit of approximately $8 million for the fiscal year ending June 30.
“Pizza and beer and the cookout, that’s part of the fabric of the pay-per-view event,” he said.
“I’m out in the sun, I’m a healthy young man,” he said.
Like center-left liberals and progressives, during the coming presidential election and beyond we aim to defeat right-wing populism.
By the time Dr. Li was brought into the police station, 41 people had the coronavirus.
Biden has called for police reforms, sharp cuts in carbon emissions, a major infrastructure program, universal preschool for 3- and 4-year-olds, a big expansion of Medicare and substantially higher taxes on the rich.
A woman answered, looking confused.
When the abuse began, Migdalia could not call for help.
You drive down the street and a cement truck could crash into you.
Amid our discussions of racism, sexism and even classism, we don’t spend much time thinking about the ways we can be biased when it comes to how people speak.
That voice is unmistakable and startling — ironic, moody, modern — full of caustic, strangely comforting honesty.
“My employer gave me two weeks paid sick leave, then told me I could take two weeks unpaid personal leave, then return to work, or be fired, or I could quit right then.
The Turkish Coast Guard reported intercepting more than 9,000 illegal migrants at sea in the first three months of this year — nearly three times as many as the same period last year.
After four grueling years, Donald Trump has been defeated.
Questions are growing about whether Mr. Ghosn left Nissan in good shape.
Dan Peres, for one, above in the lavender tie in 2006.
Drop tablespoon-size globs onto greased or parchment-lined baking sheets, and sprinkle with flaky sea salt.
No, the operation took place last month in Complexo da Maré, a complex of 16 favela communities in Rio de Janeiro where approximately 140,000 people live.
These political characters thrive in the limelight.
A clean crib waited for her baby.
From the fireball, the radio beacon and radar readings, the recovery team calculated the likely landing spot, and a helicopter was sent from Woomera to search for the capsule, although it was still dark.
Lana Turner picked him to play the war correspondent with whom she tumbles into bed in the forgettable 1958 melodrama “Another Time, Another Place.” He earned his chance as Bond when the producers Albert Broccoli and Harry Saltzman watched him walk.
Dubai plans to start on Wednesday.
With a defeated president trying for weeks to overturn an election he has falsely called fraudulent, our partisan breach will be hard to repair.
Where major fires are burning in the Western states and how unhealthy air quality has become.
(But would Mr. Bloomberg’s fortune bury him by the spring?)
Addressing the upstream root causes is the only answer.
Mr. Barr has explained his undoing of the Flynn case and other moves, like intervening to recommend a more lenient sentence for the president’s longtime friend Roger J.
“She was not a celebrity,” Ms. Myrick said.
Next door, Cherie Grubbs was looking for mementos of her son, who was murdered in 2011.
He couldn’t have owed me more than $100 — we weren’t kids anymore, making outrageous wagers on games of blackjack at the kitchen table neither of us could have paid off in three lifetimes — but I still didn’t have the heart to make him pay up.
But when the masses hear “Defund the Police,” “Occupy Wall Street” and “Medicare for All,” they recoil.
Halfway through the afternoon I knew I had struck out.
There’s also an unusable trampoline — the frame’s legs press right up into the middle of the membrane.
A knock against him, if there is one to make in his transcendent career, is that he has not won more championships, despite being in a position to do so in almost every year of the 2010s.
It remains to be seen what the change in title means for Mr. Scavino, who is one of the original aides in the president’s 2016 campaign and was general manager of the Trump National Golf Club Westchester in New York.
On the streets some wear masks but many do not.
And many other compounds that end up in water after fire can also create health risks.
Will the Atlanta Falcons owner, Arthur Blank, wear his team’s hideous new “ATL” jersey in public when the quarantine ends, as he did on Thursday?
Iowans choose their top candidates, first at the precinct level.
The next day, Mr. Raffensperger spurned Mr. Trump and certified Mr. Biden’s victory in Georgia.
Facebook has said the allegations have no merit.
“We cannot afford these weak links, and must strengthen the efforts in war-torn countries and communities to lift their life chances.” In the United States and Europe, governments and businesses have been able to pay many furloughed workers at least part of their salaries, and others are eligible for unemployment benefits.
And for the hesitant, their single greatest concern is their fellow audience members, who they worry will show up without masks or ignore social distancing rules.
Her horse is on the outer ring.
To read the unabridged transcripts from the interviews, click here.
Across the country, states have frantically scrambled to handle a flood of applications and apply a new set of federal rules even as more and more people line up for help.
One professor at the prestigious Tsinghua University reposted an article alleging that Muslims were behind the fire, which was untrue.
“Now that there has been an acknowledgment of their actions, there must be accountability and reparations for the victims and their families,” Brian Castner, the senior crisis adviser for arms and military operations at Amnesty International, said in a statement.
De ellos, el tres por ciento se consideraba malicioso y otro cinco por ciento era sospechoso.
On the local level in Wuhan, people have vented anger and frustration, which is percolating on social media despite censorship.
Still undecided was how the bill would address the expiration of a $600-a-week unemployment benefit supplement put in place by the stimulus law enacted in March.
Dr. Fauci, an avid runner who grew up playing basketball and baseball, is a fan of the Washington Nationals and the New York Yankees.
So are the T. rex’s teeth.
We can’t go the whole season without seeing our grandparents or in-laws or cousins.
Send any other feedback to marcstein-newsletter@nytimes.com.
Hello, I’m Dolly, she says repeatedly, through mutually reinforcing media platforms of musicals, films, TV shows, theme parks and books.
From what we do in mechanical ventilation.” “So what he is saying is that we just have to be gentle.
That’s the setup, anyway, and to say much more about the twists and turns that follow would be to ruin a few surprises, and perhaps also pre-empt some disappointment.
“This would put courts of the United States,” Mr. Kneedler said, “in the business of making sensitive judgments about the conduct of foreign governments, including perhaps some of our closest allies, and invite other countries to open their courts to claims based on situations in this country’s unfortunate past, where it has committed acts that everyone would now regard as violations of the law of nations.”
From 2000 to 2004, Ferrari won an additional five team championships and Michael Schumacher five drivers’ titles.
Asked about changing the names of military installations currently honoring Confederate generals — a proposal that has support from the Armed Forces and some Republicans in Congress — Trump replied: Excuse me, excuse me.
And sure enough, the mayor came out to talk to the protesters.
Chief LiPetri said a slowdown in court proceedings because of the virus has also stymied the efforts to curb violence.
2 overall pick in 2019 that they used to select wing Kaapo Kakko.
Mr. Landau dislikes meat-evoking names like mushroom “bacon” and tofu “ham,” but his shiitakes certainly crunch like crisp bacon, releasing rich flavors of fat and wood smoke.
The most anxiety-provoking question around town is, what happens if the virus spreads among farmworkers?
Holocaust survivors, Jewish organizations and an international array of historians have denounced the appointing of such a contentious figure to head Yad Vashem.
Mr. Edwards’s research shows that producing an S.U.V.
In September, Mr. Bezos unveiled the Climate Pledge, in which he said Amazon would meet the goals of the Paris climate agreement 10 years ahead of schedule and would be carbon-neutral by 2040.
Some of the world’s leading professional service firms — including the Boston Consulting Group, McKinsey & Company and PwC — facilitated her efforts to profit from her country’s wealth while lending their legitimacy.
For weeks, it (and we) said that ordinary citizens in the U.S. did not need to wear them unless they were sick and coughing or were caring for someone who was.
Chairs have been placed outside under an awning for pet owners while they wait.
“Pretty much everyone is saying it’s pretty unlikely that you’ll get an au pair,” said Erin Burkhart, a high-school teacher and two-time host mom in the Seattle area whose most recent au pair was set to join her family this summer from Germany.
Knowing that John Bolton as national security adviser referred to the Ukraine mess as a “drug deal,” why would senators not want to clarify what he meant?
“Zeitoper” — “opera of the times” — was a trend during Germany’s Weimar era.
The man’s father lives in New York and came to Colorado after the fire, he said.
El equilibrio entre estas incertidumbres se hará más claro cuando se realicen más estudios serológicos o análisis de sangre para detectar anticuerpos en un gran número de personas.
He is as entitled to an off day, a bad performance, as anyone else.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said there were nearly 5,000 meatpacking workers infected with the virus as of the end of last month.
And partisan politics aside, we should celebrate evidence that hard work can sometimes overcome voter suppression.
Stone-ground: Like “multigrain,” this label doesn’t tell you anything about whether the grains are whole or refined.
While the world’s big touring acts remain on hiatus or confined to sporadic online performances, Travis McCready, a country-rock singer, is set to take the stage on Friday for an intimate acoustic live performance at a venue in Fort Smith, Ark.
That decision will be made in the next few months — by public officials, philanthropists, Facebook (which is expected to announce another wave of local news funding soon) and other tech companies, and people like you.
Mr. Newsom has criticized these financial moves, saying they could impair the company’s ability to raise additional money for safety improvements.
Any team that takes on the LaMelo experience also will take on a relationship with LaVar Ball, the bombastic family patriarch with a craving for the spotlight.
Though I didn’t drop my G’s, people on campus were fluent in a language I still could not speak.
Is it frivolous to say that the 19th-century French paintings and drawings at the Clark offer as much or more today than the installations and videos at Mass MoCA?
I’m telling them now so they can understand the context.
A white nurse accompanying her replied: “I call this the monkey house.” Montross recoiled at the racist remark, which transformed a unit teeming with Black and brown men into beasts.
I lived for the Scholastic Book Fairs.
Both are intensely curious — Simpson is dying to check out a park for abandoned pet alligators that they keep driving by.
Making him feel like he was doing something.
“You experience transient withdrawal like you’re coming down from a high.” Young kids don’t have enough of an ability to regulate their emotions to consistently navigate that transition without freaking out.
“The district court’s modest injunction is a reasonable accommodation, given the short time before the election,” she wrote.
But together, they broke new ground and forged personal connections as the baton was passed from rider to rider on a journey that spanned six continents.
China’s exports rose last month at their fastest pace so far this year, the country’s General Administration of Customs announced on Friday.
Their main habitat is sea ice, where they hunt seals by waiting for them to surface at holes in the ice.
While we may be well-meaning in relating with our companion, it’s not necessarily in our best interest to take on the emotional weight of their problems.
“It’s harder to make the case this year than it was in 2016 that there is an existential threat to the courts,” said Rory Cooper, a Republican strategist.
The history of epidemics and health care crises similar to the one we are now experiencing points to the emergence of a range of adverse cultural responses.
But the timing, and the fact that neither he nor any member of his family attended the funeral over the weekend of Jacinto Suárez, an ally of Mr. Ortega’s from his days as a guerrilla, has led to widespread speculation that he is in quarantine.
Tens of millions of migrants who work in China’s factories are still stuck in quarantines or in their hometowns.
Aun así, tomar rutas más largas y más desafiantes requiere aprender una gran cantidad sobre la geografía de Ciudad de México —tiene una superficie 18 por ciento más grande que la de la ciudad de Nueva York— y qué vecindarios se deben evitar.
You have to have a driver’s license.
Mr. McCarthy and the other Republicans were joined in the suit by a handful of their constituents who contended that the arrangement undermined the very idea of the House, a body where a single representative speaks on behalf of the constituents who elect him or her.
That makes you do a bit of soul searching whether you did everything you could.” Dozens of local governments across Britain are turning to algorithms to guide their decision making, according to a 2018 investigation by the privacy group Big Brother Watch.
The Moscow city government on Friday warned of stiff fines for not wearing masks on public transport and in shops.
Son had been indicted by a federal grand jury in the District of Columbia for running the site​.
Offering reassuring words won’t do much good when our own anxiety is riding high.
Others wove elaborate conspiracy theories that NBCUniversal, an investor in Vox, was using Mr. Maza to drive viewers and advertisers away from YouTube and toward its own TV platform.
The State Patrol point to the conviction rate as confirmation of Net Nanny’s success: “Those numbers indicate a well-run operation that is legally and structurally sound and very effective in apprehending and prosecuting those intent on causing harm to children.” The online stings have had widespread and positive media coverage throughout the state.
Already a household name in Japan when he was arrested, Mr. Ghosn added to his notoriety by hiring private security contractors to lead a daring escape in late December from his home in Tokyo to Lebanon, where he is a citizen and safe from extradition.
In January, when Mr. Barr designated the shooting an act of terrorism, Apple refused a Justice Department request to help open the iPhones, prompting speculation that the government would seek another court order to force the company to comply.
those great landslides” were in rebellion against the “intellectual aristocracy and liberal elite who now set the course of their party.” Six days after the rally, Nixon hosted the leaders of the building trades at the White House.
In an ideal world, the Democrats would not have nominated a candidate whose history included guerrilla-nuzzling women and a possible sexual assault.
REX: THE ULTIMATE PREDATOR’ at the American Museum of Natural History (through Aug. 9).
Or at least let apps tell people where to buy outside the app: On the Kindle iPhone app, people can’t buy an e-book because Amazon doesn’t want to give Apple a cut of its sales.
“That’s when I realized it wasn’t a drill,” he said.
His public health background, he said, made some of the risks and challenges facing the university more clear to him.
Then they open in a few cities, building word of mouth through reviews and media coverage and eventually — if everything breaks just right — reaching a wider public and maybe winning some awards.
It is not clear how quickly businesses will bounce back.
He’s one of several pets who are now playing a starring role in local newscasts.
President Trump this month issued an executive order restricting Americans’ dealings with TikTok beginning in mid-September.
Amfilohije Radovic, the Serbian Orthodox metropolitan bishop of Montenegro and the Littoral, was given the diagnosis Tuesday after a routine health check, and was taken to Podgorica, the capital.
Une grande partie de sa carrière, le général Austin avait l’habitude que ce soient des hommes blancs qui dirigent l’armée.
With his spiky hair, Pepe’s appearance alone gives him a punk attitude.
The rule, introduced in 2015, requires cities and towns to identify patterns of discrimination, implement corrective plans and report results.
Está ubicado en Palermo Viejo, según el adjetivo agregado por Borges al nombre original del barrio y, junto al puesto de venta de diarios y el kiosco de golosinas, forman un “sistema” que domina la esquina de Scalabrini Ortiz y Paraguay.
Australia has called for an inquiry into the origin of the virus.
She told the cashier that she had taken her children out of school and rented a house in the Cotswolds, a lush swath of country to the northwest.
Gary W. Hart, the former Colorado senator who twice ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic presidential nomination, suggested the party was fortunate that the race had clarified itself — Mr. Biden took command in early March — before the pandemic upended the campaign.
He was like, hey, maybe one day, you might make them.
The question is how much of what we saw this summer was a reaction to his killing, versus how much of that will be a sustained effort to really think about the ways in which organizations recruit and attract and develop and promote and compensate Black professionals.
“This song,” the director Trip Cullman said, “is killing me.” In a windowless rehearsal room, on a sun-pecked January afternoon, Cullman and his cast were busy preparing “Unknown Soldier,” a musical that begins performances at Playwrights Horizons on Feb. 14.
But on Aug. 14, the empire transmitted its acceptance of the surrender to its embassies in Switzerland and Sweden.
What is to stop a future Republican majority from expanding — or shrinking — the courts in turn?
“You cut off the hand of Qassim Suleimani from his body, and we will cut off your feet from the region,” Mr. Rouhani said.
“Shopping for food is something that makes you feel in control,” said Blake Waltrip, chief executive of the a2 Milk Company’s United States operations, which has increased production in recent days.
The needs are increasingly urgent, and I want to see the impact in my lifetime,” Mr. Dorsey said in a series of tweets announcing his plans.
“The Forest Service’s environmental impact statement is junk science on assessing the impacts of releasing the carbon,” said Dominick DellaSala, a scientist with the Earth Island Institute, a nonprofit environmental organization.
With each decision — and with Mr. Turkus providing a steady stream of ideas and encouragement — Ms. Weiss grew more emboldened, searching for ways to amp up the apartment’s character by tapping into their network of artisans.
The chief financial officer of CPI Aerostructures, an aerospace manufacturer that got a $4.8 million loan, resigned in February after the company disclosed major problems with how it reported revenue.
However, when needed, immune cells already carry a memory of the virus and can churn out fresh antibodies.
The building boom made Brooklyn ascendant, with Queens not far behind, and some major residential mixed-use projects are now also underway in the South Bronx.
“Cane River” is the first — and, alas, the only — fictional feature directed by Horace B. Jenkins, who died shortly after completing it in 1982.
It is not a perspective shared by most voters: A national poll published Monday by The Times found that 51 percent of likely voters believed the worst of the pandemic was yet to come, compared with 37 percent who said the worst was over.
Incluso cuando intentó reclamar algo parecido a un mandato electoral ante el hecho de que había obtenido más votos populares que cualquier otro candidato de la historia, Biden adoptó un tono de reconciliación.
I’ve been incredibly lucky in each of the genre films I’ve done.
New York’s mayor, Bill de Blasio, has already said that the city’s public swimming pools will not open this summer, even as its playgrounds remain shut for the time being.
Both the men’s and women’s game will have significant issues to contend with as a result of Covid-19, but on the women’s side there is great concern for the future of the teams, leagues and competitions.” The Women’s Super League, for one, was preparing to announce an international broadcasting deal for next season in the coming weeks, a significant development in its attempts to increase revenue and, as one executive put it, help clubs to “stand on our own two feet.” As long as it remains unclear when this campaign will finish, and when the next one will begin, that has had to be put on ice.
The island brokers knew how to cater to these clients.
But I have made my way through the history of one modern American public school.
[LAUGHS] And he says that the company is about to reveal a sweeping climate change plan.
They had exchanged their jobs and apartments in the regional capital, Tomsk, for the liberty of a life in the wild, away from the rest of the world.
This article is part of our continuing Fast Forward series, which examines technological, economic, social and cultural shifts that happen as businesses evolve.
Sculptures, paintings and murals all provide an opportunity for learning about our country’s horrific past regarding racism.
But that’s a stopgap measure.
One of the things that the doctor said to me, which I thought was interesting — he said: “Well, I want you to be aware that there are false negatives.
And since supplements in general are not as strictly regulated as over-the-counter or prescription drugs, they may even contain ingredients or concentrations of the substance not listed on the bottle.
Racial diversity has been a bigger challenge for us, to be really frank.
And my friend, who’s a former China correspondent, said, are you sure you won’t be busy on the start of the National People’s Congress?
The latest circled date is Jan. 6, when Congress has its final say on the election.
Also up this week: a surreal take on the gig economy (Hilary Leichter’s “Temporary”), an exposé of the practices that brought Deutsche Bank low (David Enrich’s “Dark Towers”), an explorer’s anguished account of searching for his missing child (Roman Dial’s “The Adventurer’s Son”) and an immersive Japanese mystery novel (Riku Onda’s “The Aosawa Murders”).
Salesforce said it planned to incorporate Slack’s communication software into every aspect of its cloud software offerings.
Nov. 21 Herat Province: three civilians killed Three civilians were killed and three others were wounded when their vehicle hit a roadside bomb in Hotel Qorak village of Zinda Jan District.
Wanda Vázquez rolled back part of the economic opening on Thursday.
In any other year, we would be making pies together.
Shares of Apollo were down 2.65 percent on Thursday.
Dr. Fauci pushed back, however, saying that the virus’s effect on children was still not well understood.
She douses the meat in what looks like a pool of salt,” Washington writes.
First, our bureaucracy is decentralized.
Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes.com.
On top of economic and election worries, America is facing a pandemic with a growing number of victims; 9.3 million Americans have been infected.
The Trickle Up, launched on Monday, aims to keep things simple.
For some, the pandemic has created a need for deeper connections.
Muchos otros están llenos de imágenes de ranas.
“Teach them to take increasing responsibility for solving disputes on their own,” Dr. Lickona said.
At this point, the movie’s focus on pitch-black, blue-collar comedy is diffused by a hectic series of escalating attacks and reprisals; but Guy Godfree’s cinematography remains bright and breezy and the supporting actors — especially Judy Greer as Peg’s worn-out single mother — never miss a beat.
For this reason, according to Dr. van Dis, women between 40 and 44 have a 33 percent chance of miscarriage.
So that is one of the interesting questions is this time around it is sort of a natural disaster.
Mr. Wallace’s parents divorced when he was a year old, and he was raised by his mother and stepfather, Bill Leonard, a former president of CBS News.
A labor contractor or farmer would drive up as we’d gather for dinner of beef, green chile and potato caldillo washed down with tortillas.
“There are often programmatic problems when we go in to work on these older houses,” Ms. Fischer said.
I’ve been working on a book for about four years that tormented me.
Third, we have to make sure that our hospitals and health care system are ready for flare-ups of the disease that may occur when economic activity expands again.
But some service member's assignments required them to be outside the bunkers during the attack, and the injured were among those people.
I didn’t say, “Find a recipe your kids might, with some bribery, agree to eat,” or “Find a recipe that can be made in the six minutes you have when you get home before everyone collapses into a hangry meltdown.” This is purely aspirational.
Mr. McClain’s case is one of many deadly encounters between Black people and the police that are receiving new scrutiny after the death of George Floyd in May, who gasped for breath as a Minneapolis police officer kept his knee on his neck.
The voters’ handwriting had been legible, they had put their signatures in the right places, they had been careful to enclose their ballots in the secrecy envelope and they had returned them to the Board of Elections early enough that their names and signatures had already been checked against the state voter database and the poll books, the logs at polling places that keep track of who votes in person.
Richard Stanger, a 70-year-old business consultant, said he would not go back to Momentum Fitness until there was a reliable treatment for the virus.
It has been fighting competition in Europe from Uber Eats and Deliveroo, a London-based company whose investors include Amazon.
Around the same time, Maria Fernanda Escallón, an assistant professor of anthropology at the University of Oregon and mother to a 3-year-old daughter, was working from a walk-in closet and occasionally a backyard shed to steal quiet moments away from the demands of caregiving.
In return for their participation, he assured the executives that he could share information that would give them an advantage in seeking government contracts.
On the heels of Kent Monkman’s commission for the Met (in which he updated Euro-American painting traditions), the Brooklyn Museum pairs Kehinde Wiley’s “Napoleon Leading the Army over the Alps” (2005) with the 19th-century painting on which it is based, Jacques-Louis David’s “Bonaparte Crossing the Alps” (1800-01).
I will only be one name among many, no more no less, to future generations of Americans who look at the record of this trial.
Then when he was 16, he joined the Air Force and wound up going to Korea and so forth and he was always an FDR Democrat.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
Algunas son empresas emergentes respaldadas por Bill Gates, el fundador de Microsoft o Mark Zuckerberg, director de Facebook.
And yet, though we have done our part to flatten the curve, we continue to lag in reopening our economy and feel justified in our desire to move faster.
So the father of two, who lives near Zurich, took three weeks of vacation to support his wife’s recovery and take care of their other daughter.
Have artists at different points in their careers.
Even some of Mr. Trump’s most vociferous Republican critics said it was not an off-the-wall idea, although Mr. Trump had only a thin record to run on and a political career marked by racial invective and a proposed Muslim ban to run from.
At a steep, 20 degree grade, he wondered why it wasn’t rolling down the hill.
We’re giving them boxed meals.
“This last step would have been easy for them,” she said.
The sculpture’s two left panels contain four sections of encoded text.
In practice, this technique, which my colleagues at Serious Eats independently arrived at and cleverly coined “torch hei,” is tricky.
The list of questions they tried to answer started with the most basic: Would anyone even want to come back?
Law enforcement officials have said they are unsure whether there was any other connection.
A friend with chronic lymphoma who must avoid in-person contact with her five young grandchildren visits them through a glass door and observes their delight in retrieving the little treats she leaves for them on her porch.
And you know what Pete needs?
The Capitol Crawl, it came to be called.
Although clearly a serious threat to human health, it does not appear to be as deadly as the 1918 influenza pandemic.
Political factions are still negotiating whether to reserve seats for Indigenous delegates.
But students should consider that “it’s exactly what could change the game for you and your family,” she said.
“Despite a Revamped Focus on Real-Life Skills, ‘Home Ec’ Classes Fade Away.” NPR, 14 June 2018.
Even if one did, there would not be enough support to sustain the objection.
Translated by Linda Coverdale (semiotext(e)).
So the environment is one factor that drives the underlying conditions that black Americans are disproportionately more likely to face.
In addition, the House relief package includes a provision that would temporarily increase the federal government’s share of spending on Medicaid.
One attempt at sabotage suffered a setback on Monday when a federal judge rejected an effort by Texas Republicans to toss more than 127,000 ballots from drive-through polling stations in Harris County, which includes Houston.
“Pelosi believes that impeachment is going to work for her politically, and we believed that impeachment was not,” Mr. Feehery said.
“I didn’t really know what to do.
Ms. Anderson’s lawyer, Deborah Colson, did not respond to requests for comment.
Prime Minister Viktor Orban carried out his promise on Monday to close the borders to all foreign citizens — leaving travelers stranded and fuming.
Another cell study, which has not yet been published by a scientific journal, involved two employees of Phoenix Biotechnology, a San-Antonio based company that Mr. Lindell has a stake in.
“As a competitor, you always want to be there,” Green said, “but when people ask me if I miss basketball right now, I tell them in a heartbeat, ‘No, I don’t.’ We’ve done it at the highest level that you can possibly do it for five straight years.
Still, those honors did not make his legacy universally sparkle, as he might have hoped after his polarizing decision to leave Oklahoma City for the Bay Area in the summer of 2016.
At that point, they said, the risks of health complications for mom (like high blood pressure) and for baby (like brain injury or breathing problems) could rise.
After years of shielding Pakistan at the F.A.T.F., China and another close ally, Saudi Arabia, uncharacteristically stood aside as the monitoring group deliberated in 2018, leading to Pakistan’s placement on the gray list.
I said, ‘I feel quite the opposite, but of course it takes two.
The narrator of the title story, a Montana transplant from Back East, contends that Somerset Maugham, Buster Keaton and the Replacements are “the things that matter.” A Missoula yokel is on hand to puncture that claim as out of touch — a fair gripe, and Martin wants us to know he knows it.
Considering the moment we’re in, do you think people are finally ready to face the past?
Claire Messud, reviewing it, calls the book an “engaging work of cultural biography” and notes that “Doherty, who teaches writing at Harvard, provides lively glimpses of the individual trajectories and projects of these artists, both in the years leading up to and after their time at Radcliffe.” LITTLE EYES, by Samanta Schweblin.
• Teachers, discover more ways to teach with our Picture Prompts and learn how to use our free daily writing prompts for remote learning.
Any type of pasta will do.
Of those, as many as 21 million people could require hospitalization.
In Armstrong County, the plan is to open mail ballots and flatten them out in a workroom behind Ms. Kuznik’s office.
“You are surrounded by nature,” Mr. de Francisci said.
Or, most mysterious of all: “348263947” — either a stranger’s passport number or the combination to a bank vault.
One fire alone, the August Complex, had burned more than 877,000 acres as of Sunday.
Lawmakers in Iraq voted on Sunday to require the government to end the presence of American troops in the country after Mr. Trump ordered the killing on Iraqi soil.
But the building does not have to offer you a 24-hour attendant, as most don’t have doormen.
The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives joined the investigation, which the police chief said was initiated as standard protocol in a case that could be criminal if it was an act of negligence.
Le Dr Sahin, qui a 55 ans, est né à Iskenderun, en Turquie.
Couldn’t have been timed any better.
A person, Enlightenment liberalism holds, is essentially rational and disembodied.
Workers on break from a Spanish tobacco factory, Carmen among them, are joined in a square by idle soldiers and townspeople.
Andrew M. Cuomo of New York has relied on several models in making his decisions, and while each is slightly different, they all convinced him that the wisest course of action was to plan for the worst while hoping for the best.
I put my hand on her hand.
Though most people on the calls are former government officials, a view from the front lines of medicine comes from a member of the Biden family: Howard Krein, the former vice president’s son-in-law, who is a doctor in Philadelphia.
But in daily practice, as they try to help patients, none of whom are the same, doctors sometimes move slightly beyond what has been proven, particularly when established practices prove ineffective or when it’s unclear what really ails a patient.
Mr. Hifter, now 76, had recurring health problems.
Three others — “You and Me Against the World,” “Leave Me Alone (Ruby Red Dress)” and “Ain’t No Way to Treat a Lady” — made the Top 10.
The person doing them now designed a lot of the merchandise that was on the Pee-wee’s Big Adventure 35th Anniversary tour I was recently on before Covid shut it down.
That notion is manifesting in a series of recent reversals, rethinks and U-turns, reacting to economic unease, public health concerns and the uproar over racial injustice and inequality.
It’s a horrifying and pivotal plot interruption that comes from left field to capsize the story.
Some business owners are worried that a one-two punch of the virus and a powerful storm could push their establishments over the edge.
A conceptual artist walked into a bodega during a pandemic carrying a box full of pennies.
The family accelerated their efforts and filed a lawsuit against Brookdale on Wednesday.
Lisa S. Blatt, a lawyer for Booking.com, argued that the Lanham Act, a 1946 law that codified trademark protections, repudiated the 1888 decision.
In an attempt to slow the spread of the virus, authorities nationwide have released thousands of inmates, primarily from state and local facilities, where the vast majority of all incarcerated people reside.
It is a call to action.
But they had each developed elaborate personas that helped them navigate celebrity and a hostile white world.
Or at least, not yet.
As the virus began to spread from Wuhan to other regions of the country, however, the trip was called off — the orphanage had entered into a complete lockdown, allowing no one in or out.
Written by the chaplain of the Zulu club, Jefferson Reese Sr., it read, “Zulu Brother Cornell ‘Dickey’ Charles is very ill and in need of prayer.
But Mr. Xi’s speech foreshadowed what was to come — rewriting the history of the crisis even as it was happening.
In that scenario, each state’s House delegation is given one vote, with 26 votes required to win.
Going gluten-free can also be stressful for kids and parents — who both need to be mindful of what they eat at school, friends’ houses, birthday parties, restaurants, day care and even grandma and grandpa’s house.
Monday was the stock market’s worst day in over two years, with the S&P 500 falling 3.4 percent.
It’s carrying kindness down her street.
They weren’t going to confront the possibility of my romances — which they considered a distraction from school and work — unless they thought I was on the verge of getting engaged.
In her solo exhibition “High Water Mark,” running through May 10 at the Mennello Museum of American Art here, Ms. Lehr tells a nuanced story of global warming with video, paintings and sculpture.
There was no call by a line judge, because there were no line judges on the court.
He singled out New York and California for particular contempt, spinning nightmarish tales of violent crimes he attributed to those states’ liberal immigration laws.
Attendance has gone up a little each week, but it’s nothing like it should be.
Leigh and I had many conversations about wanting to show that a woman who experiences abuse isn’t weak, isn’t stupid.
The supermarket at the U.S. Army base in Chioggia, Italy, looks as if it could be anywhere in the world.
Experts have traced Europe’s current wave of infection to the relative normalcy it experienced this summer.
Bars have become creative in trying to keep their impromptu street trade safe.
One of the players Fiers “ratted” out was Carlos Beltran, who at the time of Mendoza’s comments was still the Mets manager.
New Yorkers may see downed trees, damage to homes and scattered power outages.
Se formó en Francia y produjo obras abstractas que, a diferencia de las de Rivera y su cohorte, no enfatizaban la Revolución mexicana o la difícil situación que vivían las masas.
Depending on Washington’s response, the removal of the special status could lead the United States to treat Hong Kong the same way it treats any other Chinese city.
So I started a little campaign around these billboards, and one person who responded was Bill.
But 14 percent said that too little consideration was being given to public health in order to benefit the economy.
I have a council of business leaders and medical leaders who are helping us determine how do we start to re-engage our economy in a way that avoids a second wave.
We know much less about Wilson — and what we know suggests his career was rickety, his personal life unedifying, his writing awful and his plan insane.
Video of the hit-and-run shows the officer thrown into the air.
If Beltran had remained the manager, those pitchers, and all of the other Mets, would have faced a barrage of questions about his past.
But the whole thing was odd.
“I have said many times that, despite all the statements, there are military solutions to this conflict.” Officials in Armenia and Nagorno-Karabakh denied that the town had been captured and said that fierce fighting continued.
One day, when it was my turn to order, the vendor handed me his fork and asked me to take over because he had run out of tomatoes.
— Oscar Espejel, Glenbard West High School, Glen Ellyn IL I am not a vegetarian or vegan, however I do observe a number of meat free and egg free (lacto-vegetarian) days for religious reasons.
“We think this is a fantastic statement in our busiest station of what the future can hold,” said Stephen Gardner, the president of Amtrak, which owns Penn Station.
From 1978 to 1980, he was the first administrator of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration.
“Not knowing who others have been socializing with is the riskiest component of getting together with people outside of your household.” Kids are the hardest to keep distanced, so if your gathering includes them, perhaps get together in a park, and plan activities like baseball and kickball where social distance can be better maintained.
“If this is the sunset time for oil and gas, someone forgot to tell consumers,” said Raoul LeBlanc, a vice president at IHS Markit, a research and consulting firm.
Now the fledgling Russo Richardson Productions, formed specifically to make online theater, is bringing back Kevin Murphy and Laurence O’Keefe’s show — which has become a viral hit since it played Off Broadway in 2014 — for a short virtual run.
“I could see the vice president was in a bubble.” The administration’s attempts to deal with the P.P.E.
The era of big government is here.
“We shouldn’t let this new threat combine with other threats we already have,” she said.
What if Greta Thunberg persuades President Sanders that we need to ration jet travel?
She went to 293, so did all of her siblings, friends, nearly everyone else at this barbecue.
Saudi Arabia retaliated by promising to pour more oil on the market, taking prices to roughly $20 a barrel for a time, less than half the level at the beginning of the year.
As a gift to the couple, the Warriors organization, which did not charge the couple for use of the space, gave each a team jersey with their first name on the back.
Spokespeople for both Mr. Meadows and Mr. Mnuchin said neither man discussed AstraZeneca.
I’ll fly as long as the finances can hold it,” he said.
You can find all our puzzles here.• For a limited time, our Games team has made Spelling Bee free and offered more daily free plays for Tiles.
And Wilder, who entered the bout with the World Boxing Council title and a 95.3 percent knockout rate, connected on just 18 power punches, compared with Fury’s 58.
He has been charged with criminal possession of a weapon.
As a result, humanitarian work has become confused with security operations — leading to the perception there that relief agencies are simply an arm of the occupying forces.” “Simply put,” he added, “the military ought to provide security for humanitarian organizations and help them get their aid where it needs to go — and then take a back seat.” Gilburt Damien Loescher was born on March 7, 1945, in San Francisco to Burt and Helene (Aachen) Loescher.
And that’s been consistent for a couple of months now.
Igual que había hecho con la heladería, Rodríguez esperó durante semanas afuera de la cárcel a la hora de visita hasta que Betancourt por fin apareció.
Australia Asks for Investigation After Police Attack 2 Journalists in U.S.: The prime minister wants answers after officers in riot gear dealt roughly with the two Channel 7 journalists, who were covering a protest outside the White House.
Not without establishing a national strategy for testing, Democrats say.
It was the first interception of Moore’s professional career.
He has released multiple albums per year throughout a four-decade solo career — including, this year, “Mixing Colours,” a collaboration with his brother Roger Eno.
They are living outdoors.” Syrian doctors believe the virus has already swept into the camps, with deaths and illness that bear the hallmarks of the outbreak.
(Instacart, for the record, has denied that the protests affected its operations.)
“It’s real,” John Mozeliak, the Cardinals’ president of baseball operations, told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
The protests flared after the arrest of the territory’s popular governor this month, which critics viewed as an effort by Moscow to target a political rival.
“The hardest thing for me is I was rolling, I was in a groove,” he said.
But Halsey was not Nimitz’s Patton: Patton needed constant monitoring, but made few mistakes; Halsey was more pliable, but made mistakes galore.
Though S.T.I.s can be scary, there are many ways to prevent them — and most of them can be treated without risk to the mother or fetus.
And when it comes to total immersion, there is nothing like Beethoven.” 10.
“We need to be clear.
Marshals Service and the Washington County Sheriff’s Office took Mr. Manfredonia into custody without incident near a Pilot truck stop, the Hagerstown Police Department said.
Before the pandemic, according to the American Society of Travel Advisors, most travelers booked trips six months or more in advance, on average, and longer for elaborate honeymoons or very special events like the solar eclipse passing over South America in December.
Retailers have also not lost faith.
More than 57,000 people have died from the virus in Britain, the highest number in Europe, and the country is now facing a second wave of infections.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
“The pandemic teaches us that it is not good if protective equipment is sourced exclusively from distant countries,” Ms. Merkel told Parliament.
Even in the San Francisco-based Ninth Circuit, a reliably liberal appeals court, Mr. Trump has significantly narrowed the gap between judges appointed by Democratic and Republican presidents.
Mr. al-Qahtani became an adviser to the royal court with the rank of minister, and since Saudi Arabia lacked domestic hacking talent, he got a massive budget to shop for the best technologies available on the open market.
The players’ parents had arranged for cardboard cutouts of themselves to appear in the otherwise empty stands.
Our shul may be empty, but it is not a crime scene.
Mr. Trump has also abused his power by pardoning friends and associates who have been convicted of serious crimes.
“But I’m scared that I might spread it to my grandparents and my parents, and they might have a tougher time of it.” He is not looking forward to online classes because of his previous experience with virtual physics and calculus courses.
I’m a married man anyway, so you might as well forget your little scheme!” Docia fell back stunned.
“I believe in the principle of openness to a range of opinions, even those we may disagree with, and this piece was published in that spirit,” he wrote.
This should go without saying, but they also love lots of fresh herbs and thinly sliced onions, scallions or chives.
“Vera’s experience of small children was limited,” we are drolly informed, so she hastily deposits the child at the nearest house.
Follow us on Instagram @NYTParenting.
Conservationists contend that commercial breeding of protected wildlife would undermine efforts to protect endangered species.
We need safety in America,” Mr. Biden said.
Like an addled version of Borges’s Pierre Menard writing “Don Quixote,” Fante pounds out a story “about two men and two women living in the Czech Republic in the 1960s,” only to be told by an agent that he’s unwittingly created a “very poor Cliffs Notes version” of “The Unbearable Lightness of Being.” Watching Fante fail upward — from his decision to self-publish 20,000 copies of his moronic “Six Poems” to his harebrained attempt to ghostwrite a Disney actress’s bio (“Chapter One: The U.F.O.”) — can be delicious fun.
Of course, there is an allure to conspiracy theories; they provide their followers with a sense of control, certainty and the belief that they are holders of “privileged knowledge.” At the same time, studies show that a belief in conspiracy theories correlates to “impoverished interpersonal functioning,” meaning paranoia, narcissism, disagreeableness, insecure attachments and Machiavellianism.
While it was obviously a more reasonable suggestion, I felt he was missing the point.
But he soon discovered the State Department’s discriminatory policy.
I mean on the news.
Yet there is one kind of candidate that Americans remain hostile to.
people, I’ve gotten used to threatening letters and being accosted in public.
Van D. Hipp Jr., a former deputy assistant secretary of the Army and Republican Party official, registered this month as a lobbyist for one company involved in diagnostic testing and another that provides treatments for viral infections.
On Feb. 17, 1970, military police officers at Fort Bragg, N.C. were summoned to a grisly scene at the MacDonald residence at 544 Castle Drive.
Once home, she began checking up on him.
So we feel responsible for about 100 people’s well-being.
He even had his young daughter take a day off school to attend the rally with him because, he said, he “felt that it would be a good learning experience, so she could learn about some history and politics firsthand.” “Is he crass?
It is the Hudson’s oldest surviving lighthouse.
We knew it from the beginning.
They all carried the story of the well-known French Jewish intellectual, Alain Finkielkraut, who had been assaulted on a sidewalk during a protest last February.
His parents were local dance champions, and his maternal grandparents led a square-dance band.
Running time: 1 hour 51 minutes.
She would miss a copyright showdown between Google and Oracle, for which oral arguments are next month.
“It’s interesting to look at the curve, how fast we went up and now how relatively slow the decline has been,” Mr. Cuomo said.
This element of surprise is the force that can advance artistic mediums in new directions, with the machines functioning not only as tools for artists, but also as their partners.
Luck and timing played a part, as they always do.
It also underplays the severity of the epidemic for millions of Mexicans, making it hard for them to determine how bad the situation is — and how seriously to take it.
And hitting the tailgate parties during football games on Saturdays with campaign literature, handshakes and smiles?
In terms of the dangers of Orientalism, though, what I think must be especially guarded against is making any claim that whatever anyone may conclude about any particular ancient Chinese text can give any special insight into the politics, culture, or behavior of modern Chinese persons, communities or polities.
But in a country reputed to have more television sets than refrigerators, he sealed his fame when many of his works were adapted for film and TV.
The minister of state assets, Jacek Sasin, said at a news conference on Monday that 12 of 20 Silesian coal mines will close for three weeks.
To have a president who says he is totally in charge, when that claim is obviously delusional, makes it harder to concentrate accountability over those decisions where it belongs, in the states.
The 41st police battalion, known as the “battalion of death,” has been one of the most violent in Rio de Janeiro since its inception in 2010 to bolster security in an area with roughly half a million people.
The country has conducted over 300,000 tests, for a per-capita rate more than 40 times that of the United States.
Ear piercing, bra fittings and alterations will be temporarily suspended.
Ms. Saunders has filled three notebooks with poems about the pandemic since a stay-at-home order was issued for the Bay Area in mid-March.
En cambio, su cocina, atendida en gran parte por inmigrantes de Birmania, está produciendo cientos de paquetes, envueltos en hojas de plátano, de arroz y vegetales condimentados con jengibre y cúrcuma para mejorar la inmunidad.
Once in a while, when I find myself stuck on a clue that Dad would have gotten, a wave of grief swells inside me.
When she made it past one year, I thought we were home free.
Outside, the storm stripped ginkgos bare, burying the sidewalks under damp gold leaves.
But she acknowledged that Democrats who are adamant about defunding or abolishing police departments can move the needle toward necessary changes, pointing to nationwide efforts to trim police budgets that, not long ago, seemed unlikely.
The Chilean team occasionally asked everyone in the area to silence their phones so that their equipment could get a clear reading, and Flash the dog became a local celebrity, commemorated by a local artist and celebrated in montages on TV.
For now, Paire is the only player known to have tested positive for the coronavirus in the controlled environment set up for the Western & Southern Open and the U.S. Open.
School feeding programs have often been shut down along with schools.
But to the rest of the world he was best known for “Alley Cat,” a simple, almost lackadaisical piano tune with a light, old-time feel.
Twenty-seven years later, as Justice Ginsburg’s death roils the country and injects new uncertainty into an already bitter presidential race, one element is all-but certain: The country will soon have a fifth woman appointed to the Supreme Court.
There were like 10 of us there and Elizabeth Warren.
Beating unarmed women publicly risked embarrassing the law enforcement apparatus and opening up officers not only to public condemnation but perhaps even punishment by their superiors.
Un asalto a mano armada.
Overall, there are now more than 31,500 confirmed cases worldwide.
Both of us have been pinned down for hours today, but this is a posture that we’ve been perfecting for years.
Trump’s recent slide has been serious enough to make his advisers nervous that he could lose some states that he won relatively easily in 2016, like Ohio and Iowa, The Times’s Alexander Burns and Maggie Haberman report.
But she was finding Stone’s methods sometimes disconcerting.
But when he arrived, after a three-day sail through rough waters, local officers told him he had to leave.
Mr. Klain has gone in and out of government over the past several decades, at times practicing as a lawyer and later working with Steve Case, the founder of AOL, in a venture capital investment firm called Revolution.
The federal government can help by conveying the urgency of the need — and calling on health care workers to volunteer for such training — and then by creating the necessary virtual modules and webinars.
(It became a best seller in Spain, where it was published to acclaim in 2018.)
But the government said Saturday that 14 civilians were killed in Ganja, Azerbaijan’s second-largest city, in an overnight missile attack by Armenia.
Uncertainty about the future of the Affordable Care Act dragged down shares in companies like Centene, HCA Services and Universal Health Services yesterday.
WASHINGTON — The Army is expanding its investigation into the killing of a female soldier to include the entire chain of command at Fort Hood, after both male and female soldiers described a culture of sexual harassment and bullying they said had been ignored by the leadership of the large installation in Texas, Defense Department officials said on Tuesday.
Q: Are you surprised by the Lakers’ success?
Nilesh Gandhi’s oil tanker docked in coronavirus-ravaged China early last month, he understood that he would not be able to disembark and fly home as planned.
There’s poverty in these communities.
Instead, they just check whether the new vaccine triggers a person’s immune system to make enough of a certain kind of antibody against the flu.
“The message has been that if you’re younger and generally healthy, you’re going to be fine, and I think that’s the wrong message,” said Mila Clarke Buckley, 30, who writes about living with Type 2 diabetes on her blog, Hangry Woman, and creates sponsored content for FreeStyle Libre, a continuous glucose monitoring system.
Once the Stanton Street location opens, they will close the East Village location and use the bar in front of the Lower East Side restaurant as a takeout counter.
People really believe that the government wants to get this epidemic under control.
— @conqueredkozmos from Twitter STEIN: I’ve been writing for some time now, and tweeted again last week, that the list of viable championship contenders isn’t nearly as long as it was widely billed to be back in September.
Pero en una pandemia —especialmente en una en la que el presidente de Estados Unidos afirma sin justificación que la vacuna estará lista para el día de las elecciones y que los anticuerpos monoclonales son una “cura” milagrosa para la COVID-19— esas pausas llaman la atención como nunca antes.
“People who own here are very wealthy, so this is a second, a third, a fourth home.
In Colorado, four major fires have burned nearly 200,000 acres, and poor air quality in Denver has led health officials to advise people to stay indoors and limit driving to reduce air pollution.
The global death toll from the coronavirus has surpassed 900,000, according to a New York Times database, with at least 27.9 million known cases around the world.
“My main objection to the agreement is we don’t know what it is,” the American cardinal Raymond Burke, the de facto leader of critics of Pope Francis inside the church, said in a brief interview before greeting Mr. Pompeo at an event organized by the U.S. Embassy to the Vatican last month.
The parishes are what people in Louisiana call their counties.
In China, where the virus originated and where draconian measures were imposed to combat it, the economy will expand at a sluggish 1.2 percent this year, down from 6.1 percent last year.
A big breakthrough was when the Fed expanded a $100 billion lending program known as TALF to accept most kinds of corporate debt, including many junk bonds, as collateral.
On March 16, they emailed guests with their decision to change their wedding plans in the wake of the coronavirus outbreak.
One early study projected that China could have reduced the total number of cases by 66 percent had officials acted a week earlier.
The French Open was moved from its usual dates in May and June because of high rates of coronavirus infection in France.
In addition to an a la carte menu for pickup, delivery and outdoor dining, the restaurant offers subscription plans: $30 a month for an assortment of Spanish tinned seafood with accompaniment, $60 per month for Spanish wine and cheeses with accompaniments, and $80 for a combination.
He currently has a fever, congestion and a cough, people close to him said.
While you watch, you might take notes using our Film Club Double-Entry Journal (PDF) to help you remember specific moments.
I have been substituting my daily swimming exercises with really long walks.
“The way in which it’s being handled, and it’s not about court packing, there’s a number of other things that our constitutional scholars have debated and I’ve looked to see what recommendations that commission might make,” he said.
The author gamely broaches the matter of race, pointing out that the N.R.A.
Puerto Rico has seen damaging quakes before, but major earthquakes in the southwestern part of the island are unusual in recent history.
How you met will be of little consequence then.” Continue following our fashion and lifestyle coverage on Facebook (Styles and Modern Love), Twitter (Styles, Fashion and Weddings) and Instagram.
College graduates could work with incarcerated men and women in exchange for student debt relief.
Here are some tips for a good deep-cleaning.
The International Festival was first held in 1947, with the aim of uniting people through culture in the aftermath of World War II.
And so all of these are pieces to starting to turn the dial up and what it looks like in waves.
After the summer, Elena departed Naples for university and Lila eventually returned to her husband.
Or does he accumulate stats at the expense of wins and his teammates?
Some predicted a destabilizing succession crisis, but most were expecting the president to find a way to keep power despite constitutional term limits, as he did in 2008.
After serving in the Army domestically and in South Korea from 1959 to 1962, Mr. Anderson earned a bachelor’s degree from the University of Illinois in Chicago and graduated from the Foreign Service Institute’s School of Arab Language and Middle East Area Studies in Beirut.
Mr. Raniere was charged along with five women in his inner circle, including Ms. Bronfman and Ms. Mack.
Besides Marriott, they were industrial companies like Cintas, Ingersoll-Rand and Linde; an aerospace company, Raytheon Technologies; a medical technology company, Stryker; and a bank, PNC Financial Services.
“The Medical Officials have protocols that must be followed,” Mr. Hanks wrote in an announcement he posted on Twitter, choosing capital letters for his new acquaintances.
There are two main paths you can take: The first option is to buy a pair of wireless earphones, which connect to your phone via a Bluetooth connection.
And Mr. Gelb said the At-Home Gala it streamed in April, with live performances filmed on smartphones from the homes of opera stars around the world, was watched by 750,000 people and raised $1.5 million in small donations and another $1.5 million from large sponsors.
But now it’s even harder to stay there, and to maybe make the next step.” Sustaining that success, said Stefan Schaidnagel, sporting director for the German federation, is a matter of consistently having positive results.
“We have no other path forward to ensure the future of our diocese than reorganization bankruptcy,” he said at a news conference, adding that “this plan will allow us to continue the church’s work in our diocese while equitably compensating our creditors.” Directly addressing survivors, Mr. Gainer said: “I continue to offer my heartfelt apologies for the abuse you suffered.
KATMANDÚ, Nepal — Un grupo de adolescentes nepalíes en el internado Bagmati estaban sentados con las piernas cruzadas, las palmas de las manos hacia arriba, los ojos cerrados y se hundían en el suelo con cada respiración.
The fact that so many candidates can simultaneously raise so much money is a testament to the rising power of small, online donors in presidential politics.
Still, since the beginning of the outbreak, Mr. Trump and high-ranking administration officials have sought to pinpoint blame for the spread of the virus on China, and Beijing has responded in kind.
On March 11, when Dr. Fauci was still permitted to testify before the Democratic-controlled House, he made headlines by bluntly telling the nation, “Things will get worse.” They did.
It said the organization in Beijing that oversees the institutes, the Hanban, which is under the Education Ministry, has ties to the Communist Party’s Central Committee.
“This case is particularly odd,” she said.
Mr. Trump, who has 87 million followers on Twitter, has called for a repeal of legal protections Twitter and other social media companies rely on.
Making the inquiry a reality may require more proof of independence and the kind of sustained, careful effort that Australia has yet to master.
This is someone who is not stable.
But at the end of September, cases started to pop up among staff members at Mount Carmel, Emily Birdsley, the administrator there, said, though she did not know the origin.
Met can it be all about yourself.
The ambulance leaves the scene, possibly because a crowd is forming.
“Palliative has kept me sane.” Forty-seven-year-old Tiffany Wicke, like Aaron, had symptoms of cancer while incarcerated, but she said that the prison brushed off her complaints multiple times.
“You’re going to see states inevitably follow, because one or two states does it, you know, the other states are kind of going to be at a disadvantage.” On Tuesday night, Gov.
The Boston campus of the University of Massachusetts plans to shift classes completely online, as do several of Harvard’s graduate programs.
Is it notably cleaner than a comparably fast gasoline-fueled car like the BMW M5, which is powered by a fuel-hungry 617-horsepower twin-turbo V8?
With an encyclopedic collection and a large building that is far from Manhattan’s Museum Mile, the organization has long struggled financially.
Sydney’s skyline is renowned for being one of the most beautiful in the world, but it was far from its best today.
takes such matters seriously, and upon learning concerns had been raised, the department immediately initiated an investigation led by our Office of the General Counsel,” said Caitlin B. Oakley, a deputy assistant secretary and a national spokeswoman for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs.
Whether he believes that rosy statement, another postseason looms.
But in an indication of how difficult a buy-American approach may be, that New Jersey company, as it turns out, gets its raw materials from China.
Uno de los clientes tiene coronavirus.
That size was not always seen as an advantage.
When we moved to our new house two years ago, we lost a few things to the God of Getting Things From One Place to Another.
The protests that have rolled nightly across the country since Sunday are unique.
She did file a police report a few weeks ago with the D.C. police.
Pfizer’s offices in Asia were affected by the coronavirus months ago, and Mr. Bourla said the novelty of remote working quickly wore thin for workers there.
That group made up nearly 40 percent of the hospitalizations as of earlier this month, compared with 26 percent in late April, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
“It’s weird to say that our masked wedding felt normal, but just to have everyone together and celebrating during a time that feels very dark and gloomy….” “It was a big thing,” Mr. Hargraves said.
In the meantime, I keep my distance — I don’t want to be a candidate for such a moment.
“Everything in this world, I find, I’m related to,” she once said.
And you did hear her campaign manager, Roger Lau, go out and say that every second that the Iowa results are not known, it undermines the process.
Justin Bieber is one of the, if not the, top artists out there.
“With immunomodulators, we’re in a land of riches,” Michael Mansour, an infectious-disease doctor and an assistant professor at Harvard, told Dr. Khullar.
President Trump and Joseph R. Biden Jr. interpreted leading by example very differently on Monday.
In an interview, he said he had some misgivings about the jury’s recommendation of the death sentence but decided not to put up a concerted fight against what appeared to be the consensus.
A major answer to the question of when — and how — Americans can return to public places like work and school could depend on something called an antibody test, a blood test that determines whether someone has ever been infected with the coronavirus.
We all make fun of our parents for using spices that expired in the 1980s, but, other than losing potency, there’s nothing criminal in using them (unless you consider flavorless chicken paprikash a crime).
The rich might buy generators for electricity, pay for water tanks and rely on expensive hospitals, but the poor will continue to be devastated.
You need more cooperation and clear information.”
A bond was forged in coffee shops and on stoops all over central Brooklyn.
The Australia Letter is a weekly newsletter from our Australia bureau.
As Alex Ward writes for Vox, that means “that while the experiences of other nations can be illustrative, they’re not entirely instructive.” Still, the board argues, a good rule of thumb is to give schools more money and more space to ensure proper social distancing.
Credits for out-of-pocket costs also are included but only on silver plans and only if you’re eligible.
The law firm he hired estimated that his house needed $92,000 in repairs; MAPFRE gave him an $8,000 check his lawyers told him not to cash.
By the 2000s, Ischgl’s night life had earned it the nickname of “the Ibiza of the Alps.” Huge parking lots had been built for a stream of buses from across Europe.
Ginny Swart, of Cape Town, simply wonders whether the nearly $14 billion spent on the election could have been put to better use … The mind boggles.
I can sit in that assembly and feel good about the gauzy display of integration without ever being asked to think about the fact that much of the time, white kids in the school building are having a different educational experience than kids of color.
The microschool has begun changing the design of the greater school system.
Mr. Grechushkin paid for their passage to Odessa, in Ukraine.
La demanda en su oficina sugería que el recuento oficial de las muertes de la COVID-19 —ahora poco más de 4300— era muy bajo, dijo Flores.
“Maintaining” them, he said, is not as much of a strength for him.
Former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. demanded that Mr. Trump give a “sober-minded explanation” of the strike, its consequences and the intelligence that prompted it.
Tonight’s lineup includes Vice President Mike Pence, the senators Marsha Blackburn and Joni Ernst, and Mr. Trump himself (again).
Chinese consumers are more reluctant to spend after job losses and pay cuts, despite factories reopening.
Ms. Algee, a vice president at the regional chapter of the Service Employees International Union, said the pattern began decades earlier.
Other Moscow directors, too, had staged performances with nudity, politically hued plots and veiled or open criticism of life in Russia under Mr. Putin — leaving the precise reasons for the crackdown on Mr. Serebrennikov vague.
Most of the suspected cases around the country have not in the end been identified as involving the coronavirus.
Policymakers have moved faster, and appropriated far more money to combat the economic fallout from the pandemic, than American leaders did during the 2008 financial crisis, said Tony Fratto, who served in the George W. Bush administration during that crisis.
“Yo diría que tiene un 7/10 de calificación”, dijo.
10 in its second week out.
“It seems to me right now that the vice president certainly understands the need for police reform, but I think his vision is a little different from some of the progressive activists on the ground,” Mr. Walker said.
“Most of the games in which Nazis appear are about World War II and you play them as a soldier, or a commander,” Mr. Friedrich, 43, said during an interview at the office of Paintbucket Games, the studio he and Mr. Schulz, 41, founded to make the game.
President Trump first introduced the plan as “a basis for direct negotiations” between Israel and the Palestinians.
I knew Bowen Yang because he was already a writer on the show, and I’m close with his friend Sudi Green, who’s a writer on “Shrill” and “S.N.L.” Bowen and Matt Rogers ask their guests what piece of culture they discovered when they were a child that let them know that culture was for them.
It was more than I could count.” The early years of his singing career were spent on the radio; he later became well known as a stage performer.
Fisher’s grandfather died in early March, just before California’s statewide stay-at-home order took effect.
But most, if not all, of the places Mr. Ramsland listed appeared to be townships and counties in Minnesota, not Michigan.
We do think she had symptoms.
Al final, Trump reconoció algo, dijo Lisa Burg, residente desde hace mucho tiempo en la cercana Orange City.
The police took to Twitter to urge restraint.
At Novant Health in Winston-Salem, N.C., the new ultracold freezers are ready — enough to eventually house more than 500,000 doses of the first coronavirus vaccine approved in the United States.
And with everything mashed together into a single social media feed, it gets tougher to distinguish good information from bad information, and fact from opinion.
THE RIGHT STUFF, by Tom Wolfe, read by Dennis Quaid.
How can I create consequences and/or incentives to help me do this?
“Like most general credit facilities, those facilities are syndicated and may be assigned out without the knowledge or consent of the borrower.” Mr. Baiera did not respond to a request for comment.
BROGA I go kiss my son on the forehead and ask if he’s hungry.
He’s got so much strength.
“To them it’s easy because they’re in the city,” said Edith Cruz, who works at La Belle and cares for her disabled husband in a trailer that was once the Saravia family’s home.
One unintended result is that, in a book illuminating the life-changing power of scouting, none of the girls in Troop 6000 wind up being nearly as memorable for a reader as Giselle Burgess and several other adults.
“It’s letting go of imparting wisdom to the figure.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
Despite a national debate over race and law enforcement, state officials made little effort to bring attention to Mr. Prude’s death.
It was the first time the party had not crafted a new agenda since 1856.
If anything, it is cooler than everyday life, with celebrities like the actor and singer Selena Gomez and the N.B.A.
Almost daily he visited Kinko’s to photocopy money, body parts, sunglasses and practically anything else he could slide under the machine’s lid.
as a person capable of being entirely present to others.
Facebook executives have long derided what they consider Apple management’s highhanded and sanctimonious tone.
Instead, Mr. Trump has been focused on his efforts to overturn the election results and consumed by his anger at Senator Mitch McConnell, the majority leader, who this week finally congratulated Mr. Biden on his victory and said that “the Electoral College has spoken.” And he remains frustrated that the vaccine was not available before Election Day, people who have spoken to him said.
A Buttigieg victory in which the other candidates clump together in a tie for second would essentially leave the current top four intact headed into New Hampshire, which would then have its own chance to play the winnower.
But I did find stylists who treated my hair with such ease and nonchalance that I found it astounding.
But that still leaves plenty.
Should we reconsider our current policy of taxing income from labor at a higher rate than capital gains?
And just as Mr. Mansfield would tiptoe across the aisle to exploit the rift between centrist Republicans and conservative insurgents like Barry Goldwater, Mr. Bullock has capitalized on a civil war among Montana conservatives in a way that might be instructive to the country at large — though the methodology works only if the rest of you can scrape up a few lucid Republicans.
But talks are fluid, people with knowledge of the discussions have said, and no deal may be reached.
accused Facebook of “downplaying” the value of its intellectual property to pay less in taxes.
Instead of bringing in a production truck, they used the house’s internet connection, which made for a spotty stream.
Engel’s, to put it mildly, does not.
Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California and Steven Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary, spoke about the prospects of a stand-alone bill for airline relief, as President Trump suggested he was reconsidering his retreat from negotiations on a broader package.
Almost four years ago, that woman was diagnosed with an incurable, Stage 4 cancer of the bile ducts, known as cholangiocarcinoma.
The already advantaged build rich communities and multiply one another’s advantages even more.
Read: Larry Kramer's new novel, “The American People, Volume 2: The Brutality of Fact,” picks up where the first installment left off.
Here, do you like these?” She held up a small card holding something blue.
It was — [LAUGHS] but — Did your feelings about integration change?
More than half of renters pay 30 percent or more of their income on rent, according to the 2019 American Housing Survey, and more than half of lowest-income renter households reported some loss of employment income between mid-March and mid-September.
Por lo tanto, desde hace décadas, este trabajo ha estado a cargo de proveedores de limpieza subcontratados que abordan el avión, sacan la basura, asean el desorden más evidente y desaparecen, según las declaraciones de personal de aviación y representantes sindicales.
community for whom we have been a strong advocate, we will continue to be a strong advocate.”
But now the State Department is cutting archivists completely out of the process: Instead, it will start using machine learning algorithms to separate the “historic” from the “temporary.” Going forward, it is not even planning to turn these records over to the National Archives — a clear violation of the Federal Records Act.
Delincuentes y narcotraficantes han tomado ventaja de los conflictos persistentes para vandalizar y saquear.
I got the senior shot, the four times as powerful one that you can’t get unless you’re 65.
They have credited the country’s large youth population and the existence of vaccination programs for diseases like tuberculosis and leprosy.
He didn’t cite any specific errors.
While holding his political posts and running an advertising and public relations business in Columbia, he taught political science for five decades at the University of South Carolina and also at the Citadel, South Carolina’s military college.
Based on a New York Times/Siena College poll of 605 likely voters in South Carolina from Oct. 9 to Oct. 14.
This essay is an introduction to a series of monthly interviews to be conducted by the author with 12 religious scholars and practitioners on how individual religious traditions understand and respond to the inevitability of death.
You can also find it at nytoday.com.
That would be an acute embarrassment for Mr. Johnson, damaging him particularly with the hard-line Brexit wing of his Conservative Party.
“They didn’t have to be rocket scientists but they had to be able to connect with other people — to talk in a way that indicated to us they were very approachable and reasonable human beings who could be sensitive and persuasive,” said Frederick Stuart Kingma, a 92-year-old retired P.H.A.
“We found Laurie Beechman with the soaring, searing voice and we had it made,” Mr. Tanner wrote.
Mr. Trump spent aggressively as well.
“There were so many overt things that happened to me in my own schooling,” Hartsough said, recalling statements like “Go back to Africa” and “Did you stick your finger in a light socket?” The racism she experienced “wasn’t really called out then,” she said.
I also wrapped up cans of seltzer and individual bags of fancy potato chips.
They need to acknowledge the often conflicted relationship between aesthetics and ethics.
I was taking a bath, and I came out, and she had a note saying that, Mom, I know you and Dad are working really hard, and things are really tough.
[The etymology behind “emoji” is not emo, it’s Japanese — a compound of “e “picture” + moji “character.” Sorry for muddying the waters there.
His background is hardly spotless, but because he was already a minority owner, with an 8 percent share, the vetting process is likely to be a formality.
Coleus, above, are best overwintered as cuttings taken before frost.
SOPHIA I would say: Be conscious of other people’s situations, especially if you’re a big family and other people are having classes too.
The militancy born of immediate self-protection and self-interest can grow into calls for deeper, broader transformation.
José Augusto Rosa, a congressional leader who heads a conservative pro-gun faction colloquially called the “bullet caucus,” called Mr. Moro’s departure a self-inflicted wound for a president struggling to manage the response to the pandemic and the resulting economic contraction, which economists predict will be about five percent this year.
It’s absolutely OK (and a wonderful gesture!)
Barricades have been in place ever since to protect pedestrians from falling debris.
He was the first African-American to lead the archdiocese, which had been without a leader for nearly six months.
She frequently took her granddaughter to the hospital during asthma attacks, sometimes two or three times a week.
Reminders of the losses were everywhere as the university’s sports center was readied for a public memorial service on Sunday.
Mr. Stone has maintained his innocence.
La mayoría de los sujetos de estudio dijeron que se sintieron mejor tras llorar.
He thought that this could be another SARS-like outbreak.
Airport temperature checks will not catch these people.
Weather permitting Mr. Woolf has been out there for two-hour or 2½-hour intervals several times per week.
The result was a lost month, when the world’s richest country — armed with some of the most highly trained scientists and infectious disease specialists — squandered its best chance of containing the virus’s spread.
They assumed it acted like its genetic cousin, SARS.
Germany had “reached its lowest point.” And yet that is not how the fans displaying the flags saw it.
Size: 2,384 square feet Price per square foot: $151 Indoors: The main-floor entrance opens to a mudroom with a pellet stove.
Ms. Richey was able to receive a test for the illness, and a doctor instructed her to isolate herself.
I am a letter carrier in Philadelphia, at 63 I’m well into my 30th and hopefully final year with the U.S.P.S.
With sales around a million, Tesla would join the ranks of the world’s established automakers.
While they are illegal to buy, sell or ignite in New York, fireworks are an entrenched tradition of the city’s streets, especially in working-class neighborhoods.
And Dusty Baker, a former player and now the manager of the Houston Astros, has endured many health complications: prostate cancer, hypertension, Type 2 diabetes, an irregular heartbeat and a ministroke.
Hetherington and his colleagues are in the early stages of research that suggests Trump’s most salient contribution to the party is in many ways apolitical.
On Politics is your guide to the political news cycle, delivering clarity from the chaos.
The police said that the pair left the bundles of £20 notes in places where people in need, including the elderly or vulnerable, would be likely to find them.
“A lot of our clients have old watches that they’ve loved, but fashions change or they’ve got bored of their watch,” he said, describing requests as ranging from “iced out” watches set with gems to adding a simple black dial and initials.
If researchers tested samples from live animals, then they may be concealing potentially important clues about the origins of the virus.
I grew up in New York and have lived nowhere else since I was 7.
He was taken to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
Districts with large Black and Latino populations filed the most reports, the paper found.
European nations have watched with alarm as President Trump has set about undermining American democracy while attacking the very foundations — the European Union and NATO — that allowed war-torn Europe to become whole, democratic and free.
Follow NYT Food on Twitter and NYT Cooking on Instagram, Facebook, YouTube and Pinterest.
Aquí, en México, he escrito durante la última década de enfrentamientos que evocan una verdadera guerra.
“There’s a lack of transparency,” Ms. Pope said.
It’s a lot to manage, McGraw said.
ActBlue, the central platform for donations to Democratic candidates and causes, announced that from July 1 to Sept. 30, it had processed $1.5 billion in contributions — an amount roughly equal to what the site raised during the entire 2018 election cycle, and one far exceeding the $623.5 million that the equivalent Republican platform, WinRed, took in during the quarter.
As he drove off, the man hit a parked police car and a column in front of the hotel, the police said.
No hosts or musical guests were immediately announced for these shows.
This was a sick kid during a pandemic.
“Ha llegado el momento en que usemos todos los medios posibles para lograr el cambio”, dijo.
The man who recorded the shooting death of Ahmaud Arbery, the black man killed in an encounter with two white men in Georgia, was charged with murder in the case.
Mr. Lin, who is scheduled to be sentenced on March 30, faces up to five years in prison.
The American Institute of Architects said Friday that it had approved new ethics rules prohibiting members from knowingly designing spaces intended for execution or torture, including for prolonged periods of solitary confinement.
Over the years, his writing has anatomized commitment and relationships with a sharp eye for foibles — especially male ones.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
Tom Lochtefeld, who stood at the water’s edge — a hundred miles from the ocean.
We may lose our window to intervene early, when cancer is still at an early stage, and eliminate it.
Once my husband and I relocated to Cairo, where he and I originally met and where we were both working.
It was written by civil rights lawyers Laura W. Murphy and Megan Cacace, who also flagged worries about the impact on the 2020 election.
In 1962, Vera List became the chair of the Jewish Museum’s newly constituted board of governors, which declared its allegiance to “the work of younger or otherwise unacknowledged” artists.
And yet, looking back, Frederick Trump’s death was a signature of that pandemic, which not only hit both the young and the old, but also many people like him, seemingly in their prime, healthy middle years.
Officials in Barcelona said that four lions at the Barcelona Zoo had tested positive for the coronavirus.
Confirmed coronavirus patients showing mild symptoms are put into large quarantine spaces, while suspected cases are isolated in converted hotels and schools.
they don’t have a place in that future.
“We just realized the situation is very serious — more serious than we thought.” Reporting was contributed by Tiffany May, Steven Lee Myers, Vivian Wang, Chris Buckley, Raymond Zhong, Carlos Tejada, Rick Gladstone, Mike Baker, Jeffrey E. Singer and Elian Peltier.
The superintendent explained that, as religious people, they should pray, because things were about to get much worse, she recalled.
She said the agreement avoided what could have been a muddy situation, with the couple half in and half out of the royal family.
Lisa, I will not be the D.N.C.
The power of this step can’t be overstated.
New York demanded data from the companies, and spoke extensively to drivers to find out what their wages and expenses were, said Meera Joshi, who was commissioner of the New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission when it made the rule changes.
But first, Rademacher had to persuade Patterson to face him.
A few waves catch him, flipping him around like he’s not 200 pounds and built like an anchor, which he is.
Theodore Roosevelt, it became obvious that Acting Secretary Modly had forfeited his ability to lead the Navy,” Representative Adam Smith, Democrat of Washington and the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, said in a statement.
All, however, is not back to normal.
I carried that practice into adulthood and professional life, including 15 years as a Conservative rabbi.
It’s a license to fill the cosmic gap any way he pleases, and all my neurotic passenger-seat braking won’t do a thing.
• “Washington’s failure to enact additional Covid relief will be felt on Main Streets and at kitchen tables across the United States,” said a representative for the Chamber of Commerce.
There is blame all around for this calamity.
Mr. Chauvin, a 19-year veteran of the Minneapolis police force, participated in the hearing through a video feed from jail.
had at least one pre-existing condition.
He’s never had any political power at any level and look at the job he’s doing.” “He might be one of the two greatest presidents in my lifetime,” Mr. Thibodeau said, citing Ronald Reagan as the other.
Djokovic and Thiem are likely to pose big threats, but even if Nadal succeeds, that does not mean Djokovic won’t soon catch him and Federer.
For many elderly people, it seems that late-onset agoraphobia has been aggravated by the coronavirus, which makes the social world an even less hospitable place requiring hypervigilance about face-to-face interactions.
“We just want to give the traditional brick-and-mortar, mom-and-pop restaurants a fighting chance.” Grubhub, which controls two-thirds of the New York City market, has argued that its app brings in new customers and allows restaurants to benefit from the millions of dollars it spends in advertising.
The authorities in Spain on Monday called for a period of nationwide “hibernation” until April 9 to help avert the collapse of hospitals overwhelmed by the coronavirus outbreak.
Rather than viewing it as a serious blueprint for peace, analysts called it a political document by a president in the middle of an impeachment trial working in tandem with Mr. Netanyahu, a prime minister under criminal indictment who is about to face his third election in a year.
Trying to get back to the puzzle page?
If the quality is still erratic, now you can skip around and choose.
“When you’re in charge of everything and when things go wrong, you’re responsible,” she said.
For years, the Federalist Society’s leadership has been at the center of conservative efforts to reshape the judiciary, led by the group’s co-chairman and former executive vice president, Leonard Leo, who after the 2016 election took a “leave of absence” from the group to assist the White House in its efforts to find and confirm federal judges.
The restaurant’s food consists mostly of bar fare, like charcuterie plates, pizza bianca with various toppings, and dips like a take on cacio e pepe with flatbread.
Once that was accomplished, Mr. Williams turned to the silencer sales ban, even though in internal discussions Pentagon officials had warned against lifting it.
Mr. Rolfe’s record also includes an incident in August 2015 involving the discharge of a firearm, but there is no record of any disciplinary action taken in that case.
“Bloomberg was someone who had a long history with Trump, who could speak as a fellow billionaire and fellow New Yorker to what and who the real Donald Trump was,” said Jim Margolis, a former aide to Ms. Clinton who helped organize the convention.
No Brasil, os limites legais são testados constantemente, para ver quais leis serão cumpridas e quais serão ignoradas.
Mr. Watkins was also charged with failing to notify the state motor vehicle agency of a change of address, a misdemeanor.
Su trabajo consistía en recoger los cuerpos de los prisioneros que se arrojaban contra la cerca eléctrica que rodeaba el campo.
La guerra interna en Facebook.
Instead of money, you could also donate blood, if you are able to do so.
Algunos gobiernos —particularmente el de China— desean que se perciba así.
And what about in Louisiana, where this case originated?
“Let’s not draw those lines ourselves.” Bella Huang contributed reporting.
The governor’s office insisted that she had not had close contact with Ms. Duhamel, even though they were photographed standing only a few feet apart.
“And the state has decided what the state has decided, but there’s a justice beyond this.” *** Judge Barrett is well aware of the justice beyond our earthly simulacrum.
A subject that can be as fraught as politics and religion has arrived just in time for Thanksgiving debates: The College Football Playoff selection committee said Tuesday night that Alabama, Notre Dame, Clemson and Ohio State are the country’s best teams.
Or, for higher-risk families, make sure they understand and are comfortable with the additional risk that the pod would create.
Vittorio Sgarbi, the foundation president, said in a statement: “I appreciate the civic sense of this citizen, and I take note of his words of embarrassment for what happened.” On the day of the incident, Mr. Sgarbi had posted a plea to police on Facebook asking for assurance that the tourist would not go “unpunished.” An Italian court was weighing whether to press charges, CNN reported on Wednesday.
Wales remains fiercely loyal, of course, but to that great, borderless constituency of Premier League fans, Bale will be returning from Spain with his tail between his legs.
Seek outside help from the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or a lawyer if you can’t resolve the situation on your own.
The movie, which debuts on Friday on FX, also makes clear that anti-abortion leaders understood this.
While the league has moved closer to the European style in its branding and marketing — this year’s two new clubs are named Inter Miami and Nashville S.C. — M.L.S.
In an interview last year with the British magazine My Weekly pegged to the recent publication of the 34th Hamish Macbeth book, “Death of an Honest Man,” Ms. Chesney was asked about retirement.
The city had already moved shelter residents, including some women, in May into three other Upper West Side hotels — the Park West, the Belleclaire and the Belnord — and the neighborhood is now home to about 730 homeless people transferred during the outbreak.
Finally, at midnight on Aug. 11, the sledges and tractors arrived in a blaze of searchlights and a rumble of engines.
And deal makers expect the SPAC craze, to date largely an American phenomenon, to go global.
As part of its efforts to spin the agreement, the Trump administration claimed that it will halt annexation plans that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel had announced for parts of the West Bank.
“The data we have is not sufficient to say if they are controlling the pandemic,” he said.
De hecho, agregó, el jefe de inteligencia de Bélgica y el jefe de la estación de la CIA en Kigali lo habían felicitado personalmente por el arresto.
I can see why people are talking a lot about Elizabeth Warren and Whitmer, who has become way more popular since the president expressed his antipathy.
But funnily enough, my neighbors struggled to detect any difference between this pancake and the previous one.
His view was shared by many conservatives, who have applied a hard-nosed, culture-war mentality to the virus, the most serious public health crisis in a century.
Officials accused Ms. Desouky of running a Facebook page that criticized Mr. el-Sisi and sent her to a women’s prison outside Cairo.
718-817-8700, nybg.org Father-Daughter West African Dance at the Joan Weill Center for Dance (Feb. 15, 5-6:30 p.m.).
A particularly well-funded version of the same idea has been running in Atlanta since Friday.
I think the best science now is people without symptoms are contributing to the spread of this pandemic.
And local officials continue extorting businesses.
A relic of a bygone era, it is among the last king-size Gold Coast estates on Long Island’s North Shore.
There’s not even one look per song; more like dozens.
Mr. Waller, the research director at the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, was also nominated by Mr. Trump to the seven-seat Fed board.
As a government employee the doctor had been barred from talking to the media, and requested anonymity to express concerns.
But we need to get to the point where we’re all basically dancing to the same music.
There is a covenant between fans and the sports they follow.
Más de 125.000 judíos fueron asesinados en pogromos en Ucrania entre los años de 1918 y 1922.
They are angry at the idea of subsidizing southerners who, they believe, work less hard and retire much earlier.
Maher kicks off the 18th season of his late-night talk show by welcoming House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on the show amid impeachment proceedings against President Trump.
On the third day he rode home in a funk.
staffers frequently go on to lucrative jobs at the very companies they were tasked with policing — has hurt the agency’s credibility.
“While certain people such as older adults are more likely to have more contributing factors, if the person doesn’t contract Covid-19, then those factors don’t start the cascade of events that lead to death,” the department said in a statement.
His music has been making me so happy in these chaotic, dark times.
By Monday morning, American air travelers who had been to China in the past 14 days were being routed through one of 11 airports to undergo enhanced health screenings, with the possibility that they could be quarantined.
Pushing for a yes vote are Common Sense Media and the N.A.A.C.P.’s California unit, while those who oppose it include the American Civil Liberties Union and Public Citizen.
Do we really want two 70-plus-year-old candidates sharing the stage with each other and a nearby slew of broadcast personnel?
After Japan’s economic crash in the early 1990s, such companies were long seen as a contributor to the country’s economic stagnation.
Republicans rarely have to engage because of the homogeneous nature of their belief system.
Mr. Biden has emphasized broad principles that most Democrats agree on, like working with allies and investing at home to make American businesses more competitive, and he has declined to provide specifics on other policies that might divide his supporters.
Evidence suggests that patients feel more prepared and satisfied getting prenatal care in a group.
Sign up here to get it delivered to your inbox.
He returned Wednesday from a trip abroad for falconry — a popular pastime among Persian Gulf royals — and he was arrested on Friday, according to the person close to the family.
“We should be able — we have to be able to manage that.” Monika Pronczuk contributed reporting from Brussels.
In a statement in response to questions about tensions in the office and whether he would stay, Mr. Shea said he had prepared “my whole life” for the post and called it “the ultimate job in federal law enforcement.” He added, “You can impact people’s lives in a very meaningful way by protecting them from violent crime, hate and terrorism.” When Mr. Shea took over on Feb. 3, he knew he had inherited a series of political land mines.
Kathleen Williams, the Democrat running for U.S. House, faces a similar challenge among undecided voters.
The shutdown has also made it nearly impossible for theater workers to find jobs.
“They feel a kindred spirit.” When they’re at his concerts, they’re in a safe space.
“I have not eulogized Moi or condoled him,” Mr. Ahmed said, adding the atrocities committed by security agents against his family and relatives remained “traumatizing and emotional.” Others did eulogize him.
“Within a matter of six days, the patients taking hydroxychloroquine tested negative for coronavirus, for Covid-19,” Rigano said.
Some are all gung ho, some say there’s nothing they can do right now.” With so much up in the air, Ms. Griffin and other influencers have struggled with what to tell their audiences.
However you illuminate your outdoor room, adding light is crucial to extending the hours you can use the space, Mr. Williams said.
As she sipped green juice, we spoke about climate change, a shared interest in Buddhism and more.
[Like the Science Times page on Facebook.
Drawing depends on the opposite — bypassing the brain and really seeing what’s in front of you.
(Jason Farago)212-535-7710, metmuseum.org ‘ARTS OF CHINA’ and ‘ARTS OF JAPAN’ at the Brooklyn Museum (ongoing).
Most states are pushing school districts to return to normal attendance and grading policies this fall, now that they have had some time to improve their distance learning programs.
During other conversations with editors he respected, including David Remnick of The New Yorker and Jeffrey Goldberg of the Atlantic, Mr. Obama was more ruminative, according to people familiar with the interactions.
At the same time, there was a strong sense of presence in his work.
The winery’s excellent higher-end rieslings come from several limestone sites in Rheinhessen.
In an interview with Asian News International, a local outlet, Devender Arya, a deputy police commissioner, said the authorities had entered the campus as soon as they received word from the university.