The ranchers are particularly upset at the 180-day prohibition on exports, which is aimed at increasing the domestic beef supply.
Gladwell's 2002 New Yorker takedown of McKinsey & Company, the consulting firm then much in the news for its involvement with Enron, ended with a zinger: "They were there looking for people who had the talent to think outside the box.
Benefit for Guatemala City's "Safe Passage."
"I said no, we're not even getting close to that stage," he recalled.
Ms. Grubman added that there would also be wine storage, an "upscale gym," only available to tenants, and over all, a very high level of service.
As its measured crescendos peaked, the band sometimes roughed up the pure harmonies with guitar distortion or, on Thursday night, extra instruments.
Yard House USA , a 13-unit bar and restaurant chain, is looking for private equity capital as it seeks to expand into a 100-unit chain with locations worldwide.
Math – Search the web for K-12th grade produced podcasts.
Either way, they now are capable of making their own coffee, whether they choose to or not.
He was, paradoxically, at once one of America’s most successful presidents and one of its most conspicuous failures.
It may resonate with teenagers in some way, but I don't think it's tapping into some deep cultural rebellion at all.
IAG Research, a company that measures engagement, has slowly been bringing the television industry around to its measurement approach.
Underlining the Republicans' difficulties in wooing union members, Howard Dean, the Democratic chairman, received far more applause than any Republican speaker.
By this time of the year, shops get really crowded with people buying new clothes for Eid.
The hotel might have been having a slow night when we arrived for the à la carte dinner.
Among the best is the InterCity (Bayerstrasse 10; 49-89-444-440; www.intercityhotel.de ), with rooms starting around 90 euros a night.
Great, filling breakfasts mostly under $8.
Dinner entrees, $16 to $40.
Ten plays later, Young and Texas capped their comeback from a 38-26 deficit, a rally aided by a Trojans face-mask penalty that gave the Longhorns just enough for a first down on third-and-12.
Others criticized the city’s decision to demand only a $1,000 donation from the family for new, “less allergenic’’ plantings to replace what might be $143,000 in city property.
He took a job with a mortgage lender and met with his parole officer, officials said.
They are hugely popular in Latin America as well as among viewers of United States networks that cater to Hispanic viewers like Telemundo and Univision, which run telenovelas previously seen in countries like Colombia and Mexico.
"We rank 47 in job creation," he said.
In particular, business groups are resisting a requirement to disclose pay for highly compensated nonexecutive employees.
In 2003, in Grutter v. Bollinger, he joined a 5-to-4 majority rejecting a challenge to the University of Michigan Law School's use of racial criteria in admissions.
It had a complexity all its own, showing off sweetness when it first hit the tongue, then tartness, and then, during its lingering finish, some of both.
I don't get to the cabin much any more because it just wasn't built for a family.
He began his career at E.T.
NYC Board of Education teacher.
His group recently published a study of the best places to live during a gasoline crisis.
If the rule is too broad and general, legitimate e-mail messages — dreaded "false positives" in the parlance of spam assassins — will begin showing up on the radar.
The teas come from Simpson & Vail in Brookfield.
Israel's Declaration of Independence promised Arab citizens -- 20 percent of the population today -- equal rights, and recent Supreme Court rulings have given those rights further grounding.
Two years later, Mr. Rennert created a holding company over WCI, Renco Steel Holdings, which did much the same thing, issuing $120 million worth of notes that would come due in 2005.
Julia Roberts , whom they found for a breakout role in “Mystic Pizza,” and all the previously unknown teenage heartthrobs of “The Outsiders” ( Tom Cruise , Matt Dillon , Rob Lowe ) must be exceedingly grateful for their eye.
The heart device division, based in Minneapolis, was also the prize sought by Johnson & Johnson; in 2004, the division accounted for about half of Guidant's $3.8 billion in sales.
But generosity of the pocketbook can lead to generosity of the creative spirit as well.
revealed that it had documentary evidence of a shadowy operation, the Green Salt Project.
Like many of the native Hawaiians in the novel, Ella veers between ancient traditions and the austere brand of Protestantism the Robinsons have transplanted to the island.
St. Philip's Academy, a kindergarten-through-eighth grade private school known for producing graduates whom prep school recruiters fight over, is nearing completion of a $21 million new school project in a former five-story factory structure in the University Heights neighborhood.
Scott McClellan told the White House press corps that Katharine Armstrong, a lobbyist with government ties who owns the Texas ranch (and whose mother, Anne, was on the Halliburton board that hired Mr. Cheney as C.E.O.
"You can see the company in which these guys are," Cristina Gallach, spokeswoman for the European Union's foreign policy chief, Javier Solana, said in a telephone interview.
He loves the popular Islamic traditions of North Africa and Turkey, the rich cultural and religious heritage of Arab civilization, but is repelled by the puritanical strains of political Islam that are displacing them.
He was earlier the president of Home Box Office.
There were also the lovely shadings of scale and graceful hesitations joining one section to another.
At this very special time of the year, we remember the joy of our years together; how very much you remain a part of our lives, andour love that never fades.
"A mother's age is associated with many variables that can affect the child-rearing environment," Dr. Wichman said.
Brown has lavished praise on Richardson, who, unlike Francis and Marbury, is a natural shooting guard.
Jacob Kessler was already well fixed enough to have a horse and wagon for his vegetable selling.
Hours: Thursdays through Sundays, 12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Upstream Gallery, 26B Main Street.
Even worse: that report, he contends, was essentially created by SAC.
He also said Mr. Curran never gave him the specifics that he needed to act against Mr. Lucas, whom he called "one of our best political party trainers."
April 22 at 8 p.m. Tickets: $25 to $60.
After his statement to reporters, Mr. Reid met privately with representatives of a coalition of liberal groups opposing Judge Alito, a group that included People for the American Way, the Alliance for Justice, and labor, abortion rights and environmental groups.
Again, the cars lined up in the pit lane before the session started, in order to get on track as quickly as possible.
He retired as the chairman and chief executive of the I.B.M.
The very existence of qualified regional arts supervisors represents progress.
To the Editor: In "The Stuff That Happened" (editorial, March 19), you say "there is no time to imagine what the world might be like if George Bush had chosen to see things as they were instead of how he wanted them to be three years ago."
Mr. Falk, of course, appeared often in films that Cassavetes directed, and it's impossible to sort out just who contributed what over that long, often improvisational shoot.
Although he matured in an era of triumphalist painting, his specialty was detail-obsessed collage.
More telling, after Mr. James announced his withdrawal from the race in a letter full of now-familiar attacks on his younger rival, Mr. Booker responded with praise.
They're great guys, they mean well, they just sometimes don't have the equipment."
As lead investigator of the Dutch study, Dr. Prins was not ready to go quite that far.
What linked it all was the underlying sense of Mr. Moulton, long known to the dance world as Charlie, as a down-to-earth, even sunny man -- partly the effect of his cornflake blond looks -- with an abiding sense of humor.
The New Directors/New Films festival concludes its 35th edition with two French and four American films, several fresh from the Sundance Film Festival.
When visitors step off the elevator on the 41st story nowadays, they still cross a gallery tiled with the four dragons of the Fairfax family crest.
Proposition 187, a 1994 ballot proposal that would have denied social services and public education to illegal aliens, was approved by 59 percent of the voters, but was ultimately overturned in the courts.
Still, many market watchers say they think that investors are likely to increase their foreign stock allocations.
Traders using the site determine the relative value of an item by choosing to swap or not.
There are other theories, of course, ranging from a candy factory in Manhattan to at least a few half-serious worries in this age of terrorism that the smell represented something dangerous.
Doing it on your own can give you the ultimate big grin."
They then create proposals for exhibits of various artifacts.
Besides rejuvenating efforts to contain the Iranian nuclear threat, it could provide essential support for stabilization in Iraq, as the inclusion of Iran and Saudi Arabia would bring together the two states that could be most useful in brokering compromises between Shiite and Sunni communities there.
To make matters worse, advocates and local officials say, many evacuees either do not know why they have been found ineligible or have been given spurious reasons.
Dr. Robert Freedman, the editor of The American Journal of Psychiatry, said he believed the study "had real public health implications."
Island Capital Group in New York is transforming an existing port, Long Bay Harbor in St. Thomas, into a megayacht marina called Yacht Haven Grande with 48 slips averaging 120 feet in length.
"Clients would call in an individual who has a reputation for the highest level of integrity," he said in an interview in his office.
By Sept. 13, two weeks before the end of the third quarter, Enron still needed to fill an $826 million gap to meet its promised earnings target, Mr. Fastow said.
The program’s most reflective number is “You Are There,” the Johnny Mandel-David Frishberg memorial to a loved one whose ghost turns up at odd moments.
“This is not a market that underreacts.”
In recent years, however, those relations have become markedly more bellicose.
IN the jagged Jizera Mountains of the northern Czech Republic , the village of Stary Harcov seems an unlikely place for an epicurean pilgrimage.
But when he drove the lane to try to win the game in the final seconds, he ran into something he will likely see again in the playoffs: four defenders smothering him.
Contributions may be made to the Hospice of your choice.
He did not back down from his comments before Monday's game.
In the movies these days, Topher Grace does it best.
Starting her family in Neponsit, Rosalind lived in Scarsdale for many years, happily returning to Manhattan when her nest emptied.
May He who consoles the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem bring comfort to her family.
Go to Article from Reuters »
Let's end with a report on the conference's dinner, sponsored by Disney.
But that's what he has set out to do with his design for Grand Avenue, unveiled in preliminary form yesterday.
(Holden) 'SORRY, HATERS' (No rating, 83 minutes) Shamelessly drawing on post-Sept. 11 anxieties, "Sorry, Haters" follows the increasingly irrational involvement of a New York cab driver (Abdellatif Kechiche), who is also a Syrian Muslim, and a disturbed fare (Robin Wright Penn).
"I can't stand seeing them there," she said.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital-rights advocacy group, has asserted in a lawsuit that the AT&T Daytona system, a giant storehouse of calling records and Internet message routing information, was the foundation of the N.S.A.
The results of two types of tests have thrown Landis’s status into doubt.
They printed and sold copies of two books Mr. Fritzky had written.
PROVIDING A SECOND WIND -- The new Web technologies have also given a second life to languishing small businesses.
Ideally, park advocates say, the job should go to a suburban parks professional.
Also survived by many nieces and nephews.
Then again, common sense is not a prerequisite for membership in a terrorist organization.
GETTING AROUND The Altstadt is best navigated on foot — it’s no bigger than most Manhattan neighborhoods.
8, Bergen Performing Arts Center, 30 North Van Brunt Street, Englewood, N.J., (201) 816-8160; $35 to $55.
Texas won the 2005 national football championship with a black quarterback, Vince Young.
In general, dealers seem to have figured out that booths installed as mini-group shows tend to look a bit too much like what they really are: shops packed with product.
(This is the time of year, the HRS points out, when thousands of bunnies given as pets on Easter wind up abandoned.)
At the same time, it was revealed yesterday that Lutheran would no longer be allowed to administer the SAT, which it had done 10 to 12 times since 2002.
Winvian officials said interest was strong, but declined to say how many reservations have been received so far.
Not only did the storms delay the transaction, they added disaster cleanup and recovery to an already long laundry list of post-merger tasks.
"This development of small clots blocking blood vessels set up a cascade of events," said Dr. Williams, who with his partner, Dr. Joseph Kim, treated Mr. Fritzky.
On March 4, 2006 seven weeks short of his 96th birthday.
Produced by Bolder Media for Boys and Girls Inc. in association with IDT Entertainment Inc. WITH THE VOICES OF: Grey De Lisle, (Wubbzy), Lara Jill Miller (Widget) and Carlos Alazraqui (Walden).
The problem is that intense harvesting prevents small lobsters from growing up.
Change Capital, a three-year-old equity group, which declined to name its acquisition price, signaled that it placed a higher value on the role of designer by giving equity in the company to Mr. Simons, along with two top managers: Gian Giacomo Ferraris, the chief executive, and Armin Mueller, the chief financial officer.
The first third of the blog is rooted firmly in the tradition of the great good place, as the young couple start to uncover, from underneath layers of rubbishy bad taste, a beautiful house.
No apple pie will be served.
The book's descriptions of gatherings atNewton's apartment give us insight into thepower he had over his followers: "The menu atthese sessions was a steady diet of cocaine, Cognacand cigarettes.
Bradley will face surging Southern Illinois.
They could have benefited from more abstraction, and indeed if he sticks with this direction, maybe it will lead to something both strong and human.
Everybody gets a free bag of chips, too.
She said it was essential to forge a common position to "try to persuade as many other countries as possible to join themselves to us."
Some are familiar; many aren’t.
The new line will join one of the fastest-growing categories in the computer industry: blade servers, which contain multiple circuit boards, often with many processors, in a single chassis.
Mr. Leff said the chemical companies were reluctant to pay anything, even though they were legally liable for the chemicals they had shipped to Hexagon to be processed.
The residents of Zayuna felt that no one had protected them, not least the Americans, who they said were nowhere to be found during the attacks.
None of which availed him much last year, when many of the orchestra musicians, along with other employees in the house, turned on him with what seemed like lightning speed.
But as the country has become one of the Continent’s hottest second-home markets, all that is about to change.
Some scratched out a living on the worst land set aside for the loyalist exiles, but fewer than half got any land at all.
Dr. Charles Zuckerman Dear Diary: While I waited in an early Monday morning line at the Syosset post office, a man walked in to report the weekend theft of his mailbox, a Harley-Davidson mailbox with handles.
It's about a Florida town hit by a hurricane that may have been just a front for an invasion from outer space.
Jim and Bill worked long hours to help after their oldest brother, Mike, was killed in a motorcycle accident at age 20.
The church has done much to remember those who lost their lives there.
It’s not just Mr. Kesey’s heroic madmen who deserve our patriotic sympathies for their anti-institutionalism.
The Yankees made their decisions this winter.
"The Promise" takes its time arranging the busy elements of its plot, and Mr. Chen squanders some emotional intensity along the way.
It is not certain why other organs and limbs have lost this useful capacity, but perhaps only the liver was damaged often enough during its owner's lifetime to make a repair system worth the cost.
A few moments earlier, it had been "Mr.
Just east of Carcassonne, in southwestern France, Domaine Faillenc Sainte Marie makes Pas de Louves, a fragrant white to savor.
Justice Breyer voted with the majority but said that the question was close and that any lower limit might be too protective of incumbents.
Many people write with brutal candor about domestic violence.
More than $1.2 million Summit $2.25 million 73 Bellevue Avenue Number of bedrooms: 6 Number of full bathrooms: 4 Number of half bathrooms: 1 Weeks on market: 3.5 months 5-year-old colonial; living room and family room with fireplace, den, exercise room, in-ground pool, 3-car detached garage, 1-acre lot; taxes $29,404; listed at $2.45 million.
Before the 1980's, a city's ethnic offerings may have started and stopped at chop suey and pizza; today, it could include Vietnamese, Thai, Korean, Ethiopian or some fusion of two or more cuisines.
Before James M. Barrie wrote “Peter Pan,” he was a successful novelist and playwright, unhappily married and childless.
If two people have corresponding DNA markers, they can exchange research.
But a reverse mortgage would certainly go a long way in preserving the home as long as possible, and therefore, preserving the history that is Fair Haven.
My routines are my natural way of looking at the world."
Many of them offer authentic home-style dishes in restaurants that range from Dae Dong, a branch of a 25-year-old North Korean noodle shop in Sunnyside, to Bori Gogae, a Korean porridge diner run by a family that settled in Flushing just five years ago.
Now, bark cloth is used most often in burials, as a shroud to cover bodies before they are laid to rest.
There could well be something to this first point.
"He is truly exceptional and understands what happens in classrooms," Dr. Negroni said of Mr. Alonso, who worked for him in Springfield as part of an internship for the doctoral program at Harvard.
This process of influence, imitation and inspiration may bedevil the those who despair at the future of copyright but is heartening to connoisseurs of classical music.
A Duke University lacrosse player charged with raping an exotic dancer at a team party was convicted of a misdemeanor in a separate assault last year on a bar patron in Washington, D.C.
Instead, the World Baseball Classic will handle the money Cuba would have earned and will make the donation to make sure no money flows through Cuba.
With every television appearance, the siren of Savannah shortens the distance between herself and the Food Network’s other screaming Southerner, Emeril Lagasse.
"The plot points are reflections of my own experience.
The players' lawyers insisted the players were innocent.
Scrapbookers are also forcing change in the stores where photos are printed, as the digital camera era has produced a paradox: people are taking better pictures but printing fewer of them.
She gave some decent action, however, by cursing at someone in the front row for spilling water on her stage, and mopping the spill herself.
But given the already incremental nature of the new law, the protest movement has now become more of an expression of general malaise than a challenge to the specifics of the measure, much as the movement against the proposed European constitution a year ago was more about unhappiness with Mr. Chirac's government than it was about the document in question.
She is also a founder of the International Neuroscience Foundation in New York, which supports research and patients with diseases of the head, neck, brain and spine.
That conviction automatically disqualified him from running for public office again.
Many will provide directions through a synthesized voice, telling you exactly where to turn..
Feb. 26 at 7 p.m. Tickets: $35.
(Sinagra) WOLF EYES, PIG DESTROYER (Tomorrow) Wolf Eyes is a noise band from Montreal; Pig Destroyer plays grindcore metal.
But the inevitable strings with which Mr. Foreman traditionally vivisects theatrical spaces are, in this case, attached to two immense photographic images of a woman's face.
But he acknowledged that airline rewards may have been misappropriated by at least one of his former employees.
We can do it by fixing the part of the brain that turns on you during drug addiction and encourages you to kill yourself against your will.
Or two feature-length films about southern Indian dance, one a stilted but sincere dramatization of a temple dancer's protofeminist rebellion against sexual servitude in the 1920's, the other a documentary about a venerable master of Kathakali dance drama?
"I was shopping for a pair of sunglasses, and the saleswoman came up to me and said, 'Oh, you are so Angelina Jolie-pregnant.'
Shoppers can sip coffee or hot chocolate as they sit in comfortable chairs working on computers.
The fertilizer motif was a fitting philosophy for Mr. Hagedorn, a founder of the plant food company Miracle-Gro.
His voice, a husky baritone, was casual but guarded, as if he had to gauge just how much to confide.
I spent a fair amount of time in front of that hotel in Cleveland yesterday talking to people about the war and saying you were there to talk optimistically.
The communiqué was signed by Abu Maysara al-Iraqi, the same name that has been attached to messages issued by Al Qaeda for months.
André Balazs, who owns the Mercer hotel in New York and a handful of boutique hotels elsewhere including the Chateau Marmont in Los Angeles, said problems are unavoidable when two different companies manage the hotel and the bar.
Mr. Johnson is being held on charges of second-degree murder and first-degree manslaughter.
The industry has agreed at the end of each school year starting in 2007 to disclose the progress toward fulfilling the agreement.
Born February 8, 1938, in Brooklyn, he graduated from James Madison High School, Princeton University and Columbia University School of International Affairs, which he attended on a National Defense Language Scholarship.
Mrs. Clinton’s strategy is a tacit recognition that crossing the border into a state that will matter early in 2008 would set off a cascade of attention and be tantamount to an official announcement that she is running for president.
She shivers at the thought of weekend revelers barreling into historic cities and blithely snapping pictures of elderly men in hooded caftans.
Both Cheever and Powell are unsparing when it comes to the toll that drinking takes on a personality and a life.
I hear a lot of the women say that they're doing it for their kids."
"I think it's going to be great, early on, to see Katie stick her foot in her mouth," said Greg Kasul, 49, who said he preferred to get his news from Sean Hannity and Rush Limbaugh.
Faced with Tymoshenko's cultlike following among the protesters, the newly inaugurated president, who was suspicious of her headstrong political style, was forced to concede her the prime ministership she demanded, choosing her over candidates closer to him.
In lieu of flowers, donations in his honor may be made to the George Crile, III Fund at The Cleveland Clinic, PO Box 931517, Cleveland, OH 44101.
Two years ago, Dr. Rothman received a $7.5 million grant from the financier George Soros to set up an organization that would study medical professionalism.
PROS: The formal dining room has a bay window, the living room has a gas fireplace, and there are nine-foot-high ceilings, wide-plank wood floors and a large kitchen with honey maple cabinets and Italian porcelain floor tiles.
When it was announced last month, the all-stock deal had a value of $680 million.
This prodigious show, by an artist born and still living in Columbus, Ohio, celebrates her heritage in paintings, drawings, sculpture, stitchery, leather work and less classifiable forms of expression.
Caring daughter of the late Ethel and Joseph Balk.
Two lanes of Interstate 88 reopened yesterday, nine weeks after rain washed out a section of the road, killing two truck drivers.
Beyond the common problems, the study found that "first suburbs are also often quite different from each other."
THE LATIN LEGENDS OF COMEDY Opens today in Manhattan.
Died in Walnut Creek, CA, at the age of 91, of pancreatic cancer.
That each painting is paired with the full-scale oil sketch that Constable made for it compounds the monumentality, and complicates it.
Keppinger was kind of a long shot, and he's still kind of a long shot, but he's there."
"It is difficult to prove cause and effect on the ground where multiple factors interact in complex ways," she said.
His brothers, Anthony and Paul, also became graphic designers.
FOOTBALL National Football League CHICAGO BEARS--Announced the retirement of CB Jerry Azumah.
If the average sales price of a home in the area has risen by an agreed upon amount, measured on an annualized basis, then the seller gets the money in escrow.
That and a variety of other measures were clearly aimed at destabilizing the Aristide administration.
I should know — I’m one of them.” Turin has an extraordinary gift for writing about smell.
Predator and prey is a tough dichotomy.
Died February 17, 2006, of melanoma.
It seemed inevitable that we would succumb to the two-car suburban lifestyle.
A politician speaking to a religious group is hardly new, and the tax code allows churches and other tax-exempt charities to register voters and to express views on public issues.
ATMOSPHERE A dark, sexy rathskeller of sorts with communal tables and a partially open kitchen.
(It didn't help that Mr. Eisner didn't have Walt's creative bona fides.)
Where do they belong in the history of evolution?
She gave birth to a son two years ago, and her second child is due in April.
And it is not infrequent that customers take a favorite piece of antique china to the store to develop a pattern for place settings that either replicates or implies the pattern of the chosen dish.
She said a fire alarm in her unit never went off.
She wanted Ms. Leemhuis to do much more to differentiate them, to find distinctive vocal colorings and inflections for each one -- "your sweetest sound for the girl, of course," a somber color for the narrator and perhaps a virile sound for the boy.
And then there's a sort of rivalry between brokers and auctioneers, a "kind of an us-versus-them mentality that we're trying to shake," said Jan Hope, the managing director for business specialties at the National Association of Realtors.
It's a fairly safe assumption that the purpose of State Liquor Authority laws would be to protect the public from practices that may be harmful.
But next year's slate will begin with full coverage of the Mercedes Championships, the Sony Open and the Bob Hope Chrysler Classic and conclude with the six or seven tournaments after the Tour Championship in what will be called the "Quest for the Card" to determine player eligibility for the next year's FedEx Cup.
William F. Weld of Massachusetts, because the county has the second-largest Republican enrollment in the state.
"If it's on the prohibited list, then they've blown it," Richard W. Pound, the world agency's chairman, said via telephone.
Baltimore, for example, has a generally appropriate suburban community around it.
You can change or turn off the system sounds for Windows logoff and other standard audio alerts here as well.
Home for Mr. Marcell was the St. Thomas project, a low-rise slum along the Mississippi River near the mansions of the Garden District.
And they nest near houses, which is important, Dr. Petersen explained, because the Culex mosquitoes that transfer the virus from bird to man lay their eggs in birdbaths and gutters and may travel no more than a block in their lives.
But how that works in practice is an open question: according to a recent AudioFile magazine survey, 53 percent of audiobook buyers listen while driving.
Until now, the technology has been used mostly in underserved rural markets and by companies that can afford high-capacity data connections.
You can still find traces of that vanished passageway: small glass cylinders set into the concrete floor to create a skylight for the corridor below.
In addition, they fill out the surveys given to them by their classmates.
The other half is preventing S.T.D.'s.''
This summer 10 new Greenmarkets will be open by July 14 in Manhattan.
Rather, both artists do something smarter and more basic: they put their trust in a coherent band sound, the most fundamental and sometimes the most overlooked quality of good pop.
He said that the Port Authority and Governor Pataki had made a series of concessions to Mr. Silverstein in an effort to resolve all differences and to accelerate the rebuilding effort.
Kieselstein-Cord sterling-silver belt buckles are cast in the form of a Chinese foo dog (symbol of wealth) or a classic dragon (symbol of royalty) and ward off evil spirits with style ($1,565 for each buckle at Bergdorf Goodman).
They then create designs for parade floats to represent these celebrations.
She was Fanny Sunesson, not Sunneson, and was in her seventh year as his caddie, not her first.
But others have seen their hurt deepen.
Across the street, a small number of students and others were stopping to lay flowers near the place where Mr. Gill stepped out of his car in his long black coat and military boots and began shooting.
In the event that no one claims the remains after three days, consider what course of action would be most respectful of the dead and Muslim sensibilities.
When I stopped in to visit, as she had suggested, I noticed a lot of similarities, but it was a very different house.
About three-quarters of the doctors were men, and 89 percent were white.
I moved in with my mom two years ago to take care of her — she is 88 and in poor health.
As the terrain changed from the rolling farmland of the north to the sun-blasted hillsides of the south, I relaxed and finally caught some sleep.
In fact, with the rise of the genial Houston star Paul Wall, you might say Bubba Sparxxx is now the other other one.
Mr. Sadiq, a short, bald man with an open face, said living safely in the new Iraq, where sectarian feelings run high, required the skills of a diplomat.
"We live and die by lawsuits."
But Jewishness clung to the general air of scandal surrounding her.
Until the 2005 tax year, some taxpayers made a very generous estimate of the fair market value of clunker that they gave away -- and then deducted that amount from their taxes, secure in the knowledge that the I.R.S.
The Washington Post editorial page has announced an occasional series on inequality in America.
The Society was fortunate to know Bill through his wife Adair, who has served on a number of committees since 1985 and most recently as an Advisor to the Marketing Committee.
9 P.M. (CBS) THE AMAZING RACE -- Two-hour season premiere.
"For someone with such a strenuous professional life, he took part in a huge number of charitable events," Ms. Francke said.
Mr. Rava formed the group at the turn of the century, providing a crucible for such raw young talent as the trombonist Gianluca Petrella and the pianist Stefano Bollani.
Still, they go beyond dutiful multiculturalism.
Assuming that producers can figure out how to make the creative leap to original cellphone programming, the biggest question for their companies is how they're going to make money.
Since Dec. 1, Bryant, who leads the league with a 35.9-point scoring average, has reached the 30-point mark eight times, the 40-point mark six times, the 50-point mark twice and the 60-point mark once.
Sonia Gandhi, the leader of the Congress Party, was re-elected to Parliament in a landslide, less than two months after she unexpectedly quit to defuse an opposition campaign over lawmakers holding multiple public posts.
Best Things to Do Free Vondelpark, the city's largest park, hosts a series of free open-air concerts throughout the summer starting in June (www.openluchttheater.nl ).
Viewers are allowed to dream that the American Century will still be going strong in the 21st.
S.& P. raised its outlook to positive from stable and predicted "the stabilization and eventual reduction" of the country's debt burden.
But the governor's new medical team, unlike his doctors in Westchester, who held several news conferences, did not brief reporters on his second operation.
He pursues this mission, in his less anxious moments, with ardency and unaffected eloquence.
This is an attempt to find one."
"In the Groove" is the story of down-and-out Sarah Tingle, who is hired to drive the motor coach for the famous Nascar driver Lance Cooper.
11 P.M. (HBO) REAL TIME WITH BILL MAHER -- George Clooney is Mr. Maher's guest.
Others say they thought they heard phones ring while taking a shower, using a blow-dryer or watching commercials.
But the most difficult part, she said, had to do not with the needles, but with the weakness brought on by the treatment.
The chief financial officer, Clive Standish, said during a conference call that the bank was optimistic about the fourth quarter after a “discernible pickup” in markets in September.
"Part of our mission at the center is to bring cases other people might be too timid to bring," Ms. Meeropol said.
The men will formally become cardinals at a ceremony called a consistory, which Benedict said would take place on March 24.
They baby-sat, brought over groceries and paid Ms. Smith to braid their hair.
Shipments to restaurants and food processors take place within 24 hours to ensure freshness.
The only dissenting vote was cast by Justice Clarence Thomas, who said that "the crux of my disagreement with the majority is its failure to assign the term 'transmission' its plain meaning."
If they are not, they would need to download and install the new software, R.I.M.
"You don't reinvent yourself as a team in the playoffs," Frank said.
These findings are contained in a study entitled "Why Does the Law of One Price Fail?
e. What is being lost by the use of e-mail and other rapid forms of communication?
"We needed to show the people that we're doing something for them," he said.
Initial public offerings take their place in the growing world of exchange-traded index funds as the First Trust IPOX-100 Index Fund kicks off trading on the American Stock Exchange.
Google is now making some moves toward integrating its products more closely.
Highly recommended among the locals is Caserio de Mozaga, Mozaga 8, San Bartolomé, (34-928) 520-060, where straightforward but perfectly done dishes like grilled vegetables or filet mignon glow in the warm light of antique candelabra.
"I thought I'd probably have more chance of getting somebody interested now, when they're talking about prices peaking at $4 by the end of the summer."
American ORT mourns the passing of Joan Hope Silverman, beloved sister of one of our key supporters, Lorin Silverman.
Joining the makers of purses, watches and shoes, the manufacturers of cellphones are trying to convince us that an everyday item can be an objet d'art.
The other wave of growth — prosperous middle-aged people desirous of second homes at the shore — has also affected housing prices, Dr. Perniciaro said, driving those $10-an-hour and even $20-an-hour casino workers farther and farther from Atlantic City.
"Regardless of the communication that you had with George's people, you misled your readers."
the sheriff asks Win, as if it were Win who just made that claim.
Explain to students they they will write a profile of a female athlete who competed in a past Olympics or will compete this year in Turin.
Mr. Delainey recounted a meeting on March 29, 2001, in Mr. Skilling's office where, he said, Mr. Skilling assented to the move after Mr. Delainey initially got "cold feet."
And that is something no one could say for the previous two months.
"If industry fails at the task of self-regulation, stronger government action will be necessary."
He said efforts might be made to retrieve the eggs for analysis by a wildlife pathologist.
These two influences have helped expose concerns over the effectiveness of the system.
"Nobody can understand that pain but me, Mrs. Diallo and the others.
About 1,500 residential school victims have received court compensation over the last 12 years, about one in 10 who filed claims.
Or the remarkable set of eight chairs made around 1902 by Charles Rohlfs of Buffalo and seen at Geoffrey Diner.
This was an all-City Ballet cast, with Teresa Reichlen, Ellen Bar and Alina Dronova partnered by Alexander Ritter and Mr.
US Airways had to contend with thousands of unhappy customers who complained about mangled reservations and other problems.
Mr. LaValle took issue with the charge of fiscal mismanagement and said he did not believe the $15,000 transfers required his approval.
"We call every so often to check on those players we might want to bring in for a workout, to see what kind of shape they're in.
Trattoria Da Francesco, Corte Portici 13; (39-0583) 418.049.
Another popular chick lit title is Rupa Gulab's "Girl Alone," about "a pseudo-intellectual (named Arti) who deals with her disappointments in love with cough syrup, rock music and existential literature," as the author told The Mumbai Mirror last fall.
Her vision, leadership and friendship will be missed.
A photograph of the interior of Richard Rogers's wonderful Barajas Airport terminals in Madrid, scheduled to open later this year, gives us an inkling of the project's structural potency.
Effective as it is, this transformation poses a conceptual problem.
Though it's not a particularly long distance, I already sense that seven days will be about half as long as I would have hoped for.
A month later, that hell-in-a-handbasket feeling was alleviated as lower gas prices and increased hiring boosted consumer confidence.
The harbor views on the cable car alone is worth the price of admission (32 Australian dollars, 17.50 for ages 4 to 15).
“We have 268 inmates in this prison alone, which is already too many,” Mr. Saba said.
That she has a white boyfriend (Anthony Crane) only complicates matters, as does the arrival at her lab of Iris Preston (Petronia Paley), a leading black scientist and outspoken critic of melanin theories.
There is no need for a shopping cart, no tension when you try to hail a taxi with seven bags on your arm, no pinched look from the doorman, no neck strain as you haul the goods upstairs.
Recognizing all this, Kathryn Tyler writes that companies are trying to take various steps to make the workplace less pressure-packed.
The findings were published in Biology Letters.
Lisa Reed, whose son has Type 1 diabetes , remembers the first time she wept in a United States senator's office.
For example, Samsung Electronics America has been experimenting with video-based flash memory devices, which are portable players that don't have a hard drive.
But wasn't conflagration a natural end for flaming youth?
A pack of tomato seeds costing $1.79 had the potential, he estimated, to produce "fifty, a hundred, maybe even two hundred dollars' worth of tomatoes."
Tonight at Joe's Pub, she performs new songs from "7,000 Mysteries," a suite of "sonic images of the Philippines," with her husband, Roberto J. Rodriguez, a Cuban-American percussionist and composer.
He can charm a class of rookies at the 68th Precinct in Brooklyn, turning a perfunctory cultural sensitivity seminar into a comedy hour.
He received a call from police headquarters in Londonderry asking him to get out to an "interface community," a housing area where Catholics live on one side of the street and Protestants on the other.
The man, Anthony Keith Serries of Clarkson Avenue in Brooklyn, was crossing Rogers Avenue near Winthrop Street about 10 p.m. when a northbound car described by witnesses as a dark-colored sedan struck him, the police said.
didn’t want me back in a different capacity.” The family lives on $1,222 a month from workers’ compensation and Social Security disability.
The families they left realized what a good thing they had, and blanched at the thought of having mothers who slept in and did their nails; when the diligent women returned home, their families stood at wary moral attention, afraid of being left again.
DEUTSCHER -- Samuel P. (Uncle Sam), at 92.
Many of those articles would show up in a Google search using the key words “affirmative action,” of course, but they’d be scattered all over the results.
“It would either be sell now, or sell in a few years after we invested a few hundred thousand dollars.” Most important, they wanted to start off together in a place of their own.
Few people saw it, but those who did enjoyed it.
Dr. Alperson, who studied piano with Mrs. Helton, described her as a wonderful musician who produced "beautiful, buttery, sweet and very rich tones" on the piano.
“We wish we could have saved the garden,” she said, “but we’re relieved the building will be the height of the other buildings in Brooklyn Heights.” Mr. Herzka could not be reached for comment because he was traveling in Europe, according to Howard Hornstein, the lawyer who represented him before the Landmarks Preservation Commission.
Maria Zakharova, the press secretary for the Permanent Mission of the Russian Federation to the United Nations, said that, according to Mr. Morozov, "there was no hitting the policeman or any physical contact with the police officer."
Their children try to fit into their new country by embracing its foods and its sedentary pastimes.
In doing so she offers no small measure of hope to those who have run afoul of a judicial system that prefers to operate in the shadows.
Mr. Wright believes that this is a parable not only for NBC’s ambitions overseas, but also for its newfound resolve to figure out how to make serious money on the Internet before the Web undermines the economics of traditional television.
And, Heavy.com has America’s Suck Countdown, with a joke-a-second cadence that would be difficult for anybody to catch up with, let alone a magazine.
The tax rate will rise to 20 percent, from 8 percent now, for vehicles with engines larger than four liters.
Its ranks have grown by more than 500,000 in the last five years.
The bride is the stepdaughter of Millie Barton.
But the focus is Shakespeare himself and, after more than three years of study and forensic tests, the gallery has reached some conclusions about how he looked.
Roughly, over the course of the year, we budget about 12 columns a week for the weddings.
So I guess you could say I come by it honestly, although that doesn't make it any easier.
In addition, because the stove sits in front of the fireplace, its vent usually comes out the rear.
“It’s not good for old people to be alone,” Ms. Bethune once said.
The toe-to-heel motif ran through other sections of the work, which featured six women and one man.
Afterward, the book-signing line snaked out the auditorium and into the lobby, where two feeder lines formed.
"We've still got the N.C.A.A.
Clinton was not a leader on global AIDS and the consequences have been devastating.” After he left office, Mr. Clinton considered his future with a keen eye on history, analyzing what former presidents had done.
Hoping politicians will make pedestrians and bikers more important than moving vehicles, as it is in Scandinavia, is like singing in the wind.
The Reds, the Pirates and the Brewers should again contend for the lower half of the division, but will the Cubs join them or will they rise up to their designated level?
Companies like Linksys sell networking adapters and even routers that can be tethered by U.S.B.
She stepped in at the last minute on April 1 for an ailing Karita Mattila in a production of "Fidelio," and sang two more performances.
In an election year that could turn on the enthusiasm of his party's conservative base, Mr. Bush is clearly happy to be identified as a budget cutter.
Some here in Newark are already calling it overkill.
But each time she tries, her father is too preoccupied to listen, or else Frankie intervenes, soliciting attention.
“I want sexual intercourse.” More even than sex, students want just a little bit of the good life that seems to be in reach as China’s rulers relax their economic policies.
General Manager Allard Baird thought so because he brought in three veterans to mix with the team's young players.
Her husband John S. Chapman preceded her in death in 1974.
A Metro-North station would be good not only for the community but the team, whose Westchester fans have to drive or take a circuitous mass transit route to get to the Bronx.
In the end, Mr. McEwen sidesteps sweeping conclusions, moral or otherwise.
Jerome Martinez, the city's influential monsignor, began to throw his support behind the living-wage ordinance.
He was a special person with a passion for life and for his art.
"These things take a long time," he said.
WHAT -- 3-bedroom house HOW MUCH -- $495,000 This 2,406-square-foot Santa Fe-style house on less than a half acre is in Alto and includes membership in the Alto Lakes Country Club, a private golf-course community.
He gave up the post of chief executive in 2004 to Andrew Robertson while remaining chairman.
Weeks This On Week List Advice, How-to and Miscellaneous: Hardcover 1 28 NATURAL CURES "THEY" DON'T WANT YOU TO KNOW ABOUT, by Kevin Trudeau.
HOOKER--Marion Butler died on December 4, 2006 surrounded by her family at New York Hospital.
action would amount to unauthorized interference in foreign policy.
Not just rap, but emo, rock, club, etc.
We send our deepest love and condolences to Sheryl, Matthew, Amanda, Maddy, Jerry, Michelle and Scott.
Saturday 9 a.m. 4) BOOGIE-WOOGIE OMELETS After eight years, it’s no longer a novelty, but the zydeco breakfast at Café Des Amis in Breaux Bridge (140 East Bridge Street, 337-332-5273) still packs them in every Saturday morning from 8:30 until the band stops at 11.
In 1937, in his second inaugural address, President Franklin D. Roosevelt said: "The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little."
"And Dr. King stood for the truth."
His claim could not be independently verified.
“How could that guy get a pass to the Olympic trials?
The same consumers who last year wanted to look as if they spent their afternoons eating strawberries and clotted cream while punting on the Thames will by next season be ready to slip on their fashion fighting gloves.
The models' smooth domed hats give them an alien cast, and their platform shoes look corrective.
On October 30, 2006 at the age of 90.
Do parents ever try to steer troubled recruits to you for discipline?
TO swim to the top ranks of commercial real estate brokers in New York City, Barry M. Gosin perfected an elegant crawl.
For nearly 30 years, she has demonstrated that she is a thoughtful policy expert and a tough and effective negotiator who has accomplishments to show for it.
Little did I know the abuse my body would endure just hours later.
MARINA RIVAS, 43, had no formal training when she became interested several years ago in the internal workings of computers.
growth is lower than the bank previously expected and so the inflation outlook is calmer."
The TV ran still images of a national flag in a black-bordered frame.
I just tried to help them find the fastest way out of Yogyakarta."
Does the Ultra Mobile PC exist because regular laptops are too bulky?
That goal should be to give everyone a chance to tackle every question and eliminate time as a factor -- thereby accommodating the learning style of all children, including those with disabilities.
Caption information is provided below.
"I'll be looking for something to do," Mr. Bush said.
HOW TO GET THERE There are no direct flights to Lucerne from the United States.
's regulatory matters for more than a year.
A Morgan Stanley spokesman, Mark Lake, declined to comment beyond the filing.
Mr. McCall, who in 2002 was the state’s first black candidate for governor to run on a major party ticket, praised Ms. Clarke as “a passionate advocate for health care, affordable housing and jobs.” He said that she was “the one who can carry on the tradition of Shirley Chisholm” — who in the 1960’s became the first black woman elected to Congress and represented much of the current 11th Congressional District.
The residual influence of Robert Shaw, who died in 1999, on the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra Chorus is also palpable.
"I show him, maybe he like."
The more I got into it, the more interesting it became.
Also just a tad irritating.
At the after-party, CRAIG BIERKO was having his earlobe tugged by an irksome buddy.
"You get no sympathy from me," Dr.
Any substantial changes in the deal forced on UniCredito by Warsaw might still be grounds for a lawsuit, an official at the commission said.
The airline Lufthansa said that it had agreed to sell its 50 percent stake in the travel business Thomas Cook to its partner, the department store operator KarstadtQuelle, for 800 million euros ($1.05 billion).
Open house Sunday, 1-2:30 p.m. TAXES: $5,270 a year PROS: The house is a short bicycle ride to the harbor and shops, and about a 10-minute drive to the Long Island Rail Road station.
They are not sure where they are going.
But diplomatic analysts noted that the last time he visited China, in 2004, Beijing waited until he had returned home before breaking the news.
There are four to six policemen there every morning, stopping every van and truck that goes through.
The octopus with rice is especially lovely.
But a certain resonance would have vanished, the vibrations of a social instrument devised for the precise purpose of detecting a historically outstanding performance.
A Mass of Christian Burial on Monday, 10AM at St. Anthony's RC Church, Nanuet, NY.
I called his internist while he was in my office and sent him for an appointment a few hours later.
Ms. Reid, playing a widow with time on her hands and sex on her mind, memorably pursued a steamy affair with Daniel Craig before he was James Bond.
was in the papers before it happened.
"It is Alain Ducasse who should be shaking."
President Moshe Katsav led the tributes to her role in expressing Israel's national identity, describing her as a woman who "united the country and who conveyed hope and optimism."
And on their liquored breath they whispered the coming of an unimaginable force, of a gathering shadow on the eastern horizon, gorging itself on the continent as it pressed steadily this way.” This cryptic passage might serve as a bare-bones synopsis of the book.
Alcatel of France and Lucent Technologies said on Sunday that they had reached agreement on a $13.4 billion merger that would create a French-American maker of telecommunications equipment with revenue of $25 billion, 88,000 employees and phone company customers across the world.
"Yes, they honk their horn," one cabbie said.
In the Airflow series, the 7 has the biggest head, which gives beginners like me more power.
Last week there were 186 homes, 75 condos and 75 co-ops for sale.
It would take days to research thoroughly the two dozen unusual stimulants and amino acids in EndoRush.
Hayden, who led the National Security Agency from 1999 to 2005, told reporters the White House believed that the requirement of “probable cause” to secure a warrant under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act was too strict, and that the president wanted to spy on people based on a lower standard of evidence, a “reasonable basis to believe” that someone is communicating with Al Qaeda.
Winter guarantees both regular swells from the North Pacific and dry conditions, so you and a rented four-wheel drive can gain access to all kinds of secret spots between the regions better-known breaks like Playa Grande or Playa Negra.
Still, the editing branch is huge, and even historical wild cards like “Life is Beautiful” and “The Crying Game,” which came out of nowhere to get best picture nominations, had the support of the film editors.
Devoted grandmother to Joel Hamburger, Benjamin Weitz, Debby, and Roy Farkas.
"It's in the Palisades, right?"
The children were watching a huge herd of cattle with many different brands.
It has not been crushed, the way it has by the authoritarian leaders in the Arab world.
"Waffles and skiing seemed a rather unique idea to us," Ms. Heyrman said.
The best results were found after streamlining the shape of the plastic disc that protrudes from the lure's mouth; in the final version, it resembles a guitar pick instead of the original circle.
There are a few flashes of color: two pillars covered in tiny red tiles and a resin room divider between the bar and dining room that glows, changing from red to rose to violet to blue.
“It’s like eight, nine dollars at your local craft store,” she said of the blue spray by her ear.
The admittedly imperfect answer in that case would be to seek longer sentences for violent sex crimes to reduce the chances that dangerous predators will be released too soon, and to aggressively monitor offenders upon release with electronic bracelets and a strengthened parole system.
He gives a spirited account of Flaubert's tour of the Near East with his friend Maxime du Camp, a riot of exotic color and nonstop sex.
The portions at Giorgione will, I'd predict, frustrate those who measure the quality of their sandwiches by the foot or equate heft with value.
One small shop in Duvall, Wash., called SharedInk.com , emphasizes its traditional production techniques and the quality of its product.
But he felt the real opportunity was in buying up formats for British shows.
In an effort to calm Congress, the administration released a confidential letter sent on Jan. 6 in which the company committed itself to continuing its participation in a range of American-led initiatives to close gaping security holes in ports around the world.
Suddenly Walter and Gloria are all over each other.
But the Watson Place is also where a quartet of dolphins came down the river in the late afternoon, lolling and playing and letting us know they were on their way with blows of mist that could be heard while they were still around the corner.
It is also convenient to the new cruise ship terminal in Red Hook, where the Queen Mary 2 will be docking as of next month.
In May, Mr. Durand, 26, expects that the film will be shown again -- this time to jurors at his trial on felony burglary charges.
INSIDE PITCH Kazuo Matsui, who spent the off-season working with a private coach, has brought him to spring training.
"It deals with the most intense feelings you can have as a young person.
Rooms start at around 350 euros.
Afterward, Carter was asked if it was frustrating that he or Jefferson have seemingly gotten hurt every time the Nets have been on a roll this season.
Yahoo, meanwhile, is in negotiations to buy Facebook, a social networking site originally aimed at college students, for more than $1 billion, according to people involved in those talks.
That’s kind of like owning a wounded animal.” In response, Haines developed an early version of PropertyShark for his own use.
Critics worry about the temporary suspension of certain civil liberties around the country, in particular, curbs placed on public gatherings, political activity and the local news media.
The president, Gen. Pervez Musharraf, amended an Islamic law to allow hundreds of women facing charges for adultery and other minor crimes to be freed on bail.
Like Robert Zemeckis’s “Polar Express,” “Monster House” (for which Mr. Zemeckis served as an executive producer) uses the digitally captured movements of real actors rather than computer-generated algorithms as the basis for its animated images.
Susan Fischer Kitakyushu, Japan, July 10, 2006  To the Editor: Bob Herbert argues that the current war in Iraq, like the Vietnam War, was unnecessary.
Consider the Bridgeport Museum of Modern Art, at 3213 South Lituanica Avenue, 773-847-3249, www.bmoma.org , a sardonically named gallery that a 34-year-old artist, Chris Uphues, runs in his apartment.
Renée Berliner Rush, a parent who opposed the assembly, was irate at the way in which it was canceled, saying school officials should have apologized for planning a one-sided forum in the first place.
Directed by Marc Rothemund; written (in German, with English subtitles) by Fred Breinersdorfer; director of photography, Martin Langer; edited by Hans Funck; music by Johnny Klimek and Reinhold Heil; produced by Christoph Mueller, Sven Burgemeister, Mr. Breinersdorfer and Mr. Rothemund; released by Zeitgeist Films.
He noted that the training sessions explicitly encouraged the members of the clergy to speak about policies and to avoid endorsing candidates, guidelines within the limits of tax laws.
Others say expectations were overblown last summer when Mexican legislators gave in to political pressure from migrants, who send home $16 billion a year.
But one piece of the puzzle was missing.
Old age does not make us wiser; we simply have less energy to be unwise.
As recently as a decade ago, the West 60s was something of a restaurant wasteland.
Bill Beutel, who helped bring about a sea change in the nature of local television news as the dapper and unruffled anchor of "Eyewitness News" at WABC-TV in New York for more than 30 years, died Saturday at his home in Pinehurst, N.C.
Why, for instance, do we trust ourselves, given that we remain the only nation actually to have used nuclear weapons?
He will be truly missed but never forgotten.
Mr. Wilson sobbed as he told his story, residents said, and his body twitched with emotion.
He was arrested on Jan. 18 and charged with driving a stolen vehicle.
Ms. Claret yelled as she circled past Mr. Yanowitz.
Seeking a more fulfilling alternative, they came up with the Hundreds (as in “selling by the hundreds”).
It was Cardizem LA, a blood-pressure medication, not Wellbutrin XL.
No shuffle down a long hallway can be indicated with a few steps; the whole dreary walk must be shown.
Taxis are available at the ferry terminal but are not easy to hail on the streets.
Today the Mercury Control Center stands empty and all but abandoned, half hidden by thick Florida vegetation.
One is offered by Google (at the five-digit address 46645), another by UpSnap Inc. of Davidson, N.C. (at 27627) and a third by Synfonic Inc. of Berkeley, Calif. (at the harder-to-punch-in 1-650-430-718).
The proposed budget offers significant new spending on social programs and construction projects to please Democrats and their union sponsors while holding the line on taxes, a move necessary to prevent grumbling among Republicans.
“We ate fish soup and langoustines, and the Domaine Ott kept coming,” Mr. McInerney writes.
If heat is included in the rent — as is required in most of New York City’s multiple-dwelling buildings — there’s little incentive to conserve.
An off-duty city sanitation worker was arrested last night and charged with assaulting a police officer who had pulled him over on Lexington Avenue near 86th Street to write him a summons for not wearing a seat belt.
While impressed that you included live music at the Saloon in the itinerary, I was disappointed that their hostel was not listed as a lodging option in the Basics section.
Already, some parents had complained that students who do not get tutoring will have their school day shortened.
"We continue to incur significant losses on cars exported from Germany to the U.S.A.," the chief executive, Bernd Pischetsrieder, said in a statement.
Benchmarks: Knows how social meanings communicated in informal productions, formal productions, and personal performances of different cultures and historical periods can relate to current personal, national, and international issues; Articulates and justifies personal aesthetic criteria for critiquing dramatic texts and events that compare perceived artistic intent with the final aesthetic achievement; Understands how the context in which a dramatic performance is set can enhance or hinder its effectiveness; Identifies and researches cultural, historical, and symbolic clues in dramatic texts; Understands the validity and practicality of cultural, historical, and symbolic information used in making artistic choices for informal and formal productions Theater Standard 6- Understands the context in which theater, film, television, and electronic media are performed today as well as in the past.
Fleming himself had early doubts that Connery, the son of a working-class Scottish family, would cut a classy enough figure.
He has voted against affirmative action and campaign finance laws, and for states' rights.
This does not say that if the first shoe dropped, the second one would not follow a year on.
He and his three siblings each inherited a major painting at the time of their father's death in 1973 and another after their mother's death in 1985, when he received "L'Arlésienne."
Robert Scoble, a technology executive, was on a flight from Northern California to Seattle when he found himself seated next to a vice president for Costco.
So the choice is yours: Go with an actively managed foreign stock fund and try to beat the international market.
The "Express" part of the spacecraft's name came because the mission took less than four years from conception to arriving at the planet, a record for the European Space Agency.
Some of the houses are just as astonishing.
In practice, however, this rule is rarely enforced.)
But the passenger blimp industry died May 6, 1937, when the Hindenburg exploded over Lakehurst, N.J. And Akron watched its major tire and rubber plants close starting in the 1980's.
The safety of New Orleans's battered levees is "open to question" until the entire system can be analyzed in light of new information about how the 17th Street Canal levee failed after Hurricane Katrina, according to a review panel of civil engineers.
“So was that indicative of an under-performing Fisico, as the five-second message seemed to suggest, or a more complicated reality?” they ask, indicating Alan Permane’s words over the radio to Giancarlo Fisichella that I mentioned in my post yesterday.
(Who, after all, would be in favor of cartels and price fixers?)
The report then goes to the Security Council, giving it an opportunity to respond.
“My Life,” by Mr. Clinton, has sold roughly 1.3 million copies, according to BookScan, and “Living History,” by Senator Clinton, has sold 1.2 million copies.
"Have you decided on a sea monster?"
We felt like trying our hand at relaxing.
David Henry Hwang wrote the book (2:30).
'70 GIRLS 70' Opens Thursday.
SAN JUAN, P.R., March 7 - The chants of "Ber-nie, Ber-nie" were not happening at Yankee Stadium on a cool October night.
She was, consummately, a happy warrior; in her letters, as in her books, she gets at her targets — the funeral directors, fat-farmers, prison establishment, writing programs — with their own words.
Later, when asked if his family was happy about his Olympic berth, he said: "My mom is getting drunk already and my dad is sitting home with my dog and watching it on TV.
Ranging over authors as famous as Homer, Hemingway, Austen and Aristophanes, it also contains chapters devoted to non-marquee names like Widsith the Wide-Traveled, Fulgentius, Ahmad ad-Daqiqi and Faltonia Betitia Proba.
And in "Hearing the Word for the First Time," Bursk meditates on each letter of an unspeakable word -- "The n without scruples / kicking the legs out from under a kid, / the i caught up / in what it had no intentions of doing: / ganging up with the twins, / double g, those thugs up to no good" -- to explore how much damage words can do, and how perverse their power can be: "I'd worked so hard / to keep my lips from forming the two syllables, / finally all I wanted to do / was say them."
's current practices, like past controversies about domestic surveillance, might have value.
Do I want to find out?
The earliest symptoms can include itching and swelling of the eyes and airways, sneezing and wheezing and hives; this condition requires immediate medical treatment.
THE Maya Riviera - a roughly 80-mile strip of land below the commercialized spring-break cornerstone of Cancún - used to consist of a string of untrammeled towns like Tulum and Akumal.
A federal appeals court has ordered a new trial for the truck driver convicted in a 2003 human smuggling attempt that ended 100 miles southwest of Houston and left 19 illegal immigrants dead.
an editor said midshow), caught a dressy mood lurking behind the sports mania.
Its consumer confidence index rose to 104.5, from 100.2. in August.
For the rest of us, it's one heck of a show.
Pfizer’s biggest deal this decade, its purchase of Pharmacia for $60 billion in 2002, has turned sour.
Literally, this is: "The idea of having engendered delighted him."
One night, our waiter delivered our check and fortune cookies without asking if we wanted anything else.
The United States urged Israel “to take the utmost care in avoiding civilian casualties,” the State Department spokesman, Sean McCormack, said.
It's hard to trivialize that sort of subject matter, let alone package it in pastels.
There is also the potential to create more value in the less-crowded markets.
She continued to smoke and eat generously.
In the European subspecies of this butterfly, both males and females have tiny pigment-containing beads in their top wing scales.
MOHEGAN LAKE -- "Fiddler on the Roof," musical by Jerry Bock, Joseph Stein and Sheldon Harnick; Spotlight Theater Company.
We can do business with this man."
A year later, after the development corporation assumed oversight of the project, it arranged for Mr. Paget to serve as outside counsel during the coming environmental review.
In New Jersey, Gordon Crawford, a real estate agent with Re/Max Properties Unlimited in Morristown, said about 10 percent of his buyers have been groups of family members buying together.
Dick Burbey, on the other hand, is clearly in the outdoors camp.
Even if replacement cells should also fall victim to the disease, he said, they may buy the patient extra time and be a valuable treatment.
Human rights leaders in Damascus say the numbers are likely to be higher because most families are too afraid to report the arrests to their organizations.
"This is really not a case of 'not in my backyard,' " said Mayor Nick Langella.
“More people should have unconventional marriages.” She said her mother, who was also known as Susie, wanted to be known for who she was, especially as her father’s wealth and fame grew.
Nicaragua is no stranger to American visitors with grandiose plans.
Mr. Bell, 62, gave up the post of chief executive to Mr. Roth in January 2005 after two years.
Mr. Sullivan's masterly, cadenced production is filled with the silent ceremonial bustle and surface numbness that Emily Dickinson describes in her poems about houses where someone has recently died.
They still bicker affectionately over the smallest things, like how old they are.
A stipulation by the Renco Group, filed in United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Ohio, in Akron, says the company has more than enough "cash, securities and other assets" to cover all benefits owed to the workers.
Chronicles" seems to announce itself as belonging in the burgeoning genres of the humorous how-to guide or chick-lit.
We are not talking here about the breeding of prize cattle."
He said, what are the odds of that?
Alice Cooney Frelinghuysen, the curator of the show at the Met, says that although Tiffany took some of the furnishings from 72nd Street to his Long Island estate, others were sold after his death.
The judge's suggestion of a cease-fire drew mixed reactions.
RUNAWAY CW, tonight at 9, Eastern and Pacific times; 8, Central time.
Israeli soldiers fought Hezbollah guerrillas on the border with Lebanon amid signs that Israel was preparing a major escalation.
Spur: to mark cards with your fingernails.
8 p.m., the Chocolate Factory, 5-49 49th Avenue, Long Island City, Queens, (212) 352-3101; $15.
It didn't take me long to find a Pioneer unit that seemed to have it all: GPS voice navigation, a huge 6.5-inch touch screen, CD player, AM-FM radio, and compatibility with satellite radio.
Service to be held on Wednesday, October 25 at 9:30 am at Temple Emanu-El; Fifth Avenue between 65th and 66th St. in the BethEl Chapel.
Patients considering ending their lives under this law are often depressed and would benefit from psychiatric consultation.
He quickly progressed from minus 2 goals, the rookie ranking, to minus 1 goals of a possible plus 10, the highest ranking.
This was a Baryshnikov White Oak piece, and David Leventhal, ballet-trained, was first-rate in it, both technically and in terms of projecting the properly Pierrot-like personality.
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration has plans to fly the shuttle 17 times before the end of the program in 2010, which requires returning to the steady launching rate disrupted by the loss of the Columbia in 2003.
West’s diamond discard was displeasing.
In a correction posted online, the journal said that the paper's abstract — or summary — should no longer claim that Vioxx causes heart damage only when it is used for more than 18 months.
Its director, Joel Sachs, is a longtime presence on the new music scene, a diminutive man with open ears and a deep commitment to music of the moment.
Photo: Dirk Nowitzki of Dallas driving against Michael Finley during San Antonio's 91-86 victory.
None elaborated on their reasons for having held back.
It is a trick to make a colored world, which does not exist outside of human beings."
Sony says a full charge is good for four hours; an AC charger and a car charger are included, along with an easy-to-adjust bracket for windshield mounting.
It was in the face of those tactics that King decided to lead a march from Selma to Montgomery as a protest for the vote.
The thump of music emanating behind him fills the streets and people stream by, stopping to take pictures.
But stranger still is that these actions were not really out of character with the impact of the protection act.
At first, "5 Streams" seems a bizarre mix of ingredients, incorporating Kathak dance by Parul Shah, performing by the modern dancer Arthur Aviles, an interactive sonic arboretum created by Norscq and DJ Spooky (Paul Miller), and video by Marc Perroud, with space and costumes designed by Xavier Hool.
In a more pointed statement Thursday, Horacio E. Gutiérrez, Microsoft's associate general counsel in Europe, said there was collusion against the company.
Once the material hardens, workers use rudimentary tools like tweezers to pry out the buttons.
At pandora.com visitors are invited to enter the name of their favorite artist or song and to get in return a stream of music with similar “DNA,” in effect a private Internet radio station microtailored to each user’s tastes.
Light duty is now available for non-job-related conditions in some circumstances, but it's still entirely up to the supervisor.
Decades of management experience told him this was his quickest road home.
Morgan Stanley intends to open a prime brokerage office in Sydney later this year.
In an interview this week, Dr. Fernandes looked at the small tents pitched by protesters and said she thought of the contrast with her own vision for the university, which she sees as "one big tent for all."
“I focus on the image at first, but by the end it disappears for me,” he said.
Juniper rival Cisco Systems recently closed its $5 billion acquisition of Scientific-Atlanta, a move that gave it a major presence in the market for television set-top boxes.
Rublevsky gave a beautiful example of positional play in his encounter with Dmitry Jakovenko in the eighth round.
"This time, things are very different, and it won't be easy for Microsoft to compete as it has in the past," said Scott Dietzen, president and chief technology officer of Zimbra, a start-up that uses Ajax technology to make e-mail systems.
The gang leader, Mickey Stone (Adrian Lester) believes in karma and jinxes.
Mills, a founder of the brotherhood.
(Dargis) * 'PRIDE & PREJUDICE' (PG, 128 minutes) In this sumptuous, extravagantly romantic adaptation of Jane Austen's 1813 novel, Keira Knightley's Elizabeth Bennet exudes a radiance that suffuses the movie.
As baby boomers approach 60, some have decided it is time to have the cars they craved when they were 16.
Mr. Becker agreed, pointing to last year's closing of 17 Main, a jazz club in Mount Kisco.
The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note rose to 4.62 percent from 4.59 percent the previous week.
"We have the same agent, so I had a little heads-up on that and an understanding of what maybe makes him tick.
HaydnGoSikh One of the things I thought we had learned long ago, even in commercial radio, is that you can indeed play most anything and everything, but that it absolutely cannot be programmed randomly.
I fully expect them to be very strong the last 10 games."
Recently, an 80-year-old woman arrived at the clinic just before closing time, asking to see a doctor.
In the case of potential avian influenza infecting humans, containment will depend on our ability to detect the disease and then rapidly introduce antiviral therapy and vaccines.
In 1950, the country spent less than $100 a year — or $500 in today’s dollars — on the average person’s medical care, compared with almost $6,000 now, notes David M. Cutler, an economist who wrote a wonderful little book in 2004 titled, “Your Money or Your Life.” Most families in the 1950’s paid their medical bills with ease, but they also didn’t expect much in return.
True, McGuane has made his own donations to the stereotype, though mostly by writing up to the standards of his pedigree.
Two show old structures, untouched, stretching as far as the eye can see.
Judging by the applause, it's safe to say that much of the audience was already familiar with this still-unreleased material from the currently unsigned band.
"I have to look sharp at 4 p.m. and at 1 a.m.," said Mr. Michel, 35, who wears mostly Paul Smith and A.P.C.
What the show provides, in place of inspired architecture, is a window on a dystopian future.
No baby quail, no baby bunnies," Mr. Woodard said.
A year and a half later, this February, she had an infected tooth extracted.
's critics of having a "herd mentality" and overlooking significant steps toward financial stability.
In those families, even if the household doesn't run like proverbial clockwork, the essentials happen: groceries are shopped for, and sick children are picked up from school.
For one thing, the Austin, Nichols owners bitterly opposed the designation, hoping to add a rooftop addition for condominiums.
It will start with Irish breakfast, $12.95, served from 11 a.m. until midnight Friday and Saturday, and until 10 p.m. on Sunday.
Taking in the children brought joy to the Ploss home, a counterbalance to the sorrows.
East won with his jack, cashed the spade ace (declarer unblocked dummy's king) and played a third spade to South's queen, West pitching a diamond and a heart to give this position: Now declarer led the club nine.
Susan M. Varlamoff Athens, Ga., Feb. 1, 2006 The writer is a program coordinator in the Office of Environmental Sciences, University of Georgia.
She worried that she might be regarded as too old to write contemporary songs.
Keith Jackson, the storied voice of college football, is calling it quits, declining offers from ESPN officials to keep him at ABC Sports.
"I'm going to take a gamble.
They are sent to market after 13 weeks, compared with 5 to 6 weeks for industrially produced poultry.
Perhaps the truth hurts, as it was obvious from the audience's reaction that the media lack self-awareness.
It takes only a moment to figure that out.
We greatly benefit when books like "Harry Potter" and "The Da Vinci Code" and "The South Beach Diet" come out.
They were recovered from 2000 to 2005.
But the well was drilled inside a building at the plant, and there are no wells in the area used for drinking water, plant officials say.
A provided map clearly lays out the paths.
Indeed, the only person who could drink Cava with impunity, in this poisoned environment, appeared to be King Juan Carlos I.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
She is survived by her sister Olga Kupchin and two nieces, Mary Pohli and Joan Mahony.
It was like stepping all the way through winter into spring.
Federal spending for both research and treatment, meanwhile, is $1.2 billion annually.
The health of the individual was linked to the success of the war effort and to the advancement of democratic ideals.
A Makeover and a Reunion for Barbie and Ken Like a publicist trying to revive the moribund career of a Hollywood star, Barbie's manufacturer, Mattel, is pulling out all the stops to put her back on her feet after her sales have flagged.
Each dancer has a personality, with signature movements, although there is no narrative as such.
Separately, six men working for American forces on Afghanistan’s eastern border were killed Friday by a roadside bomb on their return from delivering aid to a village.
But perhaps the best idea for relieving stress is also the simplest.
For years Piper was the pet project of the American and British psychical research associations, which paid her a wage to make her less susceptible to fakery (though that strategy would seem to carry its own risks).
(Johnson) Galleries: SoHo 'THE GARDEN PARTY' This crowded group show on the theme of the erotic garden looks as if it were produced by a college fraternity for its spring festival.
So proud, in fact, that he tells the tale twice in what is, after all, a rather modest compendium.
Students pay a little more for convenience: iPod Shuffles cost $80, compared with the usual $69.
Ms. Conigliaro said in a research report last week that “of more concern will be the very real possibility now that this could precipitate management changes and add more uncertainty to a company that has already decided to provide less detail and no targets.” In reporting its results, the company also broke with its tradition of having the chief executive, Kevin Rollins, or its founder and chairman, Michael Dell, holding conference calls with journalists and Wall Street securities analysts.
If it were up to me, I'd rename it Remembrance Park.
and seat belts very early in December," he said.
I was told six months, I came back at eight, and it was still very tough.
Binford had married the first boy she ever kissed and had gone wandering the country, teaching transcendental meditation.
Busch then said he had no hard feelings for Harvick, with whom he has had other confrontations.
"It is government policy and more local government involvement that is needed," he said.
"And yet, despite the fact that the commission found significant problems, the expedited removal process has been expanded over and over again."
(Not to mention extremely orgasmic.)
He has not played since Jan. 10.
Here is the brutal truth of where we are in Iraq today: After three years, more than $300 billion and thousands of U.S. and Iraqi casualties, we still do not have an Iraqi government or army that could hold together, without U.S. help.
And she said that the tuition the school had been receiving annually -- about $1 million -- was not covering the budget.
And while he is being challenged by Mr. Lamont, no Republican candidate has emerged so far.
Mr. Botha, who had been chief financial officer at PayPal, was by then a partner at Sequoia.
Both run through May 7.
Dr. Charles Reynolds, the lead author of the new study, said in an interview that the type and amount of psychotherapy that study participants received after they first recovered -- one session a month, focused on managing personal relationships -- might not have been appropriate, given their age.
Like "The Kite Runner," Mr. Hosseini's new book is set in Afghanistan and will delve into Afghan history through a story of "family, friendship, faith and the salvation to be found in love," a news release said.
works with regional groups, the I.R.I.
In the evening, when Martin returned, Solly immediately went and lay down on the sofa in the sitting room.
The best option would be to create an Independent Budget Office much like the Congressional Budget Office.
For all its speed and efficiency, with hundreds of protesters being removed from their camp on October Square by the riot police in less than 25 minutes, the action seemed to have done little to break the opposition's will.
One rule advises: "Preserve the president's options.
(Photo by Chitose Suzuki/Associated Press)
Perhaps he is a Method actor in the making, but in this “Nutcracker” he ran himself ragged to be the best Fritz he could be.
Because of an editing error, a Political Memo on Friday about rivals' efforts to discredit Andrew M. Cuomo in the race for New York State attorney general referred incorrectly to the political career of one rival, Charlie King.
Maybe this is the year.
Dr. Evans is survived by his wife of 62 years, Florence Richey Evans; a son, Dr. Michael B., of Chicago; a daughter, Dr. Pamela G. Hook of Belmont, Mass; four grandchildren and three great-grandchildren.
"We are grieving just as much for Officer Toro as we are for Officer Hernandez," he said.
Like many native-born Rapa Nui, he wants the Chilean role restricted.
The small size of the index and the way it weighs individual stocks limits its utility, analysts and academics that study the stock market say.
WITH: Victor Garber (Ron Trott), Kerr Smith (Tom Nicholson), Eamonn Walker (Luther Graves), Rebecca Mader (Alden Tuller) and Katherine La Nasa (Suzanne Fulcrum).
But I don't think our viewers really care if something is scripted or not.
The document, filed Friday by federal prosecutors, asserts that David H. Safavian, the former chief of the General Services Administration who is under indictment, learned in November 2003 that four subsidiaries of Tyco were about to be suspended from obtaining government work.
Seeking the unilateral cuts sets up a confrontation with Delphi's two big unions.
“You’re too indecisive, but I guess that’s normal,” he observes with a tinge of bitterness.
You can save $200 off that price by signing up for Cathay Pacific's free Cyber Traveler program on its Web site, but as with most air passes, there are some extra fees that can add a few hundred dollars to the final total you'll pay.
3 1 COBRA II, by Michael R. Gordon and Bernard E. Trainor.
“There is some virtue in museums not being alike because people travel so much nowadays,” noted Sir Nicholas Serota, the Tate director.
"I gave him the facts."
The cause was congestive heart failure, said Dawn Lea Chalmers, a second cousin.
"But we had no sales to the federal government.
This is not at all to equate the Islamists’ violent and disgustingly anti-Semitic reaction with misguided — and frankly, heretical — American evangelical imperialism.
The more Iraqi Shiites are empowered in a democratic Iraq, the more Iranian Shiites will ask why they don't have the same rights as the folks next door.
But if the president was determined to project cheer about cutting his losses, the uproar over the ports has set off bleak assessments from both parties in Washington that the White House has lost its focus, energy and political touch.
“When you are at Amazon.com you are actually there with 10,000 concurrent other people, but you cannot see them or talk to them,” Mr. Rosedale said.
"Warehousing of data requires the allocation of enormous resources," John D. Ryan, the chief counsel of compliance and investigations at the AOL unit of Time Warner, said in his statement.
Critics of the proposal say it could encourage rogue nations to pursue nuclear arsenals and would set a particularly bad precedent in light of the administration's effort to rein in Iran's nuclear ambitions.
It features one- and two-bedroom apartments, concierge service, a fitness center and a hotel-style lobby.
Both candidates, multimillionaires, financed their own campaigns to the tune of a combined $75 million, so much of the attention was centered on how much they spent rather than on how much they raised.
You can't run Windows and OS X simultaneously, so you can't cut and paste data between the two operating systems or even get access to the same data.
But after some highly publicized e-book devices failed to take off in the late 1990's, those long-held hopes have remained elusive.
Who would oversee such an undertaking?
True, since the author, now 62, regularly refers to such once-mythical but now obscure figures as Zsa Zsa Gabor, Yvonne de Carlo, Elizabeth Berkley and William Faulkner , it is not certain that the intended reader will understand all the references.
That said, I simply do not agree with Hirshman that you can address and fix this inequality by telling women to get full-time jobs, marry less ambitious or lesser-paid men (though it’s a lot of fun to see women’s faces when you make the suggestion), or, most absurdly, have only one child.
Died on October 30th, 2006 at her home in New Suffolk, L.I.
Apparently, what with classes like special education and Spanish, such a wealth is available to the pocket-size scholars of Hastings that there just aren't enough hours in the day.
were threatening the well heeled and well organized, people who demonstrate at the State House and make campaign contributions, there would be needle exchanges wherever needed.
To the Editor: Re "And if It's a Boy, Will It Be Lleh?"
“If they want to have herb-baked chicken five days a week and then fried chicken on Sunday as a treat, I don’t think you should write anybody a ticket,” Ms. Reynolds said.
It said Deutsche Bank was not responsible for the collapse of the entire group, but had breached its obligations to one of its subsidiaries.
Mr. Cummings said he was up for that task.
Those buildings were overassessed, the department said, but it concluded that lowering the assessments would be subject to legal challenge.
But it looms large in the rupture with the Chandlers, both because they are calling for its spinoff and because Mr. FitzSimons's background is in television.
Mike and Bob Bryan won the doubles match for the United States.
I was honest with myself.
But the new government said the appointment would stand.
The middle relief, in the person of Tanyon Sturtze, made it worse, turning a one-run deficit into three.
In the Spingold Knockout Teams, the semifinals, being played on Saturday, were to finish early Sunday.
"That barely covers everything," Mr. Trag said.
And he builds the brand of Yucaipa."
He was distracted, quietly picking a piece of tape with his name off his cane."
Few writers could, for instance, imagine the well-pressed customers at a restaurant in clinical terms that are also oddly lyrical, as Eisenberg does in "Like It or Not": "This aggregation of hairy vertebrates, scrubbed, scented, prancing about on hind legs, was ruthlessly bent on physical gratifications -- tactile, visual, gustatory, genital.
The situation in Mississippi has become so bad, said Marcia Robinson Lowry, the executive director of Children's Rights, that the state deliberately (and unlawfully) diverts children from the child welfare system by failing to investigate reports of abuse and neglect.
And that was the beginning of the end."
"He sits and thinks what might be interesting marriages."
That may be a tall order for New York's Legislature, but this is a big hole in the reform agenda.
Grilled fillets of ostrich were served with an olive tapenade and a fig compote.
Considering that many other car rental companies already impose similar terms on their drivers, it may be.
Khaled, now 16, was himself detained by Israeli troops two months ago.
He looks like a man that one might find playing shuffleboard on the Lido Deck of a Carnival cruise ship, and yet he has a lengthy rap sheet that includes selling everything from stolen air-conditioners to illicit Peruvian passports.
The idea that the United States is a hegemon more benevolent than most is not an absurd one, but there were warning signs that things had changed in America's relationship to the world long before the start of the Iraq war.
“You were saying — about your mother,” she said.
Lawmakers there, and the governor, are finally on notice that the mayor will do what it takes to get the billions of dollars overdue for school construction.
92, of Miami, Fla., formerly of Tamarac, Fla. and Roslyn, N.Y; passed away peacefully on June 13, 2006.
When a high school friend saw it, he ran into the hospital hallway and passed out, Corporal Schilling said.
Have you driven a Ford lately?
The 24 cases together constitute the largest child sex crackdown ever in Suffolk, the police said.
I sip the water that is freely dispensed, splash a bit on my fingertips and dab it onto the small of my back, which has been acting up a bit lately.
Deutsche Grammophon, using live recordings by the orchestra, will release four concerts a year, probably through iTunes and perhaps through other Web sites, said Zarin Mehta, the orchestra's president.
"It takes a tragedy, unfortunately, to toughen these laws and to pass them in the first place."
He added, "I've had no conversations with him."
"This creates confusion and problems for patients and pharmacists alike."
"Faced with shrinking space, we decided to discontinue that feature," Patrick LaForge, a deputy metro editor, said in an e-mail.
WRAP-UP/HOMEWORK: Complete your encyclopedia entry using the guidelines provided in class.
In the funniest number, "My Husband's First Wife," from the 1929 show "Sweet Adeline," a second wife tartly describes her impossibly perfect predecessor.
"I tried to make one more surge forward," White said wistfully.
And this boxed set, which conceals the discs under a fake piano keyboard, is a reward for longtime fans, not a lure for potential ones (though surely even longtime fans would have appreciated a lyric sheet).
Four of the five patents were issued from 1994 to 1998.
It came amid a rowdy atmosphere on Court 13 that sometimes turned edgy as some of Djokovic's fans in the stands shouted "Osama" as Goldstein threw up the ball to serve.
We will love and miss him always.
Lawmakers said they might spend at least $1.1 billion more next year on schools across the state, but they did not detail how much of that would go toward the city's schools.
Vocabulary: tamp, domestic, impose, warrants, hashed, negotiations, disclose, reasserting, surveillance, certify, abdication, bipartisan, codify, accord, digest Extension Activities: 1.
The large $2 dance halls along Roosevelt Avenue in Jackson Heights -- including the Flamingo, the Casanova nightclub and La Romantica -- attract young men (no female patrons are allowed) in dress shirts who rush to dance with a roster of young, attractive women who work there.
Executives of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which operates the three airports — La Guardia, Kennedy International and Newark Liberty International — say they fear that the increasingly crowded airspace could crimp the region's economy, driving some business travelers and tourists to other cities.
The fitness industry has been tapping into the children's market in earnest over the last couple of years.
"We're going to wait and see where the game reviews come in, but we believe it's a great game," Ms. Schachter said.
"This is a very ridiculous story," said Fatma al-Zahra Atman, the Foreign Ministry spokeswoman in Cairo.
Shakespeare Theater Grant The Royal Shakespeare Company has been given $35.1 million toward the $175.5 million reconstruction of its theater in Stratford-on-Avon.
But nothing on paper was shown to us."
People prefer to ponder the heroic aspects of the profession: brilliant diagnoses and miracle cures, life-saving surgeries and wondrous new vaccines (or, on the other hand, the snippy specialist who is never around and is a jerk to boot).
One thing you can't do is legislate integrity."
Mr. Colton, the president of Global Telesourcing, a provider of customer service, sales and technical support to companies trying to reach Spanish-speaking consumers, says he has difficulty trying to book a hotel room or find a place for dinner in Buenos Aires.
Placed LHP Chuck James on the 15-day DL.
"None were reserved; none were purchased," said Mr. Cunningham.
Paul Chan's "2nd Light," a floor projection similar to his contribution to the Biennial in its dreamlike intimations of disarray and mayhem, forms a kind of horizontal gateway to the galleries, creating a fitting sense of disorientation and foreboding.
Despite a rising stock market, Ms. Luhr said that more than half of those surveyed said they had "become much more conservative in their investment approach over the past year."
Cherished son of the late Edward M. and Helen Carney.
The renegade, upstart Chiefs have struck fear in the hearts of the establishment Packers.
The very see-and-be-seen Post Bar, (65) 6877-8135, a swanky watering hole at the Fullerton Hotel, 1 Fullerton Square, www.fullertonhotel.com, was the mail room of the former general post office.
A higher-caste man, he killed, raped and robbed in this community of Dalits -- those at the bottom of the caste ladder -- and the police paid no attention.
In a separate development, nearly all the 137,000 Palestinian government employees received their overdue January paychecks on Thursday, Palestinian officials said.
More Companies Ending Promises for Retirement 2.
"I view it as a union card," Mr. Cohen said of the C.P.A.
"It certainly stands out, and that's what people want."
A Memorial Service will be held in the future.
Fairfield, in fact, is a growing destination for movers from closer-in suburbs such as Westchester.
You can have it right now, if you follow these simple directions.
Unfortunately, the promoters -- Major League Baseball and the players union -- left themselves open to second-guessing by hiring nonscale American umpires.
In a decision dated May 26, Judge Gerard Lynch of Federal District Court in Manhattan said the policy was not unconstitutional.
The shares have remained virtually flat since Mr.
When Abraham Lincoln issued a call in 1861 for 75,000 men for what he estimated to be a three-month tour of duty, thousands of New Jersey men came forward, exceeding the state's quota.
That was on top of a return of 26.55 percent last year, according to the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts.
The company also granted him an additional 22,675 shares, worth about $117,000, and options to buy 4,450 more.
Jones understood the professional brushback pitch by his former teammate, saying later, "He was trying to make my eyes open and expand his strike zone."
An equally central value is that we must not judge each other on the basis of opinion or strong feeling rather than evidence of actual conduct."
They must register with the authorities and pay taxes, and they receive health insurance.
Ms. Wasserstein drew on her own experience as a smart, well-educated, funny Manhattanite who wasn't particularly lucky in romance to create heroines in a similar mold, women who embraced the essential tenets of the feminist movement but didn't have the stomach for stridency.
Obviously, the committee has a worrisome amount of power and the process is too rapid.
Coach Yeng Guiao said he did not think the team was good enough to win a championship with the 24-year-old Greer, so the Barakos replaced him with another player from the United States, the 29-year-old James Penny.
When the trade -- the fourth of five in his career -- was completed, the Ducks were on the road in Detroit and Ozolinsh and his wife were in the process of closing on a house in South Florida.
You state that Democrats are spending too much time on economics and not enough on values.
And some of them are still irritated that her husband, former President Bill Clinton, signed a bill in office banning federal recognition of gay marriage, and suggested that gay marriage was an issue that contributed to the defeat of John Kerry, the Democratic presidential nominee in 2004.
While each dancer, wearing Naoko Nagata’s Indian-inspired costumes, possesses absolute focus, there isn’t nearly enough variety in the warriorlike lunges, jumps in place and athletic partnering.
While tying his shoe, he loses his classmates.
"It may take some time to achieve the final wording, but we believe that goal is attainable."
Only about 2 percent of people born in 1910 could expect to reach 100.
Ground control is in Darmstadt, Germany.
AMENITIES There’s no gym and there are few fancy services, but the hotel’s three bars take care of entertainment.
Late in the book, she describes hissing a furious expletive at the TV when Senator John Kerry referred to her as a "lesbian" in the third 2004 presidential debate (she prefers referring at arm's length to "my sexual orientation," as if it were an intransigent military position, perhaps, or a pesky shadow she just can't shake).
Mr. Bush's entry into the campaign season does entail some risks for his party: While Republican candidates are eager for his help raising money, some have been distancing themselves from him politically, mindful of his lackluster standing in the polls.
A lot of people are angry about the change.
The Pinnacle model has been to purchase what it refers to as distressed properties — typically apartment buildings that have numerous code violations, are in poor repair, and house many tenants who are behind on rent.
Arena will name his final roster on May 2.
Judges Garza and Wiener were appointed to the appeals court by the first President Bush.
Other regulations remain in effect.
From January on, there's been a considerable degree of constancy."
Paul Egensteiner, a Lutheran minister, is to officiate at a private residence in Nantucket, Mass., that the bride and bridegroom rented for the wedding.
"It definitely helped me be the player I am today."
As a Shenzhen official candidly told The Beijing Youth Daily, "The main function of Jingjing and Chacha is to intimidate."
The Hotel Valley Ho in Scottsdale also gives guests 20 percent off one spa treatment per stay.
You won't find a knockoff of this watch on the corner.
It's part of what makes this an exhilarating play to perform.
Station, a local club where gays and straights alike gyrate to earsplitting rhythms on the cramped dance floor.
In the case of Ms. Warley, she said in an affidavit that paying for a lawyer in New York, in addition to Mr. Townsend in Houston, "is quite likely to exhaust my financial resources, including everything I have put aside toward eventual retirement."
She is the daughter of Cynthia and Richard Blumberg of Monroe Township, N.J.
Woods brushed aside Mickelson and the rest of the field with a three-birdie streak on Nos.
A priority now for many nonprofit institutions is to assume the role of the "convener," as it is called, and L'Alliance is moving in that direction.
"I'm not a celebrity," he said, "but I have a lot of celebrity friends."
In lieu of flowers, donations may be sent to The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society.
"This orchestra has been extremely important in my musical life.
BARBARA CARROLL (Sunday) Even when swinging out, this Lady of a Thousand Songs remains an impressionist with special affinities for Thelonious Monk and bossa nova.
And for some reason, he just knew it: He was done.
For the museum's 10th-anniversary celebration, Crispin Porter & Bogusky rebranded the Wolfsonian the Museum of Thinkism.
At one point while developing google.cn, Google considered blocking all sites that refer to controversial topics.
A glance at his biography reveals why: Mr. Kinch grew up in New Orleans, a city that dotes on the nutty flavor of browned butter.
New Yorkers, naturally, provided their own eccentric chorus.
“Justin has been one of the most visible spokespersons for winning with integrity in the sport of track and field, and throughout his career he has made clear his willingness to take responsibility for his actions.” Gatlin’s association with Graham has always been problematic.
They would simply move the battlefield to our own shores."
title game against the Seahawks.
Granting India a loophole that damages a vital treaty and lets New Delhi accelerate production of nuclear bombs makes no sense either.
Residents are faithful to the small retailers and boutique owners who pride themselves on personal service.
Queens, NY (718-896-9000), at 12 noon, Sunday, October 29.
Here is where the Olde Stone Mill needs to return to the drawing board and pay this historical landmark its due.
About 45 minutes after the couple left, the doctor said, he called Montefiore to make sure the couple had complied.
In reality, reflecting where power truly resides at the United Nations, the 191-member General Assembly ratifies a name selected by the 15-member Security Council.
Surely Ms. Zhang will gain gravitas over time.
Tony and Richard are taking care of each other now.
Olive, a cello band called Uccello and Constantinople, a period-instrument ensemble that specializes in early music from Europe and the Middle East.
Congressional conservatives are already vowing to push through a law barring assisted suicide.
“Now I’ve seen it over 100 times.
"I made a lot of decisions not viewed positively by people, too," Mahre said.
And those who are leaving often have good ideas about what it will take to keep the best workers.
At least 120 of Mr. Palmer's customers checked into hotels, he said.
Hughes, Ferry's biggest free-agent acquisition, has returned after missing 45 games with a fractured finger.
And while naturally missing the profundity of his later music, it offers flashes of what was to come in masterpieces like his final symphony, No.
“My only son, my only son.” This is how the crisis in Congo kills, with the most banal weapons: a gantlet of hunger and disease that, here in the country’s unstable east, kills one in four children before the age of 5.
Its headlights, still bright after all these years, stare ambiguously across the tangle of streets at a slick, two-story advertisement for a brand new Jaguar, now owned by the Ford Motor Company.
"It's not easy to score 50 anymore," Jagr said.
The Chambers' next venture, an outpost in downtown Minneapolis to open this year, will feature the works of the London bad-boy artist Damien Hirst.
At the game with her husband, Pete, and her golden retriever, Laramie, Lang braced herself for a frenzied finish.
The History In the 1960's, Robert Moses, New York City's planner, suggested building a bridge to connect Oyster Bay with Rye, N.Y., to make it easier to drive to New England from Long Island.
For one day only, homebuyers will have the opportunity to save $50,000 to $150,000 on selected homes, including immediate move-in homes and new construction.
But you don't evolve by exchanging one surface treatment for another.
ANNE MIDGETTE The next performances of "Tosca" are Wednesday at 8 p.m. and Saturday at 1:30 p.m. at the Metropolitan Opera House, (212) 362-6000.
The researchers are still trying to refine the process, both to increase contrast and to extend control over the lifespan of the print process.
Then she rattled off statistics: "Harvard has had 22,000 applications so far this year, Yale over 20,000, Cornell, 28,000.
The equivalent amount of natural gas runs about $9.
"It's just, they don't know how to talk to each other."
Afterward, he felt relief, unburdened.
Mr. Lahr found strong traces of the influence of Odets's language on playwrights as diverse as Williams and David Mamet.
"It was an ingenious move to put Brother Hudlin in the top creative spot," said Michael Eric Dyson, a professor of humanities at the University of Pennsylvania, where he teaches a course on hip-hop culture.
The investigation is being directed by Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, and Senator Max Baucus, Democrat from Montana, who are the chairman and ranking minority member, respectively, of the committee.
This artistic hybrid by Wallace Shawn and his brother, Allen, is a drama about the making of an opera that features -- are you still following?
Jamesport managed the wood in a way that gave just enough depth and complexity.
Still, it is a blessing that neither Everitt nor Goldsworthy sings the familiar dirges, de rigueur in so many popular books about Rome, for Augustus’ principal victim: the dubious liberty of the Republic.
Yet she doesn't urge Israelis and their supporters to question the legality of Israel's occupation of Palestinian land and the construction of the wall.
The Yankees got on the board in the fifth.
They know they can lie with impunity, because two or three days later certain stories are off the news cycle and no one really remembers what they say.
She looks at Miss Dog.
HOUSTON - FOR nearly a decade, Paula H. Rieker methodically worked her way up the ladder at Enron's investor relations department, and early in 2000 she was promoted to the department's No.
There is also rice for risotti (including the sought-after carnaroli), a better than average collection of international olive oils, and a truffle salt from Italy; add a block of Parmigiano-Reggiano, and you have instant dinner.
Despite this, Kanfer’s book solidly conveys the excitement and impact of Yiddish theater, not to mention its long shadow.
His father is an orthodontist in private practice in Narberth, Pa.
"We believe India presents an extremely compelling investment story," said Karamjit S. Kalsi, a senior Morgan Stanley real estate executive, "and expect to be a long-term investor in the real estate sector.
Correction: Oct. 25, 2006 A film review in Weekend on Sept. 29 about “Little Children” referred incorrectly to the filming of its scenes.
"A further spurt in energy and commodity prices," he said, could be passed through into core inflation to a greater extent" than has occurred recently.
Either way, as Doria stops lamenting and starts living, the reader can’t help cheering.
Elton John's songs were called "unrelentingly saccharine," "banal" and "virtually undistinguishable," and the show's book cursory and jumbled.
Mike Murphy, the men's lacrosse coach at Haverford, said that when he speaks at high schools, he often tells the athletes to avoid recruiting services.
The cheaper PC's will be available in a couple of months and will be sold by Indian computer makers including Wipro, HCL Infosystems and Zenith Computers.
"There is a procedure in place, but it's very, very rare that someone wants to leave," she said.
Eggplant in garlic sauce with chicken was strangely light on eggplant and heavy on chicken.
"Also," he said, "if you look at movies and books and television, many of the most successful properties are set in normal contemporary situations.
It's not just the hardware — the tallest building in the world (for now), Wi-Fi coverage over more than half the city and a speedy and expanding subway system — that is sophisticated.
They found undisclosed tenants, building violations and liens on properties.
Mr. Cossin played both original keyboard lines on MIDI pads — electronic drum pads set, in this case, to produce keyboard timbres — mounted vertically at his sides.
When Ross talks today of operating on two tracks, it's not children's science and grown-up car sales he has in mind.
William F. Woo, the first Asian-American to be the editor of a major daily American newspaper, The St. Louis Post-Dispatch, and the first person outside the Joseph Pulitzer family to be at the editorial helm at that paper, died Wednesday at his home in Palo Alto, Calif.
But five years later, NBC forced him off the baseball beat, replacing him with Joe Garagiola a month after Mr. Gowdy called the 1975 World Series.
Mr. Buford takes the abuse and, one glorious day, dares to turn a couple of lamb shanks that his increasingly sensitive nose tells him are done.
Sitting on a wooden bench outside an Oslo courthouse before yet another wearying pretrial hearing, Mr. Hojem Ervik tried valiantly to put a positive gloss on the situation.
Perhaps Congress should take time out from mangling the budget to contemplate what its tooth-and-claw behavior has wrought in skewing one of the few bits of innocent fun in Washington.
The cellphone user sends a text message with the code word to the number.
8 9 COLLAPSE, by Jared Diamond.
Mr. Lantos said the decision "projects a picture of profound weakness in U.S.
Glenn S. Meyers, chief executive of MyTriggers.com, said this cost-per-action advertising approach also yielded a better user experience, since shoppers were shown products most relevant to them — not simply the items from the highest-paying advertisers.
Against the wishes of his conservative father (Tony Plana), who urges a secure future in the lawn-care business, Santiago follows the advice of a talent scout (Stephen Dillane) and heads to England for a tryout with Newcastle United.
Yet Mr. Bramson takes office at a propitious time for the city, despite its recent history, with development projects under way in many sections.
It became a warren of wide-open loft apartments.
Winning in 2006 will make it harder for Democrats to address their long-term structural problems.
The local holy men were unenthusiastic about Patrick's zeal and brought their own powers to bear against him.
Kennan raised the question of how to gain Soviet acquiescence in the process and urged negotiation, even while the ultimate structure was being built.
A nearby celebrity journalist bravely told Ms. Steinem that he supported her.
Maybe it will dawn on them that they need peace as much as everybody else does, presumably.
But the villas themselves, which dot the countryside across the river from the majestic San Juan de los Reyes monastery, have changed considerably since El Greco, who was born in Crete, settled here among the Spanish elite.
He is a seven-year veteran of the Nassau restaurant scene who previously ran the Mediterranean Kitchen in Bellmore and the Istanbul Kebab House in Lynbrook.
Likewise, Mr. Hunter plans a follow-up to his bill.
She says she has finished about 40 in various media so far.
Or, better put, (who knows what the future will bring?)
"It was seen, and correctly so, as a major event on the labor-management scene."
HOW TO GET THERE China Southern Airlines flies to Guilin a few times a day from Hong Kong.
Enthusiasts hope that the siblings will not only draw more television viewers but also inspire them to take up the sport.
NOWADAYS, he is expansive, even on his own frailty, including his fight against prostate cancer eight years ago.
The opponents are loosely organized as the Sound Alliance in Connecticut and as the Anti-Broadwater Coalition on Long Island.
officials said the timing of their move had been merely coincidental with the merger deal.
Dalil Boubakeur, head of France's Muslim Council, called the caricatures a new sign of Europe's growing "Islamophobia."
The author writes of the Rev.
Massachusetts has more than its share of political egos per capita, so one of the most surprising aspects about the measure this week to create near-universal health care coverage is that it involved the cooperation of virtually every political stakeholder in the state.
Finally, he hugged his father.
ABN Amro Rothschild and Goldbond Securities were joint global coordinators and bookrunners for the offering, which yet again highlights strong demand for Chinese consumer concept stocks.
He reassembles these parts in configurations that look almost but not quite functional, and he outfits them with rows of glowing light bulbs that enhance their spectral, theatrical qualities.
The table of contents in Pierce’s collection portends glib, gimmicky spoofs (“Columbine: The Musical,” “Wrestling Al Gore”).
SLAP SHOTS By reaching 40 goals on Saturday night, Jaromir Jagr became the first time Ranger to score at least 40 goals in a season since 1995-96, when Mark Messier had 47 and Pat Verbeek had 41.
The three are known informally as the Wrong Gallery, after a doorway-size gallery they started on West 20th Street in Chelsea, which has since moved to Tate Modern in London.
“That night,” the surgeon said, “the patient arrested in the I.C.U.
To be reimbursed, he found out, he needed to have reported the loss to a tour guide or representative and to have obtained a written report.
Time and again his ambition outstrips his source base.
Oliver Patton, Alexandria, Va.: I have followed your campaign for higher fuel taxes with great interest.
But if they associate the brand with the first time they saw Teddy Geiger's eyes — well, you can't buy that kind of thing!"
Their mastery of subliminal design may be unsurpassed, even in Vegas, the Renaissance Florence of the art.
He's the surfer-dude hunk who has been haunting Times Square since 1999, wearing nothing but his skivvies and a cowboy hat as he mugs and plays guitar for tourists' tips.
Day 1 of our course feels like starting public school all over again, right down to the awkward small talk that my fellow students and I make as we shuffle into the parlor for our first lesson.
The results are a cluttered interface that can make navigating the offerings perplexing.
Mr. Othmer, who used to be an executive at the advertising firm Young & Rubicam, has obviously heard or delivered his share of baloney-laden lectures.
But executives who attended the conference said they were encouraged by the recent relaxation of restrictions on American food exports to Cuba and the implications of Chinese rigs searching for oil this year in Cuban waters off the Straits of Florida.
I found the duster at a nearby boutique, tried it on and loved the swing and weight of it.
She said she had donated $35,000 over all to the two causes.
If you have the right clearance and the right skills, you are in an enviable position."
The quarterly revenue slightly surpassed the Wall Street consensus of $11.6 billion, as compiled by Thomson First Call.
The mentors get $10 an hour (and sometimes course credit in psychology) by helping students on the spectrum make small talk, date and get consent at every level of romantic advancement.
Still, the programs do present a chance to see, in a modest but visible way, that a degree yields a mix of personal and public payoffs.
In its search for the soldier, the American military has singled out the Mahdi Army militia, which has grown increasingly fractured but still answers in part to Mr. Sadr.
At the Club Bamboo Resorts (2502 Gulf Drive North, Bradenton Beach; 941-778-6671; www.clubbambooresorts.com), formerly the Econo Lodge Surfside, you'll pay as much as $264.
WRAP-UP/HOMEWORK: Once groups complete research, each compiles the information on index cards in outline or bullet-point format.
A 12-person committee analyzed the careers of the 39 candidates across two days.
But each earbud also sprouts a weird dime-size metallic circle that protrudes from your ears and may generate some comments from onlookers.
"Suffolk County has been a receiving area for senior citizens for some time, but the numbers are increasing," said Roy Fedelem, principal planner with the Long Island Regional Planning Board.
How far do you think lawmakers and citizens should go to protect trees?
Police officials reported no fatalities on state highways over the Christmas weekend, down from a single fatality a year ago.
He was to have returned home the following month.
CHINESE contemporary art hit New York, en masse, eight years ago with a fireworks bang.
The Hope & Anchor is a good place to eat out (between the drag queens and the paint-stained new parents, it's shaping up as the Odeon of bayside Brooklyn), but there are times when a hash is best consumed at home.
Shrimp are cooked for 5 minutes "or until you get bored."
Michael Broder Brooklyn, Feb. 21, 2006 The writer is an adjunct professor of classics at Brooklyn College, CUNY.
Burson-Marsteller, the public relations firm, recently teamed up with the Economist Intelligence Unit to fill that yawning gap in human knowledge by surveying 685 "global business influentials" to rank the world's most-admired C.E.O.'s.
In this case, House v. Bell, No.
These nectars, it turns out, are not for bugs: at least two of the flowers are pollinated by geckos.
Years later, I was working at the double Dutch rope-jumping competition at the New York Coliseum.
The hotels will bear names you know: Four Seasons, St. Regis, Shangri-La, Conrad and Raffles for the high rollers; Sheraton, Hilton, Fairmont and Traders for the rest.
The towers will feature several terrace levels with greenery designed by the landscape architect Laurie D. Olin, he added.
One accusation in the lawsuit is that the village decided to go after Deepdale specifically because only one village resident belongs to the club.
The Zen Master of Homicide, as a girlfriend and colleague teasingly calls Harry, simply isn’t very good at following orders.
Whether By Land Or By Sea, The Road To Rajasthan Is Paved With Riches.
Their performances did not boost her mood.
"Apollinaris" is a video screen dark except for arcs of bouncing light that suggest falling stars or distant fireworks; gradually you realize that they are simply the effervescence on the surface of a glass of sparkling water.
A valued and respected faculty member at her alma mater, Abraham Lincoln High School, for over 40 years.
Some lenders, like myrichuncle.com, cut rates for top-performing students who are headed for lucrative careers.
The various reasons given by the workshop -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's coma, the election of Hamas, the circumstances of Rachel Corrie's death, the "symbolism" of her tale -- make no sense in the context of this play and the crucial issues it raises about Israeli military activity in the occupied territories.
I wouldn't want to have to arm-wrestle you.
After 20 years working in strategic development for Hewlett-Packard, he had time on his hands and terrain to conquer.
And he is perhaps less stimulating than the authors intend him to be.
E-40 breathed and let out his stomach.
Of course they're concerned about it."
Muslim groups in Denmark, and then across the Middle East, demanded apologies from the newspaper and the Danish government.
The hotel was part of the French-owned Meridien chain, and Ms. Saleh gaily remembered her old French friends, like Mademoiselle Dominique, in charge of housekeeping, and Monsieur Granier, the dapper manager.
But I am surely not the only listener who will remember the concert for the two contemporary works on its first half.
Sadr heads the so-called Mahdi Army, a militia notoriously prone to violence.
Mr. Vaile, who is also minister of trade, was asked whether he knew about the kickbacks and about his harsh rejection three years ago of public suggestions by American wheat growers that AWB was paying kickbacks.
"If the report says that the Rockleigh site is not feasible, we'll go from there," Mr. Hague said.
Earl Woods did not expect to see his son this week except on television.
"You know where they live," said Sonny Schreiner, a retired schoolteacher and now a hockey coach in Littleton, Colo., outside Denver.
The prosecutor, Jaafar al-Mousawi, shouted a harsh warning to Mr. Hussein.
Including them in the database, he said, is "the only way you're going to bust these indecent relationships of former Pentagon employees working for defense contractors and getting sweetheart deals from buddies inside."
"The wonderful part about pet insurance," he said, "is that I get to practice medicine."
“And there’s all this innovation that’s coming behind the flagship products.” Exchange is the server program behind Outlook, Microsoft’s desktop e-mail and communications software, which is part of the Office suite of products.
Both shows presented by the Hartford Symphony Orchestra.
The court found that neither Legacy nor the previous possessors of the recording held any legal rights to them.
Mr. Bowen's simple but sturdy songs provide a fine emotional backbone for Mr. Bell's wittily self-mocking book.
Party strategists said his decision not to seek re-election could ease the way for other embattled Republicans, with Democrats losing a prime target for their claims of widespread corruption.
The medication helped him focus.
Demand is so strong that some accounting firms are offering signing bonuses, often about $2,000, to lure accountants with at least three years' experience.
They would do more than just reclassify R & D. In a recent research paper, "Intangible Capital and Economic Growth," they agree with Ms. Okubo's team that formal, scientific research and development should be categorized as capital investment rather than as ordinary expenses.
I have never deviated from that.
Talk with people who have bought from the breeder.
Technically, he's not a statue; it is the seated bronze Ronald, of the kind occasionally seen welded to benches in larger McDonald's restaurants.
"We have an understanding, and we support them, but in this incident no intelligence was given," he said.
"I spent far too much time in the I. M. Pei office to think that way.
Both Vaill’s book and Jowitt’s are fresh, in that they rely not just on the Robbins archives and already-published biographies of others but also on the still-vivid memories of many of the same people who worked with Robbins.
After all, Mr. Richman noted, it will increase the local tax base by 1.5 percent.
She mentioned a typical case, a man rejected for a job at a baked-bean factory in Texas as a safety risk.
This comprehensive approach ensures that we preserve what’s distinctive about our great city for future generations, even at a time of tremendous growth.
Watching on the video monitor outside, I did not cough once.
Where would you like to travel next?
Indeed it was: after a few seconds, Ms. Cole laughed and reassured the crowd that she was only joking.
"It's the color of sex and fear and danger and signs that say, 'Do not enter,' " she proclaims as she denounces a pair of burgundy boots with a blatantly practical heel.
Lori Mei, the city school system's senior instructional manager for assessment and accountability, said the city stood by its figures.
The first talk, to Lehman Brothers, came just seven days after Mr. Greenspan presided over his last policy-making meeting at the Fed, on Jan. 31.
Mr. Pombo asserted that none of these were illegal or violated ethics rules.
SUSANNE BARTSCH, whoorganized the entertainment.
This satire of stage direction does not cover especially new territory, and it won't satisfy those who found Mr. Moses' New York debut "Bach at Leipzig" to be a collegiate exercise, but in the compact time frame of a one-act, it manages a beginning, middle and end as well as pathos, honesty and the kind of nimble wordplay that holds your attention.
It has all the things that you don't get in L.A. As told to Amy Gunderson
And with two teenage sisters, Clementine has not been lucky enough to avoid exposure to Lindsay Lohan wearing trampy makeup in “Mean Girls” or episodes of “The O.C.,” on which Mischa Barton sports low-cut lacy camisoles.
BARRY BONDS isn't breaking news in his ESPN vanity series, "Bonds on Bonds," which may be the best thing for a network partly divided by a debate over whether he is being paid by ESPN, through an outside producer, to give access that he normally would not give.
And instead of having to visualize each gene experimentally, everything is available online.
The next morning they can't recall the events but find a telltale messy kitchen.
But if he did accept the common people into his circle or reject his handful of upper-class advisers, he would be seen as encouraging naïve, unlettered toughs who were likely to be sycophantic and turn to violence when thwarted.
"I think she had to bank on the fact that she could connect in some way with her captors," said Jackie Spinner, a reporter for The Washington Post who was based in Baghdad until recently, and who has been a friend of Ms. Carroll.
"First of all, the demand for this stuff is so high, most people are not thinking at all about the walls" from a salvation standpoint, he said.
"Everyone's wearing jeans and sweatshirts.
It is well laid-out, with two entrances to the bathroom (from the bedroom and the hallway) and a separate kitchen with stainless-steel appliances.
The long shelf life is a clue that the meat has been treated with carbon monoxide.
Liberals don't have a script because they don't have a Reagan.
To pull the look together, the garden needed lipstick and jewelry.
In choosing him, however, his colleagues were clearly hoping to present to the nation a fresh face, albeit one not unfamiliar in Washington.
"My message to the Iraqi people is this: seize the moment."
Photo: Rescue workers continued digging yesterday in hopes of finding 65 coal miners who were trapped Sunday near San Juan de las Sabinas by a gas explosion and a tunnel collapse.
"When you see LeBron, you expect him to be great," Lieberman said, referring to the Cleveland Cavaliers' LeBron James.
(The cameras followed him out of the audition room, the better to make sport of him crying with his family.)
He laments the eclipse of the classic American sedan.
Nobody is discounting Miller's prospects of making a dramatic show at the Olympics.
There is still something incongruous about ballet dancers dancing classroom steps in toe shoes to rock music.
They then review Golden Globe nominees from past years and hypothesize on the country’s climate and mood during those times.
There is more of Thornton Wilder than Tom Stoppard in their wordplay and sometimes-cryptic exchanges.
The Postal Service has already distributed 250,000 of them.
Saturday's column mentioned that it is easier to find the right play for the correct reason after you have seen the full layout and can consider the problem at leisure, not under pressure at the table.
Baghdatis is well aware of the challenge at hand.
More than 30 years after David's extraordinarily rare disease was diagnosed, Dr. Whyte and his longtime collaborator, Dr. Rajesh Thakker of Oxford University, have come a crucial step closer to isolating a biological culprit, finding specific chromosomal abnormalities associated with X-linked hypoparathyroidism.
I also get people listening on the Web from all over the country and from overseas.
Two — Wisconsin and Illinois — prohibit concealed weapons altogether.
Net income for the quarter, which ended Feb. 25, increased 9 percent, to $197.9 million, or 67 cents a share, from $181 million, or 59 cents, in the period a year earlier.
Mr. Bell made its exhibitionism elegant and graceful, never overplaying his hand.
Dearest Gabe, each year we cherish and miss you more.
This year, early versions of the program listed an address that was to have been given last Thursday by Philippe Wahl, chief executive at Havas, which owns agencies like Euro RSCG Worldwide.
"But I learned my lesson."
ST. LOUIS BLUES--Assigned G Jason Bacashihua to Peoria of the AHL.
A group made up of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., Blackstone Group and Providence Equity Partners and a second composed of Bain Capital , Hellman & Friedman , Thomas H. Lee Partners and Texas Pacific Group are unlikely to make bids much above Knight Ridder’s current stock price, The Los Angeles Times said.
As written by Doug Carter Beane, Diane is a kind of she-devil, a power-loving villain.
"I think all week everybody has been talking about getting a matchup with A&M just because how we ended the game last time we played them," Tucker said.
Our deepest sympathy is extended to the bereaved family.
"There's green and not so green and shades of green," he explained.
Mr. Jackson, a boisterous man as big as a football lineman, has been cooperating with federal authorities.
He did not play until Sept. 12 last season because of knee injuries, but he hit 5 homers in 14 games.
So she did not hesitate to accept the suggestion of an Enron human resources employee that she accept a "temporary" layoff with a severance package.
Mr. Nott, who gave dazzling new-music performances in New York last spring with the Paris-based Ensemble Intercontemporain, is also conducting Strauss's "Alpine Symphony."
Prices for the houses have not yet been set.
"Coach stayed on me and never gave up," Hollins said.
Devoted father of Clare, Catherine and Courtney.
Officer Hernandez remains in very critical condition, and so far the police say they have rounded up four of his six assailants.
Played just as the crowd's $7.50-a-cup Champagne buzz was kicking in, the tour-guide ballad "New York State of Mind" garnered the expected results: on the downbeat after the chorus's proud resolution, as Mr. Joel pumped those ascending piano chords and the saxophone howled, the crowd bellowed its devotion.
He scored 13 points in about 33 minutes, leaving him 15 away.
Friends and colleagues mourn his untimely passing.
Company records show, he said, that more than 800,000 people who live within a 50-mile radius of Atlas Park shop for Coldwater Creek products either by catalog or through the Internet.
It had been a shootout, an offensive football game.
Cuban officials are trying to court American petroleum companies to produce oil in the nation's territorial waters after succeeding in attracting exploratory investments from Chinese, Indian and Norwegian energy companies.
In Hoboken, N.J., using just his hands, Jose Gonzalez dug his 1992 Buick Skylark out from under more than a foot of snow at 4 a.m. yesterday, to give his wife, Margarita, a ride to her job at a Pathmark supermarket in Edgewater.
Judah's decision to fight at home might have backfired.
The spokesman, Jeff Schrade, said government agencies should treat personal data as "top secret information."
(The animals, though, are fenced off from visitors, Delilah excluded.)
They appreciate the fact that they are now not only encouraged to speak up if they are concerned about something, but also required to do so.
Type 2 was supposed to be an old person's disease.
The Israeli fence along Gaza's perimeter has three crossings: Erez in the north, for those going to and from Israel; Karni to the east, which handles cargo; and Rafah to the south, on the Egyptian border.
Some of the concert’s best moments wrapped those contradictory impulses into an almost confessional embrace.
They speak their own language, Baluchi, which has its roots in Persian, and are probably the oldest settlers in the region.
Designed by brothers Andy and Chris Vernall of London, who work under the name Vitamin, it surrounds the familiar round dartboard shape with a 32-inch square of printed felt over cork.
There are also taste and legal constraints, which cannot be ignored even in the age of "A Million Little Pieces."
Nothing could be more maddening that the slow, methodical drip, drip, drip of unflattering image and fact — especially when framed by the grave, reproachful voice-over of Will Lyman, a longtime narrator on “Frontline.” “Return of the Taliban ,” on PBS tonight, examines why the United States appears to be losing ground against Al Qaeda and Taliban forces in Afghanistan.
Funeral is at 12:30 Plaza Memorial Chapel, 91st and Amsterdam Avenue.
He had a practice of astonishing breadth on behalf of a roster of well-known clients.
Jagr has maintained that he does not consider himself a goal scorer.
Combination therapy, which is routine with AIDS and tuberculosis drugs, not only attacks a disease more effectively, but slows the emergence of microbes resistant to drugs.
He abused that trust, and now he is facing a storm of skepticism about his actions -- a storm that sweeps up everything, things related and not.
More than five million prescriptions for Ketek have been written in the United States since its approval two years ago.
and the grid portraying the images of saints that Warhol encountered as a child in a Catholic church, where he spent many hours a week.
His only harsh words were leveled at his alma mater, Princeton, which he called "a different world" even though it was 12 miles from his middle-class community.
The premium is set each year to cover about 25 percent of projected spending under Part B of Medicare, which has been growing because of increases in the number and complexity of doctors’ services.
She cannot afford either fee.
Anyone and everyone, or only non-Bell customers?
If It's Not One Addiction, It's Another What Volkow and other researchers can't yet explain is why we choose one particular manifestation of addiction over another.
Hanging about the walls were long knotted lines of the used pillowcases collected from previous projects.
“My only question is: why has it taken five years?” Dr. Thomas R. Frieden, commissioner of the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, said the city had been hesitant to issue guidelines until it had sufficient scientific evidence linking the dust to serious and persistent illnesses.
Like putting things in your hair?
"You want to come back if you can, and here we have the ability to do so, to regenerate them, pump them up again and give them some additional resources."
The nearby Bruce Museum of Arts and Science in Greenwich has even shown works from the secondary art market in New York City.
But Brookhiser has written an enjoyable and informative book.
Paul Krugman: If we got a news flash tonight saying that bombs are dropping on Iran, do you have any confidence that leading figures in politics and the media would have the courage to condemn the president’s action and question his motives?
It also makes industrial and surgical cutting tools.
We had stumbled across it online and were pleased with our neat and cozy room.
Beltrán, who injured his hamstring April 15 against Milwaukee, ran a few sprints, dashed around the bases and shuttled through some agility drills before the game.
Couture's playing field may just help widen Mr. Armani's imagination, and restore to his ready-to-wear a more real sense of surprise.
To hear riders talk about what songs boosted them to victory, what songs contributed to their falls makes it seem as if their tunes are as important as their helmets.
In addition, the United States -India Business Council and Indian American Friendship Council are also lobbying on the nuclear issue, and wealthy Indian-Americans are holding fund-raisers for members of Congress.
He was awarded an Honorary Doctorate by the college and will long be remembered for his dedication and service.
The American sponsors find it totally normal to make a contribution."
The Nikon system, called Vibration Reduction, or V.R., has two settings: normal and active.
“Exit” (opening at Film Forum this Wednesday) details the operations of the Exit Society, which facilitates assisted suicides for the terminally ill in Switzerland.
Hearst's agreement is for equity in MediaNews assets outside the Bay Area because it owns The San Francisco Chronicle and could come under scrutiny for antitrust violations if it acquired any additional interest in properties in the region.
There is a tendency to go for more serious films.
Mr. Corso is a fleshy man with slicked-backed hair and a lineman's build who would not look out of place beside the pool at the Bellagio with a cocktail and cigar.
His first writing room was in the bathroom of a tiny apartment he and his wife rented in Greenwich Village.
And it's an argument against big weddings.
"Some people would say, 'Come in with a flamethrower,' and others would take a more measured approach," Mr. Grey said in his office on the Paramount lot last week.
There's sunbathing and swimming along the Brita-clean Limmat, boating on the lake, biking through the orderly city streets, relaxing outdoor cinemas and a vibrant alfresco bar scene.
The diseased cells should also provide an excellent means of screening thousands of chemicals for new drugs.
The operations at the Natanz site were kept secret from the atomic energy agency and were not confirmed by its inspectors until February 2003.
My wife and I dined on a crispy roast duck and sauerbraten, both served with red cabbage by waiters dressed in lederhosen, though one admitted that he was from California.
Ms. Bostwick's fragmented architectural details are difficult to decipher, and even harder to summarize: the problem is that it is often unclear what they are or what they refer to.
In fact, cowboys would have to lasso me, drag me into the theater and tie me to the seat, and even then I would make every effort to close my eyes and cover my ears.
The company has had a licensing contract that includes McDonald’s Happy Meals that will expire this year.
Redfin has been financed with $1.25 million, with most of that coming from the Madrona Venture Group of Seattle.
But not all hybrids will get H.O.V.-lane access.
From their perspective, the Internet — as filtered as it is — has already changed Chinese society profoundly.
Their amateur sleuths and local police officers, charged with keeping the peace at home, are compelled to process even the gravest of national events through the prism of that hometown perspective.
What attitudes toward health and health service do the people in the story have?
Ogden missed a game for the first time this season last weekend in Pittsburgh.
Ms. Volta said concentrating on folding had a calming effect.
But after extensive renovations, he reopened last May, and unveiled his new idea: burlesque nights.
And yet there is substantial doubt within the medical profession about the efficacy of bed rest.
With a banquet in the Great Hall of the People, a roster of top-level meetings and fawning attention in the state-run press, China wants to win over Mr. Schumer and Mr. Graham.
If you read this lush, coffee-table format book in a linear, rather than browserly way, it becomes a rise-and-fall narrative.
We are accustomed to thinking of noncompliance as the patient’s fault.
Of Staten Island, on May 27, 2006.
It is perfectly reasonable to conclude that these standards are likewise not met by those who commit serious crimes against their fellow citizens.
The 6.2-ounce device, which has a list price of $1,080 and will be available later this month, sticks to your dash or windshield and picks up signals from the satellite-based Global Positioning System to give turn-by-turn directions in North America.
They got chased out of Syracuse.
"It was an incredible feeling.
Yet when Customs agents use hand-held radiation devices, which are supposed to clear false alarms by isolating the specific type of radiation, the standard procedure is to walk along the exterior of the container, rather than opening it.
He had an Ivy League education and lofty ambitions.
It was the first tie breaker in the contest.
There are cartoon balloons around the diagrams, but the captions themselves are not exactly rib-tickling: "Front yard must be at least as deep as an adjacent front yard."
Even his mother came around.
Recalled LHP Tim Hamulack from their minor league camp.
These are pretentious words from an online thesaurus, typed out in no particular order.” In “The Man Who Wrote on Beaches,” Donoghue drops humor so completely and adopts such a matter-of-fact Carveresque approach that it’s hard to believe it’s by the same writer: “The day he was 43, he accepted Jesus Christ as his Lord and Personal Savior.
Not having access to decent child care or affordable health care or good quality public education is not a question of attitude.
WHITE-KNUCkLE NEGOTIATORS -- Contract talks between one of the nation's biggest airlines and its pilots' union went into overtime as the company, Northwest, and its employees wrestled over how drastically the pilots' pay will be cut.
Gallagher also presents entertaining and enlightening stories about how people choose to organize their belongings and she ponders many related subjects: from the impulse to collect to the healing nature of gardens to the "dispiriting" experience of entering a home through "even the grandest garage."
Ann Williams Campbell and Brendan John Cahill were married yesterday in New York.
Around the same time, a book chronicling the building’s history is due to be published, written by a neighborhood architect.
Not a sovereign who could be said to be in hands of ministers, like Kaiser.
Written in pencil in 1923, the sheets, dealing with the first stage of "Finnegans Wake," were acquired by a British-based private collector and sold by Sotheby's, Agence France-Presse reported yesterday.
In one commercial, a woman does a victory jig when she finds out her Lay's potato chips are low-fat.
The son of a jazz guitarist, he began studying saxophone at 14, starting on soprano but switching to alto after a few months.
Dave Spackman, Sotheby’s International Realty Jackson Hole Brokerage.
The old perception of the suburbs and the new reality are diverging radically.
The play, ably directed by Lucie Tiberghien for the Labyrinth Theater Company, tells the intimate story of O, a widow played by Quincy Tyler Bernstine, who narrates the tale of her complicated relationships with two men.
Should the newspaper publish an apology to Muslims?
A1 Former Enron Chief Testifies Kenneth L. Lay, Enron's former chief executive, testified at his fraud trial, offering a vigorous denial of the federal charges against him, particularly those accusing him of conspiring to defraud investors after he returned as Enron's chief executive in August 2001.
Correction: April 22, 2006, Saturday An obituary headline yesterday about Scott Crossfield, a legendary test pilot who was the first person to fly twice the speed of sound, misstated his age.
A Taliban spokesman, Qari Yousuf Ahmadi, speaking by telephone from an undisclosed location, claimed responsibility for the kidnapping.
Their subjects are described on his group's Web site, nysia.org.
“The last thing we wanted to do was make a statement,” said Ms. Reid, a yoga instructor.
The agreement between the city and the developer, Aquatic Development Group Inc., would provide the company a 35-year lease on the property.
"We don't expect this to be the final word."
There had been speculation that the shift in strategy would result in Mr. Braun's leaving the company, but he vowed last week that he would stay.
star, grew up in Patterson Houses, a public housing project in Mott Haven.
The Night Hotel is at 132 West 45th Street; (212) 835-9600.
Outward physical health comes to seem more and more like a sign of inward moral corruption.
Harry Truman, the man Eisenhower replaced in the White House, was lucky enough to have a biographer, David McCullough, who followed Wills's lead, though with quite a bit more affection for his subject.
It’s like walking through a museum and being allowed to buy anything you like.
It must not permit the administration to launch another war whose outcome cannot be known, or worse, known all too well.
I remember how he sounded the night of the vice-presidential debate and how much of an old "fool" he appeared.
Humana, by contrast, is marketing itself as the low-price provider in most regions, offering premiums of less than $2 a month in several states, including Iowa, Minnesota and North Dakota.
"On Saturday they go shopping and they fill the fridge with produce and meats and they have every intention of cooking all their meals, but life gets busy."
Ms. Cohen of Merrill Lynch said she had lost count of AOL's various revival plans.
The building is not one of those cited in the city's disciplinary case against Mr. Scarano, and the project was issued a preliminary permit in January.
Mr. Toussaint called for a revote after the union made no progress yesterday in its efforts to reach a more generous agreement when officials from the union and the Metropolitan Transportation Authority met with state mediators.
Future episodes will include retellings of classic fairy tales, and old characters will pop in, including Professor Von Drake and Mickey's nemesis, Pete the Cat, though without his cigar.
But one thing bothers me about the tone of your argument, and it’s something that bothers me about virtually all of the debate about the Iraq War.
Alongside Emily at dinner were Sarah, John and Amy Hughes as well as Emily's agent, Art Kaminsky, and his wife.
just a way of influencing, buying a vote.
By nightfall, the girl's grandmother, Maria Gonzalez, stood staring at the coffin and the stuffed animals, flowers, ribbons and pictures that surrounded it.
But Ms. Charles said there are still people who prefer the counter.
While he initially refused to play one with Vladimir Kramnik, he later agreed to do so if conditions were met.
WHITE PLAINS - IT was shortly after 4 p.m., and the master of ceremonies took to the stage to ask the packed auditorium to pay brief tribute to the departing district attorney, Jeanine F. Pirro, as a prelude to her successor's swearing in.
In some cases, like that of the American grandmaster Nick De Firmian, it was an affair of the heart that drew him to Copenhagen, but he retained his original allegiance.
"I did my thing, and now they will do theirs."
And in this way many people develop a sense of intimacy within it, even trust.
In a telephone interview from London, Mr. Pawson said that Mr. Schrager wanted 12-foot ceilings.
GREEFF--Elizabeth D. Of Mill Neck, NY, (104) died peacefully at home on January 15, 2006.
And it raised suspicions that the elusive mobster had friends in high places.
The second shattered rule: “The four competitors in the $1,000-and-under digital S.L.R.
Ms. Montagne, while noting with some amusement that NPR now constituted a career path for some young reporters — including some who have listened to it their entire lives — said she agreed with Mr. Siegel.
And have we finally solved the mystery of which came first, the plucked victory or the snatched defeat?
This approach yields fresh insights.
On tourism Web sites, including hostelz.com and tripadvisor.com, one can find listings for buildings like the Dexter House, the S.R.O.
"Our hope is that the Voice of the Faithful would back away from its call for resignation and that the bishop would back away from issuing his ban," Father Brisotti said.
Some of its rooms are a bit worn, but the attached kitchenettes are handy, the surrounding gardens delightful, and the expansive views of the harbor trump any aesthetic deficit.
(The error also occurred in an article in Arts & Leisure on March 5.)
"What also drew our astonishment was that he described the security problems in Iraq as civil war at a time when our people have proven that they are avoiding sectarian war," he added.
If North is going to act, what should he do?
Actually, J. J. Redick, the reigning Duke men's basketball star, had already addressed the controversy, which he said involved several close friends, calling it, according to The Associated Press, "a sad situation" and "a big deal if it did happen."
"It's a family place, No.
She is asking each client to bring two single friends.
Her life was, she said, closer to "Celibacy in the Country."
The building is a masterpiece of simplicity of form and light, a sleek, four-story box with elegantly austere glass and gray concrete cinder-block walls divided by a central elevator bank and circular stairwell.
St. John's interest in Rohrssen led Pittsburgh to promote him to associate coach under Jamie Dixon.
After-tax money goes in, and distributions are generally tax-free.
Mr. Ikenberry said that he had had absolutely no discussion with the firm on the issue of voting Pfizer shares.
WASHINGTON - At the Bureau of Land Management, the question used to be whether to approve a company's application to drill for oil or gas on public lands.
We were less taken with a special of squid ink linguine with shrimp and clams; some of the clams were small and tender, others large and chewy.
They just seemed like a natural extension of Nancy.”
In this case, the study, the Women's Health Initiative, found that estrogen did not increase the women's risk of breast cancer.
earning 55 cents a share.
In "Alentejo Blue," Ali's characters are trapped in their own heads.
The only nongrandmaster in the field, Manuel Leon Hoyos of Mexico, 17, finished second to last.
The jury recommended a three-year prison sentence and $20,000 in fines for Mr. Fisher, who resigned in 2004 after his indictment and subsequent impeachment by the Oklahoma House.
He is survived by Gabrielle, his wife and companion of 63 years, by his son Jaime, his daughter Gaby, his granddaughters Allegra and Laura, and his dog Pucci.
The words, suggesting slippage of the earth's crust in eons past, would prove prophetic.
The second time Mr. Appeigyei saw her, he vowed, "I'm going to marry you," she said yesterday.
The production, the play's first, is to be staged at the Box, a new, as yet uncompleted theater on Chrystie Street on the Lower East Side.
He retired as the Fanny Peabody professor of music in 1984 but stayed on as a professor emeritus.
Peter Cane, a Manhattan lawyer, responded to phone and e-mail messages left at the number and e-mail address JT Leroy provided his editors at The Times.
As in any relationship, breakups occur.
But as patients become resistant to their first-line drugs, doctors must have new options.
"Snapple's hometown is New York City and we're proud of the work we are doing through the partnership and on behalf of New York City schools."
Hours: Mondays through Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Thursdays to 8 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Public library, Flinn Gallery, 101 West Putnam Avenue.
And there's plenty of time to read in prison.
MICHIGAN 71, MIAMI 65 -- Daniel Horton scored 19 points and Chris Hunter had 16 as Michigan advanced to the N.I.T.
Maguire, a freelance writer who specializes in culture and technology and recently published a book about spelling bees, paints a vivid portrait of Sullivan as a tough-minded micromanager who tightly controlled every aspect of his show, even telling Ella Fitzgerald what to sing.
"This is of great concern to us," the Brooklyn district attorney, Charles J. Hynes, said through a spokesman.
Rumors that he practiced cannibalism, human sacrifice and blood atonement rituals merely added to his mystique.
And our target is competitiveness."
Separating the local and express lines was deliberate.
Several cold ones were tasty, too, notably ceviche Ecuadorean style (with fresh lime juice, tomatoes, red onions, coriander and extra-virgin olive oil); fresh whole anchovies in fresh garlic and parsley (well prepared, without the bite and saltiness of the tinned version); and wood-roasted red piquillo pepper (stuffed with a mix of chicken, shrimp, nuts, saffron rice and aioli).
"Our biggest fear is that a slumlord could potentially own a building with 20 apartments in it and let it get run-down."
It would be too much to say that the building embodies the cold, remote, all-powerful parent who never gave him love or approval, but in an imagined conversation he tells his young self that he will go on to write a book and that "that book will be your long-delayed conversation with your father."
And earlier this year, LillianVernon.com , the housewares site, spun off Lilly's Kids, a site marketed to mothers who want to buy children's gifts.
Those who think we should go this route may not be idiots, but they are certainly wrong.
"I hope he doesn't dumb it down to sell it."
Now the race will go off without the riders who finished second, third, fourth and fifth behind Armstrong last year — including this year's favorites, Jan Ullrich of Germany and Ivan Basso of Italy.
Or does he think that rationalism is useless in the face of real-world violence?
He said the union planned to increase members’ dues by $12 million in 2007, $36 million in 2008 and $60 million in 2009.
He was not the source of the leaked document.
Much of its value is that it helps tomake up for a decided shortcoming of our nationalliterature, which has never sufficientlyexamined the radical politics of the 60's.
Nevertheless, step by step, through repetition and correction, progress was made.
Very well choreographed," said Ms. Clarke, who, as it happens, is also married to an actor, Jack Finsterer.
Geologists are still uncovering this ice, which was buried by so much insulating debris that it is still there more than 150 years later.
He is leaving because the job proved too far removed from his artistic interests, said Jazz at Lincoln Center's chairwoman, Lisa Schiff, in a letter to the board yesterday.
The interpretation by Mr. Kent, who is best known for ravishingly chic productions of classics ("Hamlet," "Medea," "Phèdre"), is more overtly theatrical, as is Mr. Fiennes's characterization.
A different article in the same issue, about going to college abroad, also misstated the name of the school.
"The Catch-22 is that agents like this one won't look at material that's unsolicited."
Low-wage workers in the private sector -- in restaurants, hotels, retail stores or the like -- have been unaffected.
A change in securities rules recently required many hedge fund advisers to register with the S.E.C.
The design made it possible to retrieve a complete set of his original data even if some of the disks that held portions of the data failed or went offline.
Over all it has a welcoming feel.
He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Miami and his master's degree in biological sciences from East Stroudsburg University.
The Sex Pistols released their first and only proper album, "Never Mind the Bollocks," in 1977, which means the band has actually had a shorter waiting period than any of its fellow inductees.
The Sentosa Resort and Spa, 2 Bukit Manis; (65) 6257-0331; www.thesentosa.com, is an unexpected low-rise treat just 10 to 15 minutes from the center of a city renowned for tall glass and concrete structures.
The audience — silent and rapt throughout the concert, which was presented without pause — provided another sort of catharsis with its explosive ovation.
In the same period, stocks in the Standard & Poor's 500 index have climbed more than 17 percent.
Anthony Coley, a press spokesman for the 59-year-old Mr. Corzine, confirmed that Ms. Elghanayan and the governor continue to see each other.
Twelve hours later, lungs became available, and she received her transplant at the Fairview center in Minneapolis, one day after being put on the active list.
"I don't know if we're flopping, but if we are, the officials are calling it our way."
"My aunt said, 'Tiffany Carting Corp.' It flows nice."
Inoue competed at the Olympics twice for Japan.
He is perhaps the Knicks' purest jump-shooter, converting 48.2 percent of his shots, while averaging 13.3 points.
"I feel great, because this is a reorganization of a totally dysfunctional system that exists in terms of Medicaid fraud," said Senator Dean Skelos, a Long Island Republican and the Senate's deputy majority leader.
The obvious one is purely a growth opportunity.
Über pipes a version of that channel into your computer, and -- as futurists have been promising for more than a decade -- it's interactive programming, the fruit of the much-anticipated convergence between the Internet and old-time television, that relic that some now witheringly call "linear television."
"These instructions are making it very difficult if not impossible for defendants to prevail in these types of cases," said Joel Androphy, a lawyer in Houston specializing in white-collar crime.
Among more than 50 people who called to help after the Times article was published, she said, were some who work for members of Congress from New York, like Representative Jerrold Nadler and Senator Charles E. Schumer, who wrote letters to Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
Some, including those who led efforts to pass the ban in South Dakota, said they considered this the ideal time to return the central question of Roe to the Supreme Court.
And yet I must confess, if I hadn’t been reviewing this book, I wouldn’t have finished it.
Like the chief justice, Judge Alito displayed an encyclopedic mastery of Supreme Court rulings.
The evangelical leaders are meeting Wednesday with senators or their staff members concerned with legislation on energy and the environment.
Adored grandfather of Amanda, Jason, Allison, Jessica, Lauren and Julia.
The eggs must be heated only enough to become custardy, without scrambling.
"He was drenched with sweat and started draping his wet clothes all over the room," Mr. Smith recalled.
But all the back and forth seems to be only compounding the pain.
positive, helps educate other prostitutes about AIDS.
But it's helpful to have been a passenger in a car.
The first one, on Jan. 25 at 7 p.m., will feature California wines from Porter Creek Vineyards with a six-course meal, $175 a person: (212) 780-0666, extension 40.
Go during the late afternoon and watch the sun set over more than 1,200 gumdrop-shaped hills, each formed by eons of coral buildup and erosion.
"You're not really ready," she said.
Cherished grandmother of Jessica, Jordan, Brendan, Samantha and Caitlyn.
A later riff invoked the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Red Cross, bemoaning deception and greed.
to be a fatuous and narcissistic pseudo-intellectual, obsessed with the media and self-promotion.
Mr. Thielen said Bertelsmann would achieve a 10 percent return on sales, compared with 9 percent last year, by 2007, when he is scheduled to retire as chief executive.
The Liberal Democrats, the smaller of two main opposition parties, campaign on their commitment to civil liberties and their opposition to the war in Iraq.
Do you tell your e-mail program to check for messages automatically every two minutes -- and then disbelieve it when it comes up empty?
Graveside service today, 1 PM, at Mt.
SIZE -- The island is about six by nine miles, about 15,000 acres.
The youngest writes the best stuff, and her round, imploring voice sounds spookily like Christine McVie's.
But Blu-ray and HD DVD provide more than double that total, 1,080 lines, plenty for most high-definition TV screens.
They are playing for the tradition of this school.
"I love them, they're great," said Craig Lee, a technical support specialist at a Chicago insurance company, who owns 40 Aibos.
To do so, these companies are fending off challenges from Internet publishers, both shoestring amateurs and well-financed professionals, that produce online guides.
Now, I plan to start my future career in India.” Go get ’em, Ilana.
Rabbi Alan B. Lucas Lawrence B.
Mr. Muller thinks they might be useful in a piece he's creating for a Mini-Cooper dealership.
I will miss him and extend my condolences to Lorin and the other members of his bereaved family.
"We don't have any questions about the quality of his work," Mr. Fauriol said.
Boutique hotels are wheeling out a suite of new design flourishes, from razor-thin televisions that double as dressing mirrors, to walls that vanish with the flick of a switch.
But Mr. Torricelli, in a public snubbing of Mr. Menendez, ended up supporting Mr. Corzine.
The editor and I were convinced we could do it with the old masters."
Only a fellow hydrophobe could feel what I felt.
Mr. Chertoff also spoke approvingly of "pre-emption," the notion that if federal chemical plant safety rules are adopted, they should be written in a way that will invalidate tougher rules adopted at the state level.
He left behind three sons, eight grandchildren and his wife, Alexandra.
My daughter asked if Otto could have a coat too.
Born out of wedlock, he had taken his mother's last name, and of her we knew little except that she died young.
Moral concern can rise when dosages do.
He has not been charged with any wrongdoing, but federal prosecutors have described him in court documents as having received gifts, trips and other things of value from the disgraced lobbyist Jack Abramoff and his associates.
Empires have been built on lesser principles.
Displaying a carefully calibrated mix of optimism about eventual victory and caution about how long American troops would be involved, the officials who marked the day -- including Mr. Bush, Vice President Dick Cheney and Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld -- sounded much as they had on the first anniversary of the invasion.
There will be a Memorial Mass at 11 AM on March 11 at St. Thomas More, 100 Park St, New Haven, CT. Memorial donations may be sent to Connecticut Hospice, 100 Double Beach Road, Branford, CT. 06405.
Among this show's non-Italian vistas, especially notable is an ecstatic, uncharacteristically sweet hillside view by Delacroix that dates from late in his career or from an 1824 trip to England, when he was thinking about Constable, represented here by a small study of an uprooted tree trunk.
Its Snapfish Web site already runs online photo service for Walgreens, Costco, OfficeMax and Albertsons.
But two were backed by almost 40 percent of the vote; one would have required separating the jobs of chief executive and chairman at the company, while another would have allowed cumulative voting of shares by holders.
For decades, Saddam Hussein controlled Iraqi television, as he controlled everything else.
"It's so early and we're closing this place.
The Coast Guard Foundation mourns the loss of Richard L. Fisher, patriot, benefactor, and cofounder of its Annual Tribute Dinner in New York City.
Thanks to the luminous grisailles of these smaller works -- especially the marble dust drawings -- the gray of the exhibition's title comes in a rather astounding range of shades.
The Psychology of Debt etween 1987 and 2002, the student lender Nellie Mae surveyed American students four times to get a sense of how much debt they carry and how it affects their professional outlooks.
"Morning Trilogy" went on to drift through waltz time and then a hazy slow section, ending on a pillowy yet disquieting final chord; it was a nice stretch for the orchestra, and an overall success.
Across the driveway from the one-story, glass and steel building are naked grape vines and sun-yellow mustard plants, used as ground cover for the vineyards.
Most officers would acknowledge that we cannot leave Iraq, regardless of their thoughts on the invasion.
"It's not the most attractive bridge," said Henry D. Perahia, the city's chief bridge officer.
Ms. Antonova expressed sympathy for her colleagues, but she also used the opening to lobby for the reunion at her institution of Russia’s two great pre-Revolutionary art collections, which since Stalin’s day have been divided between the Pushkin Museum and the Hermitage.
He said there would be no spraying on residential streets.
While the lounge and restaurant have been turned into a gallery displaying prints, photographs and other works, upstairs each of the eight individually designed rooms has also been decorated around the artists' works.
Maybe these young adults have concluded that these trends may cause stock market returns over the next 40 years to differ somewhat from those over the last 40.
The restrictions here grew piecemeal.
Nearly every page is riveting in "Timothy Leary," which unfolds like the great novel Sinclair Lewis might have written had he lived to the age of 120.
The Supreme Court decision ruled that long waits for various medical procedures in the province had violated patients' "life and personal security, inviolability and freedom," and that prohibition of private health insurance was unconstitutional when the public health system did not deliver "reasonable services."
Over the years, Mrs. Rombauer and later her daughter, Marion Rombauer Becker, enlarged the book into a kitchen reference that can help you do everything from mix a gimlet to purify water, both of which are helpful in an emergency.
A lot of photography at this point in time is about decorating.
Buyers and sellers are often reluctant to leave bad reviews, lest their own reputations suffer.
Dr. Yanoff was beloved and respected by all.
For full obituary go to www.memorialfuneralhome.com
“I just refused to walk away from it,” Ms. Smith said of Winvian.
Well, that depends on how many Academy voters have yet to make a mark on their ballots.
The other co-chairman, Michael I. Roth, left, will become the sole chairman while continuing as chief executive.
has estimated that Delphi's bankruptcy could cost it up to $12 billion.
"Man, I just wanted to kill you, I was so angry," he said.
A cordial acquaintance with Oscar Wilde's "Importance of Being Earnest" should probably be a prerequisite for participation in polite society.
With a large congregation of firefighters and police officers, the church has done its share of grieving.
From 1994 to 2004, the average age at which European women became mothers rose by about 16 months, to 28.2.
"I believe, as my father did, that any automobile should look like it moves and should exude elegant automotive sculpture to enhance its purpose," he said.
Creating a sponsored wedding requires more than the love of a future spouse.
Of course, at his age, you have to allow him his pleasures.
One of Dr. Stone’s slides summed up data comparing the fates of more than 1,700 patients who participated in four clinical trials.
Even Gaudí's Park Guell used leftover tiles for the vast expanses of mosaic.
Letters and Op-Ed submissions are invited; see the note on the right if you're ready to send one.
Zig, Toronto, owned by MDC Partners, is expanding into the United States by buying a majority stake in Hadrian's Wall, Chicago, which becomes the Chicago office of Zig.
The abstract sets are as haunting as ever.
But Toney landed 42 percent of his punches to Rahman's 30 percent.
Such "value-added products" were right in line with the postwar bounty of timesaving foodstuffs emblematized by the TV dinner.
A Baylor women's player, Carolin Walter, who has since transferred to Florida State, sat out more than 10 matches as a penalty for playing in a professional league, Knoll said.
Native of Bohola, Co. Mayo, Ireland.
Last season, Zambrano allowed 0.65 homers per nine innings, which ranked fifth among National League pitchers who threw more than 162 innings.
The radiant energy “gets reflected back by the plenum, flows out through a vent at the top, and pulls cooler room air in from the bottom,” Mr. Oyen said.
WITH: André De Shields (Lear), Jerome Preston Bates (Kent), Danny Camiel (Albany), Jaime Robert Carrillo (Oswald), Zainab Jah (Regan), Ty Jones (Edmund), Francis Mateo (Cornwall), Christina Sajous (Cordelia), Ken Schatz (Fool), John Douglas Thompson (Edgar) and Robyne Landiss Walker (Goneril).
Having come full circle now, he is -- like the city and its baseball team -- hoping for a revival of better days.
The Second Avenue Deli occupies an important niche in New York's dining landscape.
He is now scheduled to deliver it on Tuesday.
In the cafe, iced tea comes with ice cubes made of tea, and the steak tartare comes in a Mason jar of sorts, with mini-baguettes that you press into playful service as shovels.
Only in the last 20 years, as the wall of silence began crumbling, have researchers been able to document the Lebensborn program.
Both Mr. Sadr and the Supreme Council have formidable militias that have clashed in open street battles.
There are six principal performers, including Jarrod Emick (who won a Tony as the Faustian baseball hero in the 1994 revival of "Damn Yankees").
A Bosnian man was convicted on charges that he failed to admit on immigration documents that he was a member of a military unit involved in the killings of Muslims at Srebrenica in 1995.
“And Westchester hasn’t been a market driven by speculators,” he said.
(Scott) 'THE MATADOR' (R, 96 minutes) Pithy remarks put into the mouth of a star (Pierce Brosnan) playing against type impart a greasy sheen of sophistication to this weightless, amoral romp about a professional hit man facing a midlife crisis.
You smoke and sleep your way from one to the next.
Mr. Polidori stood near the corner of Law and Egania Streets where a plain, single-story cottage with a hole in the roof rests beside a telephone pole.
Forward Qyntel Woods, who had 24 points against Philadelphia on Saturday night, was also scratched late with a bruised left hip, adding to the misery.
Her husband, a businessman, died in 1991.
Figuratively speaking, the book's heroine, Melanie Thornton, might as well be throwing her beloved off a high cliff into stormy seas.
And to be fair, after years of criticism about the secrecy surrounding these money pools, a few items were actually identified this year -- $20 million for a cellulose refinery, for example, and $150 million to be divided between the Mets and the Yankees.
From 1980 to 2000, the percentage of minority residents in those suburbs doubled; black, Asian and Hispanic residents now make up a third of the population there.
In FAT GIRL: A True Story (Plume, $13), Judith Moore unflinchingly describes how her weight (the result of a miserable childhood) has made her a target for other people's prejudices.
To the Editor: Re "DNA Analyses Offer New Insight on Cat Evolution and Migration" (news article, Jan. 6): Your reference to "the most successful cat of all the cat that has induced people to pay for its board and lodging in return for frugal displays of affection" made me, as someone owned by two such cats, laugh out loud.
"As talented as I was, a clear coach could make profound differences," she said.
Beloved husband of Mary Anne (nee Nagle).
Hurricane Katrina did not reach Acadiana, and Cajun music may be making new inroads in the 21st century, since many New Orleans residents — musicians included — evacuated west into Cajun country.
Sellers, a warm, attractive woman, who in her jeans and bulky sweater looked more like a farmhand than a modernist.
But it was more than that.
Wandering through the ancient burial chamber had evidently moved Sisay deeply.
On the Senate side, Mr. Leach is counting on two Republicans, the majority leader, Bill Frist of Tennessee, and Jon Kyl of Arizona.
The Officers and staff of the Orthodox Union extend their deepest condolences to Past President Sheldon and Hedda Rudoff on the untimely passing of their beloved daughter, Shaindy.
They consider buying a home detrimental to their independence, as it tethers them to one location, squelching any youthful fantasy of a nomadic existence.
Telegenic and ethnically attuned --he is of Italian and Irish descent and his wife is Polish-American -- he says "thank you" in Turkish, Korean, Swahili and a couple of dozen other languages.
The news of Mr. Shende’s death brought his wife, Vandana, back home to Bhadumari.
Even though university officials insisted that Wooden's condition was not serious and expected him to be released from the hospital in the next two days, his health is always a concern.
But on Tuesday there was no split: he said he voted for Democrats for governor, the Senate and Congress.
"If you shoot the C.E.O., they'll hire another one," Duncan Watts says.
So, perhaps it is not surprising that now, when Japan is finally recovering, policy makers cannot seem to agree on what to do next, or even who has the final say in making policy decisions.
July 28 to Aug. 13; www.sferisterio.it .
"They make me feel like a prisoner in my own home," said Mr. Austin, who won't answer his door anymore when they knock.
Yes, globalization can produce homogeneity.
Recalled D Alexander Edler from Manitoba.
For the others, the scramble is on, as they try furiously to court party leaders and show their strength.
The House leaders also agreed to ask the Environmental Protection Agency to use its waiver authority to allow conventional fuels to be sold in regions where laws require cleaner fuels.
"I was at the fabric fair in Paris this year, where I go to get the fabric," he said.
If you want to consume more calories, then exercise more.
You may be forgiven for thinking "The Man of My Dreams" sounds like a boring book.
"If you want people to take diabetes seriously, you have to have an agenda of things."
Friday at 7 p.m. Tickets: $27 and $30.
Besides gasoline, the rise in the price measure was also driven by the cost of shelter: apartment rents, hotel prices and, most important, what the Labor Department statisticians call homeowners' "equivalent rent," which altogether make up about a quarter of the basket of goods and services used to measure consumer prices.
"It was a formal place -- everybody had to dress for dinner in a jacket and tie and a red or black belt around the middle," Pachachi said.
The raid was carried live on the evening news.
"They talk and talk about restructuring and expenses, but at the end of the day it's about the products you sell.
Bean, which has had its headquarters there since 1917.
"Builders have gone to great lengths to find talented architects to create homes where rooflines are broken by the interjection of other elements," she said.
Pressure for growth means some organic producers are achieving corporate scale, replicating the problems of pollution and disease that plague the overcrowded feedlots of factory farms, and require yet more land to raise more organic grain.
In recent days, several worshipers were killed during the pilgrimage, but a heavy security force patrolled Karbala on Monday and there were no reports of major violence.
That, coupled with a sense of a big moment at hand, motivated him to meet with other radio-show hosts and disc jockeys, who agreed to urge their listeners to turn out for a March 25 demonstration in downtown Los Angeles.
The artist's current, and even better, two-gallery show at the Project and Knoedler takes the reliquary idea further, making it concrete and intimate in new ways.
Former Vice President, Bank of NY, Wall Street.
I open the door, and it's like a best friend who never ages.
The house special is seafood del diavolo ($28.95).
As portrayed to a red-blooded fare-thee-well by Janet McTeer in the ripping production of "Mary Stuart" at the Apollo Theater here, the title character of Friedrich Schiller's 1800 drama is the kind of gal who greets a rainstorm with face to the sky, bodice open and arms outstretched.
The wunderkinder of recent note continue to bat their eyelashes and ply their considerable charms.
Gentle picking and kicking with axes and crampons allows passage up the dripping, creaking, cracking, moaning and everchanging frozen medium.
Legg Mason, the money manager in Baltimore, gave its chief, Raymond A. Mason, 70, a pay package worth more than $35 million for the fiscal year that ended March 31.
She collaborated with the architectural firm of Kahn and Jacobs in the remodeling of Saks Fifth Avenue, and advanced the use of fiberglass in interior design working with Edmund S. Twining of Owens Corning Fiberglass, whom she later married, following the death of Mr. Twining's first wife.
Michael J. Rosenberg Chevy Chase, Md., Feb. 22, 2006
"It's a good term, 'grandfathered,' because those folks were preserved at a wage-and-benefits level that was essentially twice the market," Mr. Glynn said.
Net income increased to $1.02 billion, or 60 cents a share, exceeding analysts' estimates.
A spokesman at Elmhurst said the women and children were transferred later yesterday to Jacobi Medical Center in stable condition.
The two complexes, built under the state's Mitchell-Lama program as subsidized housing for moderate-income New Yorkers, had been so poorly managed and had fallen into such disrepair that the state took control of the buildings in the late 1980's, and the tenants began a 15-year campaign to stop vandalism of elevators and playgrounds, clean the place up and eventually own it.
She seems indignant, for example, over the use of donor pelvises in a laparoscopic gynecological surgery training seminar.
to underscore his snub by the 2008 United States Olympic team.
"We decided that this year, we'd just do what we wanted and hoped we would at least be proud of it, even if it never saw the light of day."
Sure, there are lots of other problems in the U.S. education system.
Because there was lamb fat as well.
This was arguably the pivotal moment in her life.
That basket of shares would have cost $12,731.50.
Leibniz thought so, and many others agreed -- like the bishop who denounced Spinoza as "that insane and evil man, who deserves to be covered with chains and whipped with a rod" and the Jewish community of Amsterdam, which excommunicated him.
Hemant was recalling how she had obtained hers -- or, at least, the dazzling choker she was now laying out -- the old-fashioned way: by trading cows.
Perhaps their divergent styles are never more evident than in how they approach a downhill race.
In late July, when Jane Landers and her husband found their US Airways flight canceled, they sprinted to the ticket counter and were told they were “lucky” to find an afternoon flight — the next day.
A Verizon spokesman, John Bonomo, said the number of subscribers is now much higher but he declined to be more specific.
Since leaving home in August 2004, Mr. Robin has raised more than $125,000, through a Web site, www.tour-chloe.org/us, and from firehouses in Europe, Australia, New Zealand, Chile, Argentina and, in the United States, from Miami and points north.
He was a member of the City Opera family for many years, and, as such, we benefited greatly from his many kindnesses, as well as his patience.
The staff at Assael International Inc. $(6$)POSIN--Esther Sarah, died at her home on November 2, 2006 after a long illness.
As of last month Orlando is the only location up and running and is expected to continue as the national program is rolled out.
IN order to level the playing field among property owners and cut down on the number who were filing grievances, Nassau was obliged by the court settlement to reassess 360,000 residential properties in less than three years.
SNOWBIRD, UTAH -- National Gelande Championships, Snowbird Ski and Summer Resort, Highway 210, Little Cottonwood Canyon; 800-232-9542; www.snowbird.com.
It seems ridiculous to refrain from spoilers when this story is a chestnut of American history and will end only in a roast turkey, but the details of the Pilgrims’ crossing — what they ate on the Mayflower, how cramped it was, who was born en route and the astronomical cost of the voyage — have surely escaped your memory and are in any case thrilling to see rendered in living color.
Produced by Next Entertainment in association with Warner Horizon Television.
There are enclaves of smaller houses that serve as entry points into the community for newcomers and, more to the point, into the excellent school system, which is one of the town's biggest draws.
The proposed rule would provide new data for states to use in their calculations, redefining the ''average manufacturer price'' for brand-name and generic drugs.
Will they even be able to eclipse the Evil Empire?
The theme, hovering somewhere around the unreliability or manipulation of memory, just needs a bit more underscoring.
One reason Pixar has produced such a string of hits is that the organization has learned how to hang together under the pressure.
It centers, figuratively and literally, on the infamous Broad Street pump.
If your baggage disappears completely, you have to deal with the airlines.
She added, "In the end it really is the writer's responsibility."
It will be difficult for the police to dare to say the military was involved."
We shall all miss you.
The local efforts have made a difference, Mr. Goldin-Dubois said, "in the states that have aggressive ethics laws; truly independent commissions that have the powers they need to investigate, subpoena and set penalties; in states with strict reporting requirements; in states where they have banned gifts and travel."
A born-and-bred New Yorker, he grew up for the most part in a brownstone in the East 60's, where his father was happy connecting to nature simply by sitting under the two large trees in their backyard.
The former police chief of Sacramento was named police chief of Camden yesterday.
"The Legislature should adopt nonpartisan redistricting."
That’s because the record-breaking deal for a stake in the General Motors finance unit is so sweet.
In Afghanistan, because of limited educational resources, Shugufa attends school only part time (12:30 to 4 p.m.), and there is concern that the Taliban’s influence will be felt again, keeping girls out of the educational system altogether.
"We are optimistic, but we are realistic about where we are," Aikman said in a conference call with reporters.
"For Republicans, it would probably have come back to bite them if the only thing they had was the negatives," Mr. Dowd said.
Period.” I told her I was determined to go hunting, now that it is the “hot” thing to do.
Although all the study participants were women, the colon cancer and heart disease results should also apply to men, said Dr. Jacques Rossouw, the project officer for the Women's Health Initiative.
A dagger () indicates that some bookstores report receiving bulk orders.
The families have said they would agree to release the nurses and the doctor if their request was satisfied.
The applause was hearty, and many in the audience immediately stood after each piece.
“She had done what she could to keep ordinary family life going,” Davey writes of Jo, after the failure of her marriage.
"A lot is riding not just on the meeting," Mr.
It’s safe to say that most American Jews aren’t familiar with this directive, whether or not they take their kids to the lake or the pool.
Even more striking, the substance sharply extended the mice’s lifetimes.
Among those seriously wounded was former Senator Bob Dole, then a second lieutenant with the division though not himself a skier.
In 25 seasons as head coach, Vaught took Mississippi to 6 Southeastern Conference championships and 18 bowl games.
Now, in very different gallery shows, Ms. Holzer concentrates on other people's words and modes of presentation that feel familiar, if not a little tired.
But as a space for showing and viewing art, it underscores what is most troubling about many modernist buildings.
That a person can so totally and suddenly misplace his identity -- much as one might lose car keys -- is the stuff of thrillers and nightmares.
As a boy, Mr. Dutchin seemed decades older.
I'm not a physicist, but if I were putting money on the table, I wouldn't take those odds.
Combating such practices can save patients from dangerous health care providers and businesses.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg declared, "We, as a city, have failed this child."
Those lacking sea legs can visit the Planting Fields Arboretum State Historic Park, 409 lushly landscaped acres of a former Gold Coast estate in the village of Upper Brookville, whose parking lot fills even in cold months.
Mr. Noyes, 91, and his wife, Werneth, 90, heard about the effort to restore the Griswold house, took their mirror off the wall and brought it down the street.
There were the themed drinks: Manhattans and electric-green Big Apple martinis.
At this point, the problem for consumers is figuring what portable media player is right for them and where to obtain content.
With a few clicks of his computer mouse, Mr. Beltram can reprogram the 1,790 slot machines on the casino floor, adjusting the denominations required to play, payback percentages, even game themes.
Pair on a challenge more daunting, perhaps, than any on “The Apprentice”: a meeting with city housing officials to try to obtain a certificate needed to allow the conversion of a former single-room occupancy hotel into luxury condo apartments.
Of course, among academics there is no absolute consensus on any of this -- not even a consensus about whether there is a consensus.
SOYER--Catherine Cay, 71 on October 8, 2006.
"This, too, will pass," Mr. Rumsfeld said during an interview with Rush Limbaugh, the conservative nationally syndicated radio host.
There are five salami varieties: salametto, a sweet, garlicky small-diameter sausage; nostrano, bigger and bolder, with a more peppery personality; gentile, sweet and mild; soppressata, another big salami, very meaty and fragrant with cloves; and toscano, aged with an alluring smokiness.
The injuries were minor, the police said.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Southampton Hospital, Southampton Fresh Air Home or Memorial Sloan-Kettering.
This is not what most people noticed of course.
Memorial service will be held at a later date.
Selling products online comes naturally to him.
“Many people are completely unaware of the fact that nearly all homeowners’ insurance policies in New York have very significant wind deductibles,” he said.
One month before his self-imposed deadline in 1994, Dhurandhar received a job offer from Richard Atkinson, who was then at the University of Wisconsin, Madison.
The main proposals in the budget include: An increase in military spending of $28.5 billion, or 6.9 percent, to $439.3 billion, and an increase in financing for programs directly related to domestic security, about a third of which are outside the Department of Homeland Security, of 3.3 percent, to $33.1 billion.
All told, he did 15 books, most of them for the Sierra Club, and contributed to 70 others.
The bridegroom, also 50, is an associate professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering at Princeton University.
But the culture of 'limpieza de sangre' " -- blood purity -- "admits no such pollutions."
Deep within the park rose a Chinese caprice (Chinoiserie was all the rage) with fake mountains, bridges, dragons and a tiny village of peaked-roof houses.
Second Stage Theater, 307 West 43rd Street, Clinton, (212) 246-4422.
There is not space here to enumerate everyone who is skewered by the versatile Mr. Freeman, whose impressive 2001 play, "The Death of King Arthur," was an iambic-pentameter treatment of the Arthurian legend, staged outdoors.
But while most companies would be proud to trumpet record profits, Exxon Mobil did everything it could to play down the news.
And Kodak's EasyShare online photo service, formerly known as Ofoto, is a leader in that field.
"The other woman looked very nervous," Ms. Fiekowsky recalled.
Thus far, Mr. de Villepin, whose poll ratings have collapsed recently, has been the main target of criticism by the law's opponents, and Mr. Sarkozy has said little about its merits.
Mr. Bush also said he favored doubling the number of peacekeepers operating in Darfur under United Nations control, as proposed by the Security Council last month.
Japan, which prides itself on having what it calls the most stringent food safety standards in the world, stopped importing American beef in late 2003 after the discovery of mad cow disease in a dairy cow in Washington State.
Jennifer Jason Leigh leads a superb ensemble cast as a party hostess who wields the gin bottle like a deadly weapon, resulting in an evening of savagely funny chaos (2:15).
In an interview yesterday, Ms. White recalled that her husband had complained that the history of the ancient world "was being taught vertically, but it ought to be taught horizontally."
The Imperial Hotel and Restaurant (208 High Street, 800-295-0014; www.imperialchestertown.com) was built in 1903 with a double veranda overlooking High Street.
" What makes the situation worse for the Astros is that Bagwell has been the heart and soul of the team.
And “pizzas are made by human beings,” said Tim McIntyre, a Domino’s spokesman.
After interviewing a number of fund industry professionals and fund auditors, the researchers concluded that it "is the norm in the U.S. fund industry."
South Africa, he said, was engaged in a “total war” and must develop a “total strategy” to fight the battle.
Instead, Banjo gets a typically maternal, hilariously anticlimactic scolding: “Don’t eat that, it’s been on the ground!” With those words, Melvin disappears into a tangle of tall grass, free at last, and Banjo goes home hungry, though a treat awaits him on the table.
Gene X makes a protein that turns off Gene Y. Gene Y makes a protein that turns off Gene Z.
Should you find yourself in a beachly setting when a storm cloud rolls in, experts advise that you get out of the water and off the beach as quickly as possible; sane counsel, I'd say, in any sort of weather.
Some of the humor tries too hard for its own good, but the concept works, people sing well, and the stage is fun to look at.
"You have to be a certain way all the time," Officer Fernandez said.
12 9 10 THE TRUTH (WITH JOKES), by Al Franken.
Officials agreed to make the course more difficult.
The comparison exaggerates because fixing the problem will not require nearly as much labor as Y2K, for which programmers had to comb through millions of lines of software codes in decades-old programs.
Now Mr. Larkin, a retired New York City police officer, tries to go up at least one week a month.
Travelers on JetBlue are simply offered unlimited amounts of cashews, pistachio biscotti and four other snacks.
(Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson, by comparison, played in 21.)
"We just live in a culture that values speed and efficiency and wants to see complex problems resolved in half an hour," she said.
On Sunday evening Ms. Robinson was heralded by the company’s artistic director, Judith Jamison: “She’s our gift.” Lovely in Geoffrey Holder’s pale flowing gown, Ms. Robinson first appeared in an excerpt from Carmen de Lavallade’s “Sweet Bitter Love,” a work about a love affair gone awry.
The ALEXANDER STRING QUARTET's binge will cover five closely joined evenings at the Baruch Performing Arts Center, ending May 1; the EMERSON STRING QUARTET will be playing out of Alice Tully Hall and stretching its five evenings to May 14.
The text calls for a report back to the Council on whether Iran is cooperating from the director general of the nuclear agency, Mohamed ElBaradei, "within a short time frame" after the statement is adopted.
The program's musical director, the ubiquitous and gifted Ted Sperling (orchestrator of "The Light in the Piazza"), conducted an eight-member ensemble that included violin, cello and harp.
Knight Ridder is attractive largely because its newspapers remain profitable despite the current environment of declining industry revenues.
But dermatologists say that many night creams do not offer much value, especially given the substantial investment required for so many of them.
Ms. O’Connor’s new album is “Over the Mountain, Across the Valley and Back to the Stars”; it’s her third full-length album and her first for Matador Records, which means it might be the first Jennifer O’Connor album to find an audience.
Many buyers are content to play wait-and-see, hoping prices will fall.
The first one sold to a woman from Spain.
For instance, eSpeed, whose majority owner is Cantor Fitzgerald, sued and reached settlements with a number of large commodity exchanges a few years ago over a patent it acquired from a third party that covered computerized matching of bids and offers for securities.
To the Editor: Robert F. Kennedy's questioning the results of the presidential election in an "exhaustive, strenuously footnoted article" is equated with "wading into a swamp" and "venturing into deep waters."
Mr. Wasser said he thought of himself as being in the business of building confidence, and through customer surveys, he said he’d come to know his clients’ psychology well.
My hatred for the injustice in my country, my love for the light and the sky -- those feelings have always been there."
ruling, and that could go to another arbitrator.
Defense of Hiss had of course become a cause célèbre among the liberal intelligentsia of the 1950’s.
"This is the second time the city has attempted to stop the Critical Mass rides, once in federal court and now in state court, and both times their arguments were rejected.
Jonah Zuckerman's hewn dining table, made of zebra wood, is 44 inches wide by 100 inches long.
Other affectations include the band’s heavily punctuated name; it’s so proud of its exclamation points that they appear on the cover of its album, “Give Me a Wall” (Mute), and on the matching T-shirts worn by the four members onstage.
The CLS also demonstrates what a niche marketer Mercedes-Benz has become.
Fairway in New York and Brooklyn sells them all for $19.96 a pound.
He added that since shareholders are required by the proprietary lease to pay maintenance and assessments, failure to do so could result in termination of the lease.
"For many patients who come with problems of aging, it's a combination of loss of volume and loss of skin elasticity.
Windham Mountain, Windham, N.Y., the winter sports resort, named Smith & Jones, Troy, N.Y., as advertising agency of record for its account, with billings estimated at $500,000.
She said she demanded that he be examined by a doctor and allowed to consult a lawyer, but was told by a prison official that there would be no visits before Monday.
For many travelers, arriving in a new city begins with a quest to find a hot spot.
"She had to give it up," said Mary Carillo, an old friend who interviewed King over four sessions.
Banks Violette, an artist whose fascination with heavy metal imagery won him a show at the Whitney Museum last summer, is never happy to see cherished symbols of teen angst treated blithely.
It said that on average, 70 to 80 percent of its orange-apron-wearing floor employees come from the areas where the stores are situated, though it said it did not have specifics about the Bedford-Stuyvesant store.
When I met my friend Anna at the airport in Kelowna, the region’s gateway city (population 100,000), a friendly woman at the information desk asked us where we were from.
Finally, just as the unconquerable Samurai spirit had begun to flag, I hit the jackpot at La Petite Coquette, 51 University Place.
Carmen Callil’s “Bad Faith” emerged from a patient-psychotherapist relationship.
And Mr. Del Carlo can toss off Italian patter with the best of them.
A group led by Steve Swindal, a partner in the Yankees, has expanded its quest to win New York’s lucrative thoroughbred racing franchise.
Two years ago, his e-tree began to shed its needles soon after it arrived.
More than $1.2 million Manhasset $1.535 million 26 Drake Lane Number of bedrooms: 5 Number of full bathrooms: 3 Number of half bathrooms: 1 Weeks on market: 8 months 49-year-old high ranch; fireplace and vaulted ceiling in living room, family room, great room, master suite, c/a, heated pool, patio, 114-by-193-ft. lot; taxes $21,194; listed at $1.65 million.
And they're fired up about democracy.
Being exploited appeared to cause deep frustration and anger in most students, she said.
Looking tan and fit thanks to a new diet regimen (exercise, no bread, no butter and, for good measure, no gin), a spirited and joking Mr. Weill insisted that while he intended to keep a close eye on the company and its stock price, he was ready to retire.
"I have had hearings where another party is represented by a probate judge from a neighboring town in which I often appear on other matters," Mr. Barringer told the committee.
He is reserved, and his syntax sometimes gets mangled.
The presentation of AOL’s new strategy was led by Mr. Bewkes, who assumed the company’s No.
"We firmly believe in the principles of the fair housing code of ethics," he said.
They just tied me up and put a sock in my mouth and took the pillowcase off."
The polemics and outrage in the theatrical community last week after the New York Theater Workshop postponed its production of "My Name Is Rachel Corrie" might have been as intense as the uproar the company feared had it actually presented the play.
And immediately after an earthquake, this cycle begins again."
Mr. Spector said he heard a loud crash and saw smoke billow out of Mr. Hebbard's crumpled 1984 Plymouth.
The three men must now be extradited by July 17, their lawyers said.
From his tenuous perch, he said he saw water above the crossbars on the goal posts of the football field.
Another official in the office told Ms. Zhao that local prosecutors were not authorized to give her any information about the case.
The Schumann numbers came in flashes.
The tower's antenna will be able to draw a directional bead on even the faintest radio distress signals from vessels as far as 20 nautical miles away in either the Atlantic Ocean or the Sound, the Coast Guard says, giving rescuers a straight-line bearing to follow.
On busy days I collated and stapled.
Stewart International Airport in New Windsor, N.Y., is indeed far from Manhattan by conventional standards, but direct high-speed rail service would make it accessible and obviate expensive cab fares.
$900,000 to $1.2 million Bernards Township $1.095 million 60 Linden Drive Number of bedrooms: 3 Number of full bathrooms: 2 Number of half bathrooms: 1 Weeks on market: 1 month 17-year-old colonial; designer kitchen with choice woods and marble floor, family-room fireplace, pond, 2-car garage, 0.7-acre lot; taxes $15,244; listed at $1.129 million.
Beloved husband of the late Evelyn.
Some cities that violate the flood rules have been ousted from the insurance program, putting thousands of residents at huge risk.
At the meeting in March, some members of the Fed's policy-setting meeting expressed worries that they might go too far in raising rates and risk squelching economic growth.
The painting of a snowy Hudson Valley viewed from Olana is so much like a sunny day in January that it could be mistaken for a Monet.
Dana was pronounced dead at noon yesterday at Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami.
It was while working on the Indian reservation, he said, that he realized that public health was his calling.
Italian authorities did not rule out a potential suspension of the Schengen Agreement, which allows citizens of European Union countries to cross the borders of member states without showing a passport unless they are boarding an aircraft.
Mrs. Ruchelman, 63, was killed in the crash; Mr. Ruchelman, 67, a retired electrical engineer for Consolidated Edison, suffered a leg injury but survived.
"We are going to form a family that will not be based on sectarian or ethnic backgrounds," he said at a news conference on Saturday.
But the developer's fee would be limited to 2.5 percent, not the 5 percent he at first demanded.
"It's that we underidentify it."
Can the entire assessment be added to my cost basis when I calculate my capital gains?
And when people come in to a store deliberately to pay a bill or withdraw cash, they may well be tempted to pick up a soda and a sandwich.
The federal auditors also found there was little evidence that the Border Patrol’s efforts to reduce the number of deaths had been successful.
e. In which cities did groups protest against the House bill?
To continue talking would count as "the principal achievement," he said.
Sick, naked and starving, they moved one tribe to tears.
Loving father, grandfather, husband and companion.
It is a hot, humid night in Hong Kong, and our hero is walking down a narrow street with cliffs of dwellings on either side.
Every year there are federal income taxpayers, currently 134 million of them.
The agency does not expect the work to delay launching, set for Aug. 27, the launching director, Mike Leinbach, said.
Alan Van Capelle, a gay rights leader in New York who has criticized Mrs. Clinton's position in the past, sought to isolate her from other prominent Democrats in New York who support gay marriage.
Now, with so many movies for audiences to choose from, some are failing to meet expectations or are flopping outright.
Ms. Armstrong then started calling the Caller-Times newsroom and reached another reporter, Kathryn Garcia, about 9 a.m.
It was the chief justice's fourth majority opinion, and the first to provoke any dissenting votes.
Its cover depicted a topless woman in the clutches of a one-eyed, pointy-headed octopus from space.
In both articles, Wheeling-Pitt declined to comment.
Mr. Hevesi proposed that his office be allowed to oversee authority contracts.
Skilling Accused in Testimony of Lying About Enron Jeffrey K. Skilling repeatedly lied about the true state of Enron's broadband Internet business and refused to lower earnings targets, even when it became clear that the business lacked customers and deals that could generate revenue, the former head of the company's broadband unit testified.
"Honest to God, how long has this cooking oil been used?"
The all-male Ballets Trockadero de Monte Carlo and its antecedents began life in the early 1970s as a balletomanes’ jeu d’esprit: witty, informed ballet sendups combined with a poignant fantasy of ballerina glamour.
Even getting half its findings wrong, science in the long run gets most things right -- or, as Paul Grobstein, a biologist, puts it, "progressively less wrong."
The symptoms caused by this class of plant are well known, and a mnemonic is taught in medical school to identify them: Mad as a hatter, blind as a bat, dry as a bone, red as a beet.
Mr. Minskoff said he agreed to buy the lot from the city for $110 million in 2001, and he originally planned to put up an office tower.
The system becomes particularly impersonal and hurried in hospitals.
* [Rating: One Star] Chinatown Brasserie The name is full of misdirection -- Chinatown Brasserie is actually in NoHo, and it's not really a brasserie -- but nonetheless distills the approach that this restaurant is taking.
Margaret Graham, a Bausch & Lomb spokeswoman, said that Hong Kong regulators provided the company only with information showing a jump in cases of keratitis, or inflammation of the cornea.
The former official, who admires Mr. Abbas, said he had also failed to move against the Arafat holdovers in his office, who retain power to block decisions.
The Wilfs also interviewed Kansas City's offensive coordinator, Al Saunders; the Vikings' defensive coordinator, Ted Cottrell; and the Colts' assistant, Jim Caldwell.
Over all, the government expects the average heating bill in the United States to be $928 for this winter (Oct. 1 to March 31), down about 2 percent from last winter.
("Your young men shall see visions," Peter promised the multitudes, quoting the prophet Joel, "and your old men shall dream dreams.")
Tackle Gerard Warren came for a fourth-round draft choice.
BOSTON, April 19 —The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston opened its books on Wednesday, releasing what experts and church officials say is the most detailed financial accounting any diocese has made available.
"Pipe organs are supposed to sound like a symphony orchestra," Ms. Jenks said.
Umney’s determination to pretend that the man is just fine — cheery in his job, as an elevator man should be — eerily emphasizes the nasty class issues that Mr. King never fails to spin into horror gold.
"But that's no excuse at all," an agitated Tom Renney, the Rangers' coach, said after the Red Wings outlasted the Rangers, 4-3, to halt the Rangers' three-game winning streak.
It is not widely known on the British mainland or in the Irish-American community that the Troubles continue today.
A group of Japanese women with round, reassuring faces told me in no uncertain terms — with everything communicated by a look in the eye, a touch of the arm, a tone of the voice — that all would be well, and to follow them.
So one question I asked them was whether they were agnostic as to which beverages kids were drinking, so long as they were selling them.
"The last time I went up Fuller Road," Katie Edmonds, an agent at Meredith Real Estate, said, "S.U.V.
The bride graduated from Bowdoin College and received a law degree from Emory University.
The potential rival is John P. Ginty, 41$(8$) a financial data analyst and former president of the Ridgewood Republican Club who proudly calls himself an ideologue and a social conservative.
But the 13th claim of the patent is more general: it covers a way of determining vitamin deficiency by first testing blood or urine for homocysteine by any means and then correlating elevated levels with a vitamin deficiency.
“A lot of leases are coming onto the market now,” he said.
In December 1995, the resort began giving tours for guests and the public; the lines became so long that for a while tours had to be limited to Greenbrier guests.
I'd like to say this.'
Shares of the London Stock Exchange tumbled as much as 10 percent on Thursday before closing down 6.8 percent at £10.43.
Emma so loves order that she is writing a dissertation on classical garden design, a project that keeps her shuttling between London and Paris.
In lieu of flowers, donations made to the American Red Cross or the American Cancer Society would be appreciated.
“The companies went bonkers,” she said.
“If someone asks for a paper ballot, they ought to be able to have it,” said Senator Barbara Boxer of California, a co-sponsor of the measure with Senators Christopher J. Dodd of Connecticut and Russell D. Feingold of Wisconsin.
The trails often lead north, to the lakes of Minnesota and Wisconsin ; to the foothills of northern Georgia; to the forests of northern California; to the fields of northern Michigan.
Surely, a Congressional committee in Washington would be a more effective forum for these kinds of complaints than an obscure contemporary art gallery in Hartford.
Doctors and scientists have figured out how to keep the typical athlete going longer, and they are getting better at it all the time.
Galt Niederhoffer's first novel, "A Taxonomy of Barnacles" (St. Martin's Press), is a kind of modernized Victorian comedy of manners: A wealthy, eccentric patriarch declares, with social Darwinist flourish, that his six daughters must compete for his fortune.
GN is a unit of GN Great Nordic.
Indeed, as an alert investor you might view such an exit as a loud and clear warning to sell the stock.
Two lifelong pen pals switch identities, and trouble quickly follows.
The pope was a trained philosopher, and the actual text of his addresses on the topic can be dense: ''Masculinity and femininity -- namely, sex -- is the original sign of a creative donation and an awareness on the part of man, male-female, of a gift lived in an original way.''
The most shocking picture in the show may be a little keepsake that Goya dashed off before quitting Madrid.
Output at factories, utilities and mines declined 0.2 percent after a revised 0.9 percent December gain that was more than previously reported, according to the report.
20 Loyola, 9-7, in San Diego, improving its record to 5-1.
El Portal Sedona, 928-203-9405, www.innsedona.com, in the historic arts district is another good bet.
Gordon Parks, a Master Of the Camera, Is Dead An influential photojournalist and the first black staff photographer for Life magazine, Gordon Parks was 93.
“We’re not going to downsize the core news report of the paper,” he vowed, according to the transcript.
For the week, the Dow rose 1.8 percent, the S.& P. 500 added 1.6 percent and the Nasdaq gained 0.9 percent.
A major part of the city's strategy has been to switch on emergency backup generators at 9 of the city's 14 municipal wastewater treatment plants.
The film was written and directed by Carlos Reygadas, who after making a sensational feature debut four years ago with "Japón" has returned with a strangely mesmerizing and off-putting follow-up that finds him at the crossroads between inspiration and risky self-parody.
"In four years, if they lose even more share, then we're right back where we started."
Devoted husband of Anita Hickey nee Hermesdorf.
Tempted to sin, do you choose to while away the afternoon gamboling through Central Park?
The column also misstated the given name of the author.
But the average price is perhaps not as revealing in Pawling as the range of prices.
Still, after tonight’s effort to wrestle with this paradox, you will not know for sure whether missionaries are good or bad.
"This was not an attack on the Bush administration, it was an attack on 60 years of failed Mideast policy," he said, and then tried to change the mood by mentioning he was contemplating using the Globe trophy as a hood ornament on his car.
Cigarettes made appearances in several of the films nominated for best picture at this year's Academy Awards, including "Brokeback Mountain," "Good Night, and Good Luck" and "Capote."
Sun Life did not disclose the name of the investment bankers.
We express our heartfelt sympathy to hIs family.
An article in Business Day on Tuesday about plans by Saks Fifth Avenue to open a store in Shanghai misstated the nationality of two retailers, Hermès and Cartier, that have outlets in China.
That agreement fell apart last month.
According to an internal memo, 5 percent, or roughly 65,000, of its workers rely on state Medicaid plans, compared with 4 percent for other national companies.
His best-known project, the “Tribute in Light,” shines up from Lower Manhattan every Sept. 11.
The move illustrates how companies like AT&T are trying to turn themselves into one-stop shops for voice service, mobile phones, Internet access and even television programming to better compete with cable providers and technology companies entering the phone business.
"If you study the main international practices in this regard you will find that China is basically in compliance with the international norm," he said.
The Estes Park Museum (200 Fourth Street, 970-586-6256; www.estesnet.com/museum ) offers local history and activities for children, including American Indian storytelling and crafts.
Purchase College, Dance Theater Lab.
The suit contends that some of these payments were made to attract or retain the doctors' business.
The gap between the largely Sunni haves and the Shiite have-nots grows ever more apparent and feeds simmering frustration.
Jeff Feuerzeig, who won the best director award at the 2005 Sundance Festival, cobbles together a moving portrait of the artist as his own ghost, using a wealth of material provided by Mr. Johnston, from home movies to audiocassette diaries to dozens of original, and often heartbreakingly beautiful, songs.
Children must be taught about nutrition outside the lunchroom if they are to eat what is offered inside.
Yet another English band, Editors, reached back to the Smiths and U2, setting long-lined melodies and troubled thoughts over guitars that churned until the pressure grew mesmerizing.
I think we are wasting time, we are wasting lives, we need to get back to making America work again, in a bipartisan, nonpartisan way."
This month, podcast downloads for programming like daily newscasts exceeded 13 million, about a quarter of them retrieved by non-United States listeners.
Mercy College, Lecture Hall, 555 Broadway.
VIA and Everex are promoting this notebook, with its decreased power consumption and environmentally friendly components (the motherboard and chip designs use less carbon and other resources), as a breath of fresh air in the electronics race.
The characters, painted with an airbrush, travel everywhere the team does.
He was trying to lose weight.
Dior maintained a virtual psychic hot line to his adored late mother.
He rolled off a screen on the right side and drained a 3-pointer.
Then you drag the HD1's photo-and-video folder to your computer's hard drive -- a much faster process than playing a tape in real time.
would not enjoy the exemptions proposed by the advisory committee.
There is a variety of chai teas in green tea, spice or vanilla along with artisan-blended black and green teas.
But for Mr. Pattee and his 370 employees, hitting the road is no longer a good enough reason to indulge -- not since the company contracted with a corporate wellness program that offers educational classes (in person, with an instructor) as well as newsletters and online resources to help employees lose weight and stay in shape.
Every morning he awakened miserable, if he slept at all.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.
The survey found that 59 percent of day laborers were from Mexico and 28 percent from Central America, while 7 percent were born in the United States.
And Mr. Weldon said the company was investing heavily in the future, with a $6.3 billion research and development expenditure in 2005.
Jan. 28 at 8 p.m. Tickets: $5.
But in the early and middle 1960's he surprised his listeners (and alienated some critics) by embracing the avant-garde movement then known simply as "the new thing" and later called free jazz, on a series of daring albums for Blue Note with names like "Destination Out" and "One Step Beyond."
On a slightly busier night, it took repeated pleas and 25 minutes to get a check.
These and a few other courses sprinkled among the 1,500 miles from Pakistan's rugged North-West Frontier Province to the tea gardens of Assam, India, make up the entirety of golf in the Himalayas.
Instead, it is interlaced with descriptions of Crick’s vacations, parties and assertions of atheism — occasionally colorful stuff that drains the intellectual drama from the codebreaking.
Forty-one percent of those surveyed said they bolstered their allowance by doing extra chores around the house or jobs like baby-sitting; interestingly, more than 40 percent of children in all age categories said they received no allowance.
Two of them were placed on ventilators.
Eventually, the borough got to him and, in 1990, he moved to California.
His first wife Margaret Oehler, died in 1973.
If Sykes didn't have the original case file in front of her, she might not believe it.
Al Sharpton for Martin Luther King's Birthday.
To the Editor: Re "Did Humans Evolve?
He added, "Just haven't played well."
The group vowed to block the bank's planned acquisition of another bank, Atlantic Bank of New York, which was under federal review at the time, until it required its clients to repair their buildings.
"The producer wants a star for a year.
Iowa was idle on the first day of the tournament before defeating Minnesota, 67-57, on Friday.
They also sell charcuterie, chocolates and utensils: (718) 522-7425.
MOST writing about South Africa’s disturbing racial history focuses on the relatively modern phenomenon of apartheid and the gross injustices inflicted on the black majority by the descendants of Dutch and British settlers.
Made with corn syrup, sugar and isolated soybean protein, Mr. Rich's soybean "cream," introduced in 1945, lasted longer in the refrigerator than dairy-based whipped cream and could remain frozen for more than a year without degrading.
The telephone rings at 2 a.m. It’s your best friend, and he has a small favor to ask.
The ads are slyly designed to look as if they have been ripped from the magazines in which they appear.
Anheuser-Busch is joining a lengthy list of marketers turning to branded entertainment.
Most of its buildings are close to 100 years old and are crumbling and overcrowded.
In its infancy, at least, it seems that financial gain is likely to be seen as a bonus, but not the main reason for creating content.
The legislation requires miners to wear wireless devices so they can be found more quickly.
Among other things, the rabbis fear that restrictions on metzitzah b'peh might lead to bans on male circumcision itself.
Go to Article from The New York Times » In related news, Ted Turner, the mercurial media visionary who founded CNN, said yesterday that he would not seek re-election to the board of Time Warner at the 2006 annual meeting.
In that warm but stoic voice of his, he sings about all the stuff he almost can’t bear to keep: “She said, ‘Give it away’/Well, I can’t give it away.”
Mr. Schmidt-Holtz is expected to name Tim Bowen as Sony BMG's chief operating officer.
In fewer than 10 minutes, Van Horn surpassed his season-high of 19 points.
We try to take advantage of every tax break the government offers and aim to save more than 10 percent of our income every year.
Mr. Finnerty was the specialist in General Electric.
After years of dominating the 10 p.m. hour, "Law & Order" moved this week to 9 p.m. to face "Idol," "Lost" and CBS's "Criminal Minds" (11.85 million).
Regardless of which way the generational influences have flowed, Ms. Linhares certainly has tapped into her own rambunctious and starry-eyed inner child to wonderfully infectious effect.
They encourage visitors to come to the museum, thereby helping attendance; others see increased profit from online memberships and, in the Met's case, from its large shop.
I decided to kick out the kinks while waiting for the light to change at Columbus Circle.
He said the first meeting of the group would be March 14.
"We stand in the windows and wave," she said.
Ms. Curry, who has not pleaded guilty to any crime, said she was shocked to discover that hundreds of checks from Enron retail customers, probably worth millions of dollars, had been found under the desk of a trader in the retail unit.
Many people might dismiss Mr. Roland and Mr. Belpasso as opportunists who have attached themselves like barnacles to the great whale of catastrophe that was 9/11.
"But I will kill it!"
She left her job, as an event planner for Playboy magazine, because the nonstop partying and traveling “was not a lifestyle I wanted to continue living in my 30’s,” she said.
Since then the government has increasingly retrenched from a position of generally allowing more political freedom.
With numerous stations available offering listeners a huge array of choices, it can be hard for a local Internet station to find a niche, said Mr. Hanson of AccuRadio.
As free trade supplanted mercantilism in the mid- to late 19th century, barriers to trade and immigration fell at roughly the same time.
"I was a little uncomfortable with some of the reactions," said Dr. Jacques Rossouw, the project officer for the Women's Health Initiative, the program that has created the stir.
Stents are metal scaffolds inserted into arteries to keep them open after fatty blockages have been cleared.
Drawing (Drawing by Robbi Behr)
Sachin Pilot, a member of Parliament, described the speech as "upbeat and bullish."
But there the controversy and the criticism end.
Still, he sounded concerned about the condition of the Superdome.
Loving grandmother of Rebecca, Henry and Rivka.
$(6$)BLOCH--Robert W. Congregation Emanu-El of The City of New York expresses to the family of our cherished and devoted member, Robert W. Bloch, our deepest sympathies on the occasion of his passing.
This Dutch violinist, in her late 20’s, has become best known for a chamber-scale recording of Vivaldi’s “Four Seasons” that became a hit on iTunes early this year.
A bigger concern is off-season as campers or counselors discuss camp with each other online.
Yet, breaking with his father, he also preached a buoyant Protestantism that banished the concept of hell and made the process of redemption seem as simple as asking for it.
The KidScience exhibition with a claustrophobic walkthrough human heart made me feel skeevy even though it was made of plastic.
Nearly 180 of every 100,000 residents acquire the disease each year, while the average state has a rate of about 15 new cases per 100,000 people.
Merrill wins the award for omnipresence: it was the lead underwriter in Nasdaq's Feb. 10 secondary offering, and it is a lead underwriter of the Big Board's secondary share offering.
Third, high-achieving districts with many resources and high per-pupil expenditures will basically be capped, for the sake of equity.
Some of the stories that hurt the most describe indignities suffered by ordinary New Orleanians leaving the city, like those who were turned back by armed police officers as they tried to cross a bridge into the town of Gretna.
By erecting a false religion -- imposing a reign of Jesus in this order -- they are worshiping a false god.
When we reached the summit, I continued to the far edge of the small plateau, lay on my stomach on the snow, and squirmed out to peek over the nearly vertical slope leading up from the north side of the mountain.
(Photo by Barton Silverman/The New York Times)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1 - Conservative lawyers in the administration of President Ronald Reagan had an ambitious agenda.
The Lifan factory pays less than $100 a month.
Also, giant kicking tees (every one as big as a chair!)
Before then, the corner bank would issue a mortgage and wait for the homeowner to pay them back; now savings and loans could replenish their capital by selling their mortgages to Fannie Mae -- meaning they could turn around and issue a new mortgage to someone else.
Benchmarks: Identifies intentions of those creating artworks; Understands some of the implications of intention and purpose in particular works of art; Knows how specific works are created and relate to historical and cultural contexts; Understands how various interpretations can be used to understand and evaluate works of visual art Language Arts Standard 1- Demonstrates competence in the general skills and strategies of the writing process.
THE LOOMING TOWER Al-Qaeda and the Road to 9/11.
Before I was meeting high-ranking people -- learning how to interact, how to argue, how to make points, how to write letters.
"'Three Days of Rain' opens April 19.
He said he knew of the information discussed before the board but expressed little knowledge or interest in the details of the funds' operations.
What’s not important is molding their gender.” The literature on adults who are transgender was hardly consoling to one parent, a 42-year-old software consultant in Massachusetts and the father of a gender-variant third grader.
A public viewing will be held Wednesday, February 22nd, from 11 AM to 5 PM, 6 PM to 10 PM, at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 76th St. and Amsterdam Ave.
Service Sunday, September 10, 1:30 P.M. at Temple EmanuEl, Fifth Avenue at 65th Street.
In this instance, the court was interpreting the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996, which was intended to curb the flow of federal habeas corpus petitions from state inmates and was the first federal law to place a time limit on such petitions.
Cafe Cluny * 284 West 12th Street (West Fourth Street), Greenwich Village; (212) 255-6900.
All these turn up in the Swiss Institute program, an intense hour and a half of looking and thinking organized by a young New York curator, Miriam Katzeff.
It would be hard to find a thicker, richer brew than the one that Angela Ingrao whips up in the back room of Cocoa, her pink and brown closet of a chocolate shop in downtown Larchmont.
They also say patients are at the mercy of the so-called postcode lottery, in which treatments are available in some postal zones but not others.
As part of his plea, Mr. Abramoff agreed to become the star witness in what many say could be the most explosive corruption investigation in Congressional history.
But two lawyers in the case confirmed that Mr. Ovitz was questioned by the federal grand jury last summer about his conversations with Mr. Pellicano, some of which were secretly recorded by the private detective.
A small, hard-driving Oklahoman with boundless energy, Mr. Miller was a Coast Guard officer, a lawyer and a corporate executive with a dazzling résumé in business, government service, and the arts and humanities.
To the Editor: This year's Oscar presenters, who bemoaned the fact that fewer people are going to theaters to watch movies the way they're meant to be watched, should take note of Nora Ephron's article.
Snejana Onopka, Natasha Poly and Hana Soukupova, models in demand among the fashion designers who showed their collections in New York last week, appeared so gaunt and thin that their knees and elbows were larger than their concave thighs and pipe cleaner arms, and their bobbling heads looked as if a slight breeze could detach them from their frail bodies.
Skype enables users to make free calls across the nation or around the world to people within its network.
So-called metasearch sites, like Kayak.com, Sidestep.com and Farechase.com, hunt for the cheapest prices for hotels, airlines and car rentals as well as deals at some online travel agencies.
His psychiatric residency was at New York Hospital Cornell Medical Center followed by a private practice in psychiatry.
When things seem as if they cannot get much worse — for instance, Dealey has been kidnapped not once but twice, and Piejack has had his fingers snipped off by stone crabs, then sewn on in the wrong places — it is Dealey who concludes that Florida is perhaps not the promised land after all.
The lone relatives of the airman named Mustonen were the wife and daughters of his brother, in Jacksonville, Fla. Their DNA would not be of help.
It's shamefully snobbish, all this poker jargon.
As construction began, protesters set off from nearby Strahan to form what was called the “Franklin River Blockade,” during which 1,400 of them were arrested, many thrown in jail.
"Nobody in our league plays like Princeton," Rutgers Coach Gary Waters said, referring to the Tigers' deliberate offensive style.
“Some of my friends are in the opposition, and they’re blacker than I am,” said the Rev.
But no such palliative exists in the world of Thrity Umrigar's second novel, which examines the class divide in Bombay (as Umrigar continues to call Mumbai) through the relationship of a mistress and her servant.
So I did sneak one by here, yeah.
The Konkan crab appetizer (from Maharashtra on the southwest coast of India), with its big chunks of succulent crab, is excellent, sauced with coconut tempered with mustard seeds, curry leaves, ginger and chili.
Papoose is something of a purist.
Stevie B’s perspective — imagine St. Augustine on “Entourage” — is intriguing, but incongruity itself isn’t enough; nor is his prose the best vehicle for the “hard-core, fun, exciting, adrenaline-pumping, Christian cool stuff” he is eager to share.
At the top of the hill, Eli's mother, Susan Helman, was poised to take a turn on the toboggan by herself.
Her opening match is against 30th-seeded Vera Zvonareva, a Russian who reached the top 10 in 2004 and is eager to rebound from a difficult season.
The president turned his back on the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty (dismissed, like reality-based thinking, as passé) and moved the world a step closer to an accelerated nuclear arms race in Asia and elsewhere.
The boy, in particular, also developed some aggressive behavior problems.
d. What did Dr. Rust tell the four students who approached her about a hands-on experiment?
One day earlier, Derek Jeter, Gary Sheffield and Bernie Williams swung away to a sea of lolling outfielders before the Yankees defeated Kansas City, 12-5.
There are other printer adapters that work with older parallel port printers from Bluetake.com , but this one also includes drivers for Pocket PCs and Palms, too.
For "Monster" in 2003, Mr. Berney flew the star (and eventual Oscar winner), Charlize Theron, to Florida for ShowEast, the annual movie trade show, to meet exhibitors.
Senior department officials, including Attorney General John Ashcroft and his chief deputy, James B. Comey, voiced concerns in 2004 about the program's legal underpinnings.
It was unclear who a buyer might be for the assets now on the block.
(Europe played for Vernon and Irene Castle; they credited him with inventing their celebrated fox trot.)
Praxis was founded by G. Sterling Zinsmeyer, a film producer, and the Rev.
There, in an unfamiliar kitchen (where the turkey baster, if there is one, is who knows where), we will cook an elaborate and tradition-drenched Thanksgiving feast for four.
At a meeting last week in New York, owners rejected the union's proposal, which was seeking 60.2 percent of total football revenue.
"Volatility" is indeed the watchword as the buying and selling of homes on the canal unfurls against the backdrop of modern history.
Beloved father of Hillary, Christopher and Sarah; dear son of Carol & William; and brother of Caitlin Weissman.
Congregation Emanu-El of the City of New York expresses to the family of our devoted member, Dorothy Wigor, our deepest sympathies on the occasion of her passing.
Given the extraordinary success of Analog Devices, it is patently unfair to describe as obscene the accumulated compensation earned by our C.E.O.
"I don't feel safe in it."
She had great strength and spirit and an unyielding love of life and Torah.
One witness, Adrian Diaz, had returned from Puerto Rico with Mr. Vecchione.
If you read many contemporary novels, you know that Lucinda Williams often pops up in them — characters put her CD's into the stereo before tearing off on long, sad (or long, angry) road trips.
But almost immediately, they began to trickle back.
This year they will be back again.
Congress first authorized it in 1956.
A 4-to-4 tie, in Justice Alito's absence, would have the effect of affirming the appeals court's ruling.
The board's action was reported by WBBM-TV, CBS 2 News, here on Wednesday night.
Then she did not react when Golovin injured her left ankle during the third set.
Foreign Minister Ivaylo Kalfin said Bulgaria would not directly donate money to a fund to support Libya's fight against AIDS but would take part in a European Union action plan.
Green, in Scottsdale, Ariz., and Greenmaker, in Chicago, which opened last year.
A prominent critic of the nuclear industry, David Lochbaum of the Union of Concerned Scientists, said in an interview that his group was often not allowed to talk informally to commissioners, because they were the ultimate arbiters of what rules were issued.
“Now we’re surrounded by shrubs and trees,” he said.
We don’t mind competing with Microsoft.
Under its current leadership, Congress has failed to investigate the domestic spying program seriously or to pass the legislation that is needed to rein it in.
Shares of Prudential of Britain surged as much as 14 percent on Monday on optimism that its larger rival Aviva will increase a $29.7 billion takeover offer.
The news from Iran, which holds 10 percent of the world's oil reserves, has made oil markets very nervous in recent days and contributed to a spike in oil prices to nearly $70 a barrel on Tuesday.
BUSINESS DAY, PAGE C1 Iran Insists on Restarting Its Nuclear Program Iran plans to resume nuclear activities at its vast uranium enrichment complex that it suspended 14 months ago, officials involved in negotiations with Iran said.
"You have to stay on top of all that and be objective," Lamoriello said.
“Nature Girl” dispenses with the corrupt politicians, lobbyists and environmental plunderers of past books for characters who do bad just because God (or Carl) made them that way.
Her obliviousness to his pain would be unsettling if “Red Doors” weren’t a comedy.
Enron's shareholders, meanwhile, footed the bill for the enterprise, which was designed to deceive them about the precarious state of Enron's balance sheet.
While one firefighter stays behind the wheel, half a dozen others pile out, charged with bringing back the makings of dinner.
Ramone is a family man facing many of the problems Mr. Pelecanos chronically dramatizes.
"A good stylist is unique, individual, adventurous and bold," Ms. Hunter said.
In Iraq, he had a close call with a roadside bomb, though he never fired his gun.
WITH: Uma Thurman (Jenny Johnson/G-Girl), Luke Wilson (Matt Saunders), Anna Faris (Hannah Lewis), Eddie Izzard (Professor Bedlam/Barry), Rainn Wilson (Vaughn Haige) and Wanda Sykes (Carla Dunkirk).
"It is basic Constitutional Law 101," said Mr. Zeigler, who was unhappy with some Medicaid provisions of the bill.
Second, you can enjoy your dim sum alfresco, and to sit outside on a sunny Sunday morning eating two dozen spicy, high-quality little dishes is about as close to paradise as I’ve been.
But summations can make the difference when the facts are still in play at the end of the trial.
Less than three weeks later, agents raided Mr. Jefferson’s homes, in Washington and in New Orleans, and found stacks of cash stuffed in a freezer.
Andy's passionate devotion to Israel, Jewish life, and the Jewish people was part of her life's blood--a legacy from her parents that she was proud to carry forward.
Mr. Wilson said the three interlocking machines have long been antiquated.
He sees it in San Diego and quotes a San Diego agent who says: “People are getting nervous.
"The franchise itself is doing quite well," said David Trone, an analyst with Fox-Pitt Kelton.
"Arturs, you know, is a huge presence," Ziedins said.
Banner had been a critical conduit for her husband during his illness, including him in conference calls and traveling to his apartment regularly to talk strategy.
But at least he would have had a fighting chance."
Re-elected this month just before he turned 89, Senator Robert C. Byrd , Democrat of West Virginia, is evidently an inspiration to colleagues whose terms expire in two years.
A tour of the area, ending with a walk along Fifth Avenue during the annual holiday promenade, meeting at 11 a.m. at the main information kiosk in Grand Central Terminal, 42nd Street and Park Avenue.
The objects of derision yesterday, however, were not the hapless New York Knicks, but Senator John McCain, the keynote speaker at the New School graduation, and his host, Bob Kerrey, the university president.
UPN has stood out as a provider of shows with largely African-American casts.
The center of our family, beloved husband of 64 years of Mickey, devoted father of Carol and Alan, Dorrie and Jeffrey, loving Papa of Katie and Jonathan, Matthew, Heather and Seth and Nina.
"The elimination process happens as the ball is snapped, and sometimes before," Simms says.
Mr. Marcantoni returns as Nessus the Centaur, in stunning platform hooves.
But he said Dell would spend another $50 million in this area beyond the $100 million already committed.
I think I am getting pretty much deeper into bedlam.
Like Nascar engines, a single carburetor supplied fuel to many cylinders, but in the B-29 some cylinders got so little fuel that they would backfire, setting fire to the intake system.
I was applauded among the sewing circle.
While New York's effort is limited to its parks, it is expected to have a huge impact, given the number of parks across the five boroughs and the density of the neighborhoods surrounding them.
It seems that the director, Tom Thurman, couldn’t bring himself to edit out any celebrity comment, even if that person’s point had been made several times before.
He has appeared on the Opie & Anthony radio program and even with the bard of bathroom humor, Andrew Dice Clay.
We gave them too much respect."
He will fly there tomorrow, when owners will probably be deciding on the union's proposal.
Mr. Ginsberg, 32, is a legislative assistant in Washington to Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont; the bridegroom specializes in military legislation.
For Indonesia, the issue could not be more serious.
These organizations are "reluctant dragons" when it comes to exercising corporate citizenship, Mr. Bogle wrote.
As self-professed Food Network addicts and aspiring chefs, they were sold on the unit’s Viking range and Sub-Zero refrigerator.
In 2004, they grew almost 111 percent, to $1.4 million, reflecting rising profits and a shift away from stock options.
My favorite was homemade peppermint ice cream with chocolate sauce, sprinkled with crushed peppermint candy.
Leaf blowers help leaf-blowing guys make a living, and unless some monumental shift in the suburban mindset causes homeowners to climb en masse from their La-Z-Boys and get their rakes out, the men with the roaring backpacks are here to stay.
You have to create a shared community of ideas."
And then, if he gets tired of mere half-million or million-square-foot cuttings, here's his really big idea: a series of maybe five or six giant cuttings, running up and down the valley from Wurtsboro to Kingston.
Understandably I have felt a little protective of "Rent" ever since.
Hunter College, where Ms. Crile is a faculty member, presents 23 works from the modestly scaled series, rendered in a somber palette on dark sheets of paper using pastel, charcoal and chalk.
In Santo Angelo, Brazil, try Italiatur (55-55-3312-5163 or 55-55-9962-3806, www.italiaturmissoes.com.br ) or Golden Travel (55-55-3314-2773, www.goldentravel.com.br ).
Here is a wine bar, a French cafe, another luxury condominium.
It is no small thorn in her side that she famously flunked a draping course in 1968, then dropped out to work for Anne Klein.
Note the caveat — "unless something weird or scandalous happens to you."
That’s all Keith Rosenthal and Catherine Mauro cared about.
He was, she added, a "big storyteller" when talking about Pakistan.
And others were temporarily closed this week, Mr. Fine said.
"The supermarkets have been inferior for decades," said Burt P. Flickinger III, the managing director of Strategic Resource Group, a retail consulting group.
In one corner of the living room, a collection of silver objects that belonged to Osman's family evokes past grandeur.
She lives in White Plains and came well equipped for the 2-hour-16-minute feature, with a flipbook on farm animals, toys, a snack, water, a blanket and diapers.
Its vast territory, encompassing modern India, Pakistan, Myanmar and Bangladesh, was home to more than 300 million people, speaking hundreds of languages and dialects, divided by caste and religion and separated into a profusion of princely states.
Orders must be placed by April 6: simplydivine.com.
I tell him, 'Not needed, my friend.'
's Biography of Martin Luther King Jr.," mixed-media works by New Jersey City University students.
Mr. Weiner, the president of HealthWell's board, said he hoped to broaden HealthWell's donor base so the foundation was not so dependent on drug companies.
Prosecutors ultimately invited Mr. Khan to Rock Island after making a deal in which he would not be prosecuted for his conduct abroad, but would be in peril of arrest for making false statements.
The real problem is that Mr. Maltese and his Republicans are not representing the city, especially city schools.
He graduated from the University of Illinois.
Much of Goytisolo's organizational energies in the last years have gone into a campaign to preserve Jemaa el Fna from the Moroccan government's periodic efforts to sanitize it.
As the building boom unfolds, international talents pour into the country to share in the creative foment.
The Senate should strip those away, like the ones that divide immigrants into three arbitrary tiers of worthiness and needlessly force those seeking legal status to trek to a border state to apply for it.
PALM BEACH GARDENS, Fla., March 11 - The man with the middle-aged paunch and 1 o'clock sunburn concluded his radio interview with the golfer Camilo Villegas by gushing: "We love to watch you.
But until now, Silver Jews (which counts Mr. Berman as the only constant member) has never toured.
As did the writer, I lost a parent "in the Nixon years, when I was young," but for me the death certificate held tremendous interest.
Cable companies beat telephone companies in five of six regions.
"Spring Rounds" is sweet and charming, and not to be damned for its innocent inconsequentiality.
A week ago Mr. Merhi won a prize that loomed incredibly large to someone who immigrated from Lebanon 29 years ago: the endorsement by Democratic Party leaders as the party's nominee for Passaic County freeholder.
Chinese in the Americas," a display of artifacts that document the Chinese diaspora in the Western Hemisphere.
When asked about the Google's biggest single opportunity, Mr. Stahlman said Mr. Schmidt cited advertising on cellphones.
Afterward, he reveals he was playing with a weighted vest.
A fantastic kibitzer who could "mix it up" with the best of them.
Mr. Mulligan added that Mr. Mitchell was "being elusive and denying that he had anything to do with her murder."
that Iran has no intention of withdrawing from the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty, a senior agency official said.
So “Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles” now becomes the story of Takata’s quest to locate this munchkin, gain his trust and reconcile him to his father.
"This is a project that needs to get done," he said.
Through it all, Knicks officials have maintained the same public posture.
The late storms have done considerable damage among our ships.
Its programmed actions include barking, pushing a ball and lifting its leg, and it can "learn," becoming more adept at behaviors over time.
Officials said the process would take about two years.
The interview drew a lot of commentary in the blogosphere.
"Look at what shock therapy did for Frankenstein," she said.
Chinese patrons flock here every day from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. for tasty offerings that include shrimp dumplings, spareribs in black bean sauce, meatballs, deep-fried taro pancakes, and turnip cakes.
Frank was a major supporter of International Medical Corps, headquartered in Los Angeles, CA, where he served on the Board of Directors for several years and remained a Director Emeritus.
A. H. Riise Stores (37 Main Street, 340-776-2303), has crystal and perfumes, as well as an over 70-foot-long wall of liquor (duty free) and Caribbean spices, jams and coffee.
Mallory was the cherished wife, mentor and partner of Robert W. Kean III.
One judge will now oversee all court aspects of the Duke University lacrosse party rape case, a court official said.
Thanks to the dominance of cabernet franc, Blend Two is earthy, fleshier and gutsier than its companion.
But who says when this war against an invisible, intangible enemy is over?
Chicken noodle soup with Shanghai thick noodles, onions and scallions, $11.
PICKS -- "Can I Have It Like That" by Pharrell; "Since U Been Gone" by Kelly Clarkson.
On Fifth Avenue some women are wearing them on their winter coats.
Perhaps the most notable example is Comcast, the nation's largest cable company, where the founder, Ralph J. Roberts, passed the baton to his son Brian L. Roberts.
1 spot on the Billboard chart this week, with 301,000 sales, the biggest weekly sales for any album this year.
He questioned why the donations did not specify which programs at the institutions would receive the windfall.
"The guests loved them," Mr. Weber said.
This year, a group of New England inns are trying to make the most of a bad thing and are offering mud-themed packages for tourists.
No animals were harmed in the making of "Lady Vengeance."
Eathon G. Hall Jr., an innovative curator in New York and New Jersey who became devoted to providing art and curatorial training to high school students in Newark, died on Feb. 18 while on vacation in São Paulo, Brazil.
The fate of nations hung in the balance.
The blast causes a violent change in air pressure that can rupture lungs and eardrums or burst blood vessels in the spinal cord and brain.
Then there have been stories of young hedge fund stars spending huge sums of money on fast cars and fancy art, as well as magazine photo spreads of top managers’ estates in Greenwich, Conn., and the Hamptons on Long Island.
The 40,861 fans at Shea Stadium would be advised to shrug off the latest example of the Braves' resiliency -- these guys are not falling apart, not now, probably not ever -- and concentrate on the memory of a lovely day at the ballpark.
“This has been a gathering place for the neighborhood.
One advantage of the manual method is that the tags can be applied to photos of any age and from any source, provided that they have been scanned and transformed into digital images.
"Even the owners need confidence.
Heather Buck (who, as it happens, sang the lead role in Mr. Adès’s “Powder Her Face” at the Brooklyn Academy of Music in 1998) sang the Queen of the Night, and it must have been a daunting assignment to do it in the company of Ms. Dessay, one of the finest recent interpreters of the role, and opposite Ms. Sieden in the aerial acrobatics of “The Tempest.” She sang it well if a bit cautiously.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
SOUTH NORWALK Paintings by Anne Packard.
Gregory Mankiw of Harvard, who recently retired as chairman of President Bush's Council of Economic Advisers, wrote in The Wall Street Journal on Jan. 3 about his New Year's resolutions: "Everyone hates taxes, but the government needs to fund its operations, and some taxes can actually do some good in the process.
Helen Hobbs was born in Topeka, Kan., on April 6, 1907.
And the modern environmental movement traces its origins to a 17-year battle to save a mountain named Storm King in Orange County from a power plant.
There was Richard J. Codey, the former governor and current State Senate president, denouncing the gang and gun violence and wondering why a man like Mr. Brown, with his record, was out on the streets.
"You're trying to predict what is going to happen, you're putting yourself in the shoes of the people who are the decision makers."
The division was making too many mediocre "Star Wars" games, it was rife with internal rivalries and it was in such lackluster financial shape that bonuses for employees were scrapped that year.
But Brian Foley, a lawyer in White Plains who specializes in pension matters, said that for the typical salaried employee at G.M., "this has got to be a significant hit."
Mr. Rumsfeld wrote, "I know you agree that with America under attack and U.S. troops in the field, our national debate on this should be constructive."
Caption information is provided below.
A more likely figure, the authors said, was 2 percent.
That, of course, mirrors the experience of many struggling artists after graduation, even in today's youth-obsessed market.
You can reserve tickets for Chepe at 888-484-1623 and check schedules (somewhat conceptual, as trains invariably run late) at www.ferromex.com.mx .
Terminals are safe, he said, adding, "We don't think we are a target for terrorists."
"I have grave concerns regarding the mismatch between your personal beliefs regarding teaching and learning and the Le Moyne College program goals," she wrote.
A barrel of light crude oil rose 69 cents, to settle at $65.37 on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
The Marin County Real Estate Bubble blog attempts to explain why the statistics show prices are still holding up .
This nation has a history of spying on political dissenters."
Today, about 90,000 foreign students come to China every year to study the language, he said, with 30 million more people around the world studying Chinese.
And a block from here, we have a mosque.” What You’ll Find Bensonhurst is surrounded by Dyker Heights to the west, Borough Park to the north, Gravesend to the east and Bath Beach to the south.
Commander Ramirez referred the matter to his supervisors, to no avail.
Her proposed work, "Walk on It," will be an idiosyncratic depiction of one of those bathrooms.
In fact, by the end of December, he was already "homesick to go back to Michigan."
On Tuesday, he took an unplanned flight to Southern California to spend a day with his father, Earl, who is fighting cancer.
Amid the swirl there were news conferences, an ethics hearing in which a number of lawmakers were accused of conflicts of interest -- and at least two holiday parties held across the street from the State House by lobbying firms.
2 on the paperback list.
Too many au pairs, too many sisters and ex-husbands, too many characters who are nothing but lists of attributes and political leanings.
Picked to finish last in the Eastern Conference, the Rangers scored 100 points and completely made over their public image.
This is not the New York we dream of."
She will be missed by us all.
He loved nothing more than tiring out younger companions on the ski slopes or tennis courts.
Of course one wonders how photographers excluded from this selection might affect its thesis (Ken Lum and Ian Wallace, for example).
From being poignant settings full of brave laughter in the face of great tragedy, clinics were now all business, all about side effects and drug resistance.
Mr. Bloomberg said that the fundamental problem at ground zero would remain even if the Port Authority became the anchor tenant at the Freedom Tower: not "enough money to make this project move forward."
and raves about its efficiency and thorough care whenever we see him.
This is the kind of pat linkage you’d expect in any documentary; still, it works.
In another role debut Kyle Froman gave a nicely eccentric reading of Herr Drosselmeier as a playful mad genius, fixing the broken Nutcracker toy with his finger (and wincing), then bowing with courtly grandeur to the sleeping Marie.
"Many of us have decided to cast our lot with the president, even if we do not like her," read an anonymous letter circulating through e-mail on Friday.
Dr. Frieden has already retreated from a provision that would have allowed local health officials to gather and share certain patient information that could have been used to identify people with AIDS who had stopped getting care or were not responding to treatment.
Richard W. Stevenson, a deputy bureau chief in Washington with responsibility for Congressional coverage, acknowledged that a change has taken place.
But once he arrives in France where the sun is brighter, the grapes tastier and the women more pliable, ooh la la!
The whole is less than the sum of its parts.
(The missing four trumps were divided 2-2.)
“I can tell you that it is to me unacceptable or inexplicable how you can have 50-odd shots fired.” Mr. Bloomberg made the remarks after meeting with some of the city’s most influential black politicians and community leaders, including Representative Charles B. Rangel , the Rev.
Each property will have a heated two-car garage and, of course, a porch.
Meet the Samsung Helix (and its twin, the Pioneer Inno): a tiny, well-designed $400 radio that not only lets you enjoy satellite radio in the car, at home or when you're jogging, but also plays back your own MP3 files and up to 750 songs that you've recorded from the satellites.
But that setup does not address perhaps the most compelling push to decouple the top two roles: the need, as corporations are under increasing scrutiny, to prove that the company takes governance seriously.
's pay, are one of the most invidious tools in the comp racket.
We parked near the Trostle Farm, the next stop on our CD-guided battlefield tour, and heard the tale of Daniel E. Sickles, a Union general.
The sun eventually smiles, and the mustachioed bad guy gets his comeuppance in "Brundibar," the opera for children that opened last night at the New Victory Theater.
Sitting in his office on the 18th floor of 599 Lexington, he looks out on about four million square feet of real estate -- and owns four million more in the city beyond -- that attest to his acumen at buying and selling hard assets.
With time running out, the fans again cheered Leetch's name.
But that's not the same as believing in nothing.
AZT, a cancer medication from the 1950's, turned out to be a breakthrough, but thanks to its manufacturer, Burroughs Wellcome, a year's supply initially cost about $10,000.
Texans Exploring Trade INDIANAPOLIS, Feb. 26 (AP) -- Charley Casserly, general manager of the Texans, said Sunday that Houston had been talking to teams about trading the first pick in the 2006 draft.
The colors there are orange and black, and I made it a point to choose orange” for the devices, he said.
Hewlett executives said that was because the company optimized each printer head -- the strip of silicon containing the microscopic ink nozzles -- for its printer, ink and paper.
Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Article from LBO Wire » Go to Article from The Telegraph »
(700 Prospect Street, La Jolla; 858-454-3541; and 1001 Kettner Boulevard, downtown; 619-234-1001.)
may have problems, but the infusion of young players isn't one of them.
There are two kinds of alumni, those who want to share their happiness by talking about it and those who can’t get away from their happy classmates fast enough.
Perhaps as many as one million people in the United States could benefit from a cochlear implant.
They invite us into a fitful, continuing monologue in which Wright's "I" addresses a (frequently) capitalized "You," his name for God.
The 69 stations reach about half the population of the United States.
They told me they think it is a very low-class kind of drug, and there was a kind of revulsion to it."
The last restaurant meal we had eaten as a family -- an upscale pub lunch -- had set us back £80.
120; and cutting the fat and calories in some of the most popular items.
SIZE -- Lambertville 1.1 square miles; New Hope 1.6 square miles.
I have no idea how they get in,” said Mr. Jarvis, noting that at least, as house guests go, they are not so bad.
"You didn't know that, did you?
While some lawmakers were trying to slow the pace of the contest, Representatives Boehner and Blunt were headed in the opposite direction, trying to line up as much firm backing as they could in the drive toward the 116 House Republican votes needed for election.
The amazing counterpoint at the end of No.
It also put into jeopardy his 2005 individual title and Baylor's 2004 team championship.
Photo: Microsoft and its Xbox 360 might be the beneficiaries of Sony's decision to delay its next PlayStation.
PICKS -- "Boys Don't Cry" by the Cure; "Don't Stop Believin' " by Journey; "Gold Digger" by Kanye West.
Your name is not on the staff e-mail list that is returned in response to a message to staff@nytimes.com.
But her priorities reflect in many ways those of Congress as a whole.
It was, though at the moment the market is making decisions that museums once made, and most new art is about as crazy and unpredictable as a pocket calculator.
Sales at Apple's retail stores rose to over $1 billion for the first time, the company said.
Richard Mueller officiated at St. John the Evangelist Catholic Church in Naples, Fla. Mrs. Lang, 34, is a stock trader for Instinet, a company used by institutions to trade large blocks of shares with each other without using the exchanges.
The 2006 version of the annual free-form arts gathering ends on Labor Day.
In keeping with Faulks’s use of the conventional cross-channel divide between the abstract thought of the Continent and the empirical turn of the British mind, he bases Jacques’s idea of “psychophysical resolution” on Freudian theory.
TO measure executive compensation, Sunday Business studied 200 large public companies that filed proxies by March 31 for last year.
And Reynold Levy, who as president of Lincoln Center is leading a $650 million redevelopment project, said: “Your attendance increases because people are curious and interested in the new facility.
“Accepted” will make for a passable alternative to sold-out shows of “Snakes on a Plane,” but it’s a disappointing debut for the director Steve Pink.
by cracking clues planted on the cover of "The Da Vinci Code."
He graduated from Fairfield University.
In papers filed on Tuesday with the city's Office of Administrative Trials and Hearings, the Buildings Department also charged that Mr. Scarano failed to protect neighboring buildings from damage during excavation work on at least four other projects in Brooklyn and Manhattan .
asks Dr. Susan G. Nayfield, the chief of the geriatrics branch at the National Institute on Aging.
"Temperature" came less than halfway through Thursday's show, which showed why Sean Paul will never be one of reggae's great performers (for starters, he runs out of breath every other line), why he will never be one of reggae's great lyricists (he's not interested in clever phrases or unexpected rhythms) and also why none of that really matters.
Recalled LW Noah Clarke from Manchester of the AHL.
There’s a bill in front of the legislature right now that we can’t get out of the committee because the chairman of the Senate Education Committee, Senator Turner , won’t post it.
The acquittal two weeks ago unleashed a rare outrage in this country, just as it raised uncomfortable questions about the uneven course of justice in a society evermore polarized between the well-heeled and the rest.
The best Washington merlots reveal a structure and earthiness that you rarely see in the typically plusher, softer California versions.
Her journalism has generally done better justice to its subjects, at least treating them less coyly.
The excellently titled but narrowly conceived “Wunderground: Providence, 1995 to the Present,” at the Rhode Island School of Design Museum, scratches the surface of an immensely rich cultural moment.
Many young adults cannot afford to buy on Long Island, Ms. Keegan said.
Beloved father of Jo & David, grandfather of Michael and Noah, father-in-law of Robin and Paul Hallingby, Jr. You were the best Daddy ever!!
But Wodehouse had a sure sense of the boundaries of his world.
In Washington on Wednesday, Republicans and Democrats on the House Homeland Security Committee released a statement saying that FEMA should remain within the Department of Homeland Security.
The deaths were not caused by avian influenza, according to the Georgian government and the World Health Organization, which has reviewed the laboratory results of biological samples taken from the girls.
The songs are short, loud, silly, melodic and not particularly complicated.
An 800-member rescue team searched for the miners, but there was no word on whether any of them was believed to be alive, four days after the mine flooded with water on Thursday.
Seventeen-year-old Jared Elario gave up Utley's third single but nothing else.
Revenue fell 3 percent, to $12.7 billion, as some drugs lost patent protection.
With the task force recommendations due June 1, Mr. Lennon issued a warning: "Any student contemplating leaving their high school right now to pick up additional courses needs to be aware the N.C.A.A.
“Our project is modeled in part on what’s been happening on the West Coast, where office space geared toward media companies is springing up around film studios.” Given an explosion of film and television production in New York City in the last two years, a targeted commercial office sector is perhaps less of a gamble than building on speculation in hopes of catching the overflow of Midtown.
Avoid breaths that are too large or forceful.
"So who to blame for the elevation of the Destroyer Car -- the first enemy that comes to hand for anyone of age in this age -- to godhead .
From left, DIANA SYLVARIA, ALFRED G. VANDERBILT, PAUL SZAPARY and MAUREEN DONNELL.
To the Editor: "This Bud's for the Children" (Sept. 24) suggests that fund-raising by Washington University alumni and their friends is an appropriate occasion for overdrinking.
There are Spy alums editing Time, Playboy and Fortune.
As for the defense lawyers, the juror gave them decidedly mixed reviews.
The whole production, in fact, seems about off-screen vanity gratification, and whatever's interesting about Ms. Dickinson and her schemes is just not visible on camera.
Ms. Sheridan allowed that Lars von Trier's film "Dancer in the Dark," with the Icelandic pop singer Bjork, shares some of the same impulses that drive her film -- "How it turned the music into a lifeline and something very primal, not something sugarcoated on top."
The guy in charge handed me a card listing the vintage Air Jordan models, brandishing it with a flourish as if he were the sommelier with a list of rare wine.
"There was just too much uncertainty about what the company would do with May," said Arun Daniel, a senior analyst at ING Investment Management, which owns about a million Federated shares.
Matt Shendell was looking at apartments.
"I learned a long time ago, what stays in your house stays in your house.
The attentive reader may ask: Isn't this more or less the same thing Coupland did in his 1995 novel "Microserfs"?
Unless you buy a matching Duet dryer at about $900 to sit next to it, your laundry room will look like a squinty-eyed pirate.)
But late last month, when a CD of Sergeant Feder's act was mailed to police officials and members of the City Council, the laughter stopped.
He collapsed from exhaustion in the high altitude when he crossed the finish line after eclipsing the mark set by George Rhoden of Jamaica.
He broke down and cried on the shoulder of one of our security guys."
Navigate to the folder or place on the Mac where you have stored your exported Favorites file and click on the Import button to pull in the bookmarks.
It’s admirable in its theme but it never comes alive in Brothers Grimm fashion.
"The Gift of Winter," through Feb. 20 at TADA!, 15 West 28th Street, Chelsea, (212) 252-1619, ext.
"When he arrived for the inauguration, the square simply started chanting my name, completely independent of my desires or his."
Indicating to me by comic pantomime that Abdelhak likes to drink, Goytisolo hid the bottle of Crozes-Hermitage I'd brought.
1:30 and 3 p.m., Clemente Soto Vélez Cultural Center, 107 Suffolk Street, at Rivington Street, Lower East Side, (212) 696-6681; cover, $10 per set; $7 for students; free for children 14 and under.
It is not clear what will happen to the rest of the money, although the Canadian trade minister, David Emerson, said some of it might be used for Gulf Coast hurricane relief.
Like so much modern Indian writing, then, "English, August" is concerned with cultural alienation and dislocation.
The curfew in Mosul was extended today.
For breaks from his isolation, Mr. Swanson would clear out his papers and give impromptu parties to reconnect with his high-powered friends in the outside world -- and, no doubt, to generate interest in his project.
To the Sports Editor: Re "Buckeyes' Smith Collects Heisman in a Runaway," Dec. 10: The sports media demonstrated their short memory and a disregard for the integrity of amateur sports by awarding Ohio State University quarterback Troy Smith the Heisman Trophy on Dec. 9.
There was a time when the Mets and the Yankees believed public money should pay for most or all of their stadiums.
With New York's most popular team, the Knicks, finished playing for about six months, Brett Yormark, the president and chief executive of Nets Sports & Entertainment, sees an opportunity for the Nets to gain marketing momentum.
While these are signs that people here are no longer still openly at war, it doesn't mean that peace has broken out to the extent that the rest of the world thinks it has.
The bride, 30, is keeping her name.
He prevailed on General Abizaid to order the Marine battalions that were advancing through Falluja to halt.
While questions remain about the value of exchange shares and about the exchange's ability to complete its transformation, what is clear is that Mr. Thain is now free from the shackles of a membership-owned organization.
"If it doesn't make a difference, if it's commodity business, you can go to Big Bank Corp.," he said, derisively referring to the giant financial supermarkets like Citigroup and J. P. Morgan Chase.
Devoted grandfather of Leonard, Dina, Steven, David, Minda, Robert, Adam and the late Michael.
Charlie was that kind of man.
Ashley was a figure in the public relations field for many years and was President of The Lynn Farnol Group.
SIGNATURE DRINK Ultimate Champagne cocktail, Laurent-Perrier with Hennessey V.S.O.P.
"But I think the job he's done is overlooked, just because of the talent we have," Steve Yzerman, Detroit's 40-year-old captain, said Wednesday by telephone.
Ben Wallace is second in the league in rebounding to Orlando's Dwight Howard, another player surprisingly snubbed.
A spokeswoman for Maersk in New Jersey declined to comment.
ASBURY PARK, N.J., April 5 - Asbury Park's hopes of redevelopment have been frustrated by more than a decade of failed plans, bankrupt developers and corruption.
And each time, the peer-raised monkeys would race to the back, and then a few would mirror human resilience by coming forward.
Friday at 8:30 p.m. Tickets: $13.
In a statement, the company, Dubai Ports World, said its $6.85 billion purchase of the Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation Company of Britain included 30 terminals in 18 countries.
The merchants will receive up to $9.6 million if they relocate within an economic empowerment zone in the South Bronx, and substantially less if they move elsewhere.
A local landmark dating to 1824, the Stone Church, which has neither heat nor plumbing, continues to have services in the summer.
or forecasting the strength of the insurgency.
Next came announcements of a $50 iPod remote with built-in FM radio and an updated iLife creative software suite (iPhoto, iMovie, iDVD, GarageBand and a new Web design program called iWeb).
Even without public money, the hospital is expected to break even by early 2007, according to the agency.
"I think a lot of people picked the Lakers to beat us in the series, so we're kind of looking for the confidence that we displayed throughout the year."
Doree Greenberg, Chair Sally Pearce Passover Outreach Beth Anisman, Chair, Volunteer Services Jamie Bloom, Acting Director, Volunteer Services $(6$)PEARCE--Sally The Board of Trustees and staff of the Jewish Board of Family and Children's Services acknowledge with great sadness the death of Sally Pearce.
It can have the promise, too, of containing next-big-things: if you follow jazz, there were bands you might have seen before and others that you might have only heard about.
THE PRIME OF MISS JEAN BRODIE By Jay Presson Allen, adapted from the novel by Muriel Spark; directed by Scott Elliot; sets by Derek McLane; costumes by Eric Becker; lighting by Jason Lyons; sound by Daniel Baker; composer, Tom Kochan; production supervisor, PRF Productions; production stage manager, Valerie A. Peterson; assistant director, Marie Masters; dialect coach, Stephen Gabis.
(In recent years, information about the ban has been included in the village's seasonal newsletter.)
For contrast, there are visits to local markets and wildlife viewing in the Nilgiri Biosphere Reserve.
Ms. Buck is the other half of Pies 'n' Thighs; the classic cookies and pies she makes for the restaurant are on a par with the best homemade baked goods I have ever had the fortune of eating.
His incisive and precise work earned him an international reputation and led him to be considered "the leading authority in the world on the subject" of Johnson, said Robert DeMaria Jr., a professor of English at Vassar College.
The menu offers good, simple French food, such as confit de canard and roast chicken (both served with generous helpings of crunchy potatoes for 9 euros), so children should easily find something they like beyond the dessert menu, which features, among other treats, a gooey plate of profiteroles.
Table talk covered eternal folk- club topics like the inestimable merits of Bob Dylan’s songwriting and the importance of authenticity in the artist’s daily life.
Ms. Oliveros said she made her preferences known, even if the language of wine tasting eluded her.
It all turned out well, as Cinderella stories do.
I grabbed the iPod, its whiteness streaked with dirty water.
Makers of compact sensors are hitting physical limits on the ability to align the tiny individual lenses that sit on top of every pixel to concentrate the incoming light.
Jan. 22 at 2 p.m. Free.
This addition, which is planned to be the last residential piece of the development, will consist of 14 two- and three-bedroom residence club units in villas and 24 full-ownership condominiums.
Some defend earmarks to small cultural groups in rural or disadvantaged urban areas as essential for their survival.
In the study, it slowed skin thickening and lung function deterioration, lessening patients' breathlessness.
In another development, Javad Vaidi, the head of Iran's nuclear delegation, told reporters on Friday that if the resolution reported Iran to the Security Council, it would be the end of a Russian proposal under which uranium would be enriched for Iran's energy purposes at a site in Russia under solely Russian authority.
We offer our Kos Tanchumim to Edward Pincover and Ruth Moss on the loss of his beloved mother and her cherished sister.
"I'm a skeptic until I see proof that you can actually reduce human infections," says Dr. Donald Louria, professor of preventive medicine at New Jersey Medical School, part of UMDNJ.
They were in and out of the foster care system.
"When people move into this building, they don't want to leave," he said.
At 11:48 p.m. Tuesday, an emergency worker said, "They did find them, and they're all O.K.
The film won four Oscars and tied, with an Akira Kurosawa epic, for the Palme d'Or at Cannes.
His sentence was less than the 12-year term handed down this month to the former chief executive of CA, Sanjay Kumar, who pleaded guilty to the same crimes.
Overwhelmed by emergency cases, its outpatient department is closed.
"There are still tremendous advances that are going on today," said Dr. Bernard Brucker, Utley's physician at the Miami Jewish Hospital Biofeedback Center.
"They had much more meat than they ever offered before," he said of the meeting.
On Monday, the authorities said little about the theft of "Children with a Cart," painted in 1778.
is so successful in its operations, why hasn’t it caught the person(s) responsible for the anthrax attacks that terrorized this country several years ago?
"What I don't understand is why when you're proposing the Patriot Act, you don't set up an oversight mechanism for this?"
But in truth Jordan had not been insulated from the radicalism that has engulfed the Mideast in our time: in 1970 and '71, Jordan's Palestinians, who then, as now, made up a majority of the country's population (today, 5.6 million), erupted, and their insurrection was brutally put down.
He earned a one-year, $1.2 million deal, a pittance for most Yankees, a fortune for him.
Into this debate steps Don Young of Alaska, the Republican chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee.
The company, Ms. Norcross said, was forced to work with an ever-shifting cast of oversight organizations and at least 15 government contracting officials.
That would not be me.
The regime is still in control, and its officials are masters at manipulating the international community.
He criticized news coverage of the registry and said he and his wife were being unfairly portrayed.
Governor Romero has been negotiating with airlines for flights into the city and has helped to get hotels built.
After a period of uninspiring performance for hedge funds, some managers are throwing in the towel and taking jobs with prominent firms like Fidelity Investments and Legg Mason.
“But a hospital will grind to a halt if it’s out of fuel.” The American University Hospital, the region’s pre-eminent medical research and treatment center, never closed its doors during the civil war or during numerous Israeli bombardments that followed.
Reactions among ordinary Arabs were less subtle, particularly among the Palestinians mired in Lebanon's refugee camps, where Mr. Sharon was once accused of fomenting a massacre by Lebanese Christian forces in the wake of the invasion he orchestrated in 1982.
Photo: Webster M. Smith, a cadet at the United States Coast Guard Academy in New London, Conn., is being court-martialed on charges that include rape, sodomy, extortion and assault.
Correction: April 21, 2006, Friday An article yesterday about the problems that led to the breakdown of the Roosevelt Island Tramway gave an erroneous location from tramway officials for a company that is repairing the system's backup electrical gear.
Because more than a little rain has fallen into the life of Mel Gibson, the release of his action-adventure Mayan epic, "Apocalypto," has been washed out of summer and into late fall, The Associated Press reported.
“Let’s just say that if I’m smoking during Ramadan and someone asks me to put out my cigarette, I do and I apologize.
Burroughs is best known as the author of the hallucinogenic, drug-addled novel "Naked Lunch," which was banned in Boston on obscenity charges in 1962 and then, in a reversal, won a landmark censorship ruling by the Massachusetts courts in 1966.
"Be oriented toward the truth," because lying or avoiding reality almost never leads to positive results.
But he was being realistic.
A friend introduced us to Jason (né Dell) and Tonya (née Osborne) Delborne, who have been happily merged for a decade.
The Uniformed Firefighters Association earlier this year linked the deaths of two firefighters and a battalion chief — from lung disease and respiratory ailments — to the air at ground zero, although the Fire Department itself has not formally acknowledged that those deaths were connected to ground zero work.
REBOUNDS Larry Brown said this Knicks season was reminiscent of another infamous one.
"I don't think that Bill Weld represents the hopes and aspirations of the working- middle-class families; I don't think he understands our problems," said Mr. D'Amato, 68, who grew up working class, but who recently graduated to a 5,000-square-foot house on an oceanfront lot in Lido Beach on Long Island.
These two are better at keeping secrets than Edward VIII and Wallis Simpson.
Along the way he wrote bestselling books on economics and investing, was a syndicated newspaper columnist, edited two successful newsletters, and gave hundreds of speeches.
The phrases, he said, "had to be something that you could add onto your typewritten letter."
Tent, sleeping bag, G.P.S., camping mattress and, more important, food, are all forbidden.
In a news conference on Tuesday, Mr. Pataki responded to such criticism by saying that the cuts were "targeted very fairly."
But there's no question that the amount of disposable income that the average household has left over after taxes and paying bills -- not home equity, but the cash you can sock away for a rainy day or a leaky roof -- was closer to 10 percent a couple of decades ago.
He also told local reporters, "Portland is facing a crisis in education, and being able to fund our children's future -- that's my top priority, to find funding for that."
With Chien-Ming Wang striking out a career-high eight over seven innings, the Yankees cruised.
This inviting little Italian sandwich shop and wine bar has been wildly popular since it opened in 1999.
NASA had planned to fly the Discovery in May, but decided to go for the next available launching period, July 1 to July 19, to complete modifications on the large external fuel tank to reduce the chances that it would shed insulating foam and to replace some sensors inside the tank.
He carried the torch at the Salt Lake opening ceremony, tripping a bit on a step before handing it to Dorothy Hamill.
Mr. Cheney, she said, agreed.
"Italy is prisoner of its own politics, and it was as if there were other things that were more important," said Emanuela Audisio, a sports journalist who is covering the Games for the Italian newspaper La Republica.
In a new "Star Wars" novel, a Jedi mission to colonize worlds beyond the known galaxy becomes a fight for survival.
"But given the magnitude of the event, perhaps the fund-raising could be presented as something very affirming."
He died the next day.
The cause was congestive heart failure, his family said.
“Men are as passionate as women are about working out, but they don’t share that passion” of talking about clubs, he said.
Built around 1850 by Charles Denison, a Manhattan merchant, and later occupied by Samuel White, his son-in-law, the long-abandoned property is covered in graffiti and surrounded by empty soda bottles and rusty spray paint canisters.
Alex Rios doubled in the first run, but Damon followed with a sensational catch off Vernon Wells, backhanding the ball in the air while spiking the padded fence.
When the moratorium ends next April, it is likely that there will be new zoning codes covering an area of 4,182 acres, Mr. Heaney said.
It's the person who resolves the uncertainties and learns the fastest who will win.
And oh, by the way, they have to please consumers.
Mr. Pataki, in his last year as governor and dabbling at running for president, sounded characteristically risk-averse as he called the decision fair -- but did not rule out another appeal.
Mr. Capoccia, a principal in BFC Partners, one of three partners developing Schaefer Landing, a three-building waterfront complex nearing completion in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, said he paid the market price for his three-bedroom penthouse.
Not an easy task on television.
Then he pointedly criticized the companies' performance.
r. Why are shipping industry experts “befuddled” by opposition to the Dubai deal?
Here's what I do know.
The US Airways Group, which left bankruptcy protection by merging with America West Airlines in September, reported a fourth-quarter net loss of $261 million from higher fuel costs and acquisition expenses.
May they find comfort among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
PropertyShark and other sites like it are changing the dynamics of real estate transactions.
Photo: Houston Street, Manhattan, Jan. 3.
An analysis using information from TransFair shows that cocoa farmers get 3 cents of the $3.49 spent on a 3.5-ounce chocolate bar labeled "organic fair trade" sold at Target.
But it's even more crucial to understand Bernard's unhealthy relationship with his research subject, Sam's self-loathing about her writer's block and her perceived failures as a mother and, moreover, the unusual relationship between siblings with seven years between them.
“I’m not cutting my trip short,” said Barry Porter, from Melbourne, Australia, who had just suggested to friends that they join him in Bangkok.
After meeting and sharing pictures and reminiscences with family members, and armed with two bottles of family-produced wine, he makes his way back home.
Last year's quarterly results included a one-time gain of $26 million, or 6 cents a share, from stock option expensing.
(I, for one, did not dip more than my ankle into the ocean for nearly two years after seeing "Jaws" and refuse to watch "Open Water" even for a minute.)
Katherine Doyle Somerset, N.J., Jan. 10, 2006
The plan for palm oil plantations on Borneo was signed during a visit by the Indonesian president, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, to Beijing last July.
I remember the desk staff.
In 2003 the institute created a "Drive to Survive" campaign in which Mr. Weaver led a fleet of alterative-fuel vehicles on a cross-country tour to Washington to raise awareness about reducing the country's dependence on oil.
She lists her home on HomeExchange.com and on ExchangeHomes.Com and includes in her description the nearby hiking trails, beaches and wineries, as well as the foosball and air hockey tables in her den.
But the emerging details are raising concerns among some archaeologists and other scholars at a time of growing scrutiny of the dealers who sell antiquities and of the museums and collectors who buy them.
The unit has 20,000 employees worldwide.
If he succeeds, he will be the first double amputee to scale Everest.
Extracted from the original Indian, with its highly spiced foundation of garlic, ginger, chili peppers, cardamom and cumin, it's Indian lite.
Mr. Hayes's passion for food and wine also led him to suggest for the wedding reception the Hotel El Convento, where Ms. Mandés's father once worked.
Within a week, they were in love.
If that fails, contact the FIFA booking service, but don't get your hopes up.
Tomorrow I think Fernando has confidence against Andy and then it will still be open.
An overwhelming case must be made to justify the collection of sensitive information about the health of private citizens.
There is also a dependence on stored capability, which is not very reliable.
World famous aerial photographer William A. Garnett passed away at his home in Napa surrounded by family Saturday, August 26th.
"I believe they are being paid what they are worth.
Shares in Telefónica Publicidad fell 2 percent and shares in Yell, of Reading, England, fell 2.9 percent.
"It is a delicate task of developing a Chinese market without this becoming a gray-market product flooding other markets," said Hugh L. Stephens, Time Warner's senior vice president for international relations and pubic policy in Asia and the Pacific.
A new category of powerful desktop computers, which are no larger than a best-selling novel, is possible because of a recent engineering feat that led to multicore processing.
Some of these New Yorkers are stunned by the redesign.
3; the Dixie Chicks' "Taking the Long Way" (Sony) held at No.
Mr. Dingell, who began serving in the House in 1955 and is the chamber’s senior member, said he intended to work with Republicans in shaping legislation because “it’s best to legislate from the middle.” But he also said that “it won’t be the easiest task because the far right has controlled the House and I’m not sure how we can emancipate the Republican Party and work with them.” One big winner from the election is organized labor, which has been increasingly marginalized in Washington in recent years and now has some important allies in leadership positions.
Royal bedrooms and bathing quarters were places to conduct business, both private and public, and the collisions and conjunctions of these two spheres form the basis of Fraser’s tale of kingly exuberance.
Also among the 40 teams selected were 6 that won regular-season titles but lost in their conference tournaments.
IONA--Promoted Christi Abbate to women's associate head coach.
The name refers to the couple who own it, Peter Mantas, the chef, and Leslie Feingold, who makes the desserts.
"And to do so in sexual relations, even if one's purpose is not to contracept, but merely to stop the spread of disease, one would still be opting for something that drastically disorders those sexual relations.
“We realized that one of the things that keeps people coming back to television are the characters, the recurring personalities that the viewer gets to know and identify with, or maybe they begin to dislike,” he said.
To the Editor: Kim McLarin's essay made me question where we have come with regard to race relations in America.
Faith Prince and Tom Wopat continue through Feb. 25 at Feinstein's at the Regency, 540 Park Avenue, at 61st Street; (212) 339-4095.
Care to bet the over on 2:55:38?
Victoria Gotti scoffed at the assertion that her late husband had a secret second family.
With everything turning out all right, Simon is more or less unrepentant, and we can tell that Adèle will be obliged to go through the same thing next day.
He believed, as he said, that he had to get out of Oklahoma to live the full life he wanted.
In the distance, I saw my damp old booth.
Then there is the problem of her property taxes -- $24,000 a year -- not easy to come up with, especially on a fixed income.
Stifel, Nicolaus & Co. Massachusetts Water Pollution, $862 million of abatement trust bonds.
Infosys Technologies, for instance, has a consulting unit with headquarters in Fremont, Calif., near Silicon Valley, where it now has 200 consultants, and an additional 1,800 consultants in India.
Mr. Lieberman had insisted that the charge was a distortion of his record and it took his comments out of context, the story said.
"By having this market here, we will be unique as a training facility."
One little boy poked his head in and said, "How do you get to be old?"
As someone who voluntarily spoke at length about my actions in Iraq to investigators, without a lawyer present, I can't have a favorable opinion of General Miller.
But this indifference to material possessions, however calculated, is also a very British attitude.
From a medical perspective, it was straightforward.
At a symposium that covered centrifugal force, the plating of smoke and the distillation of soil, it may be no surprise that the biggest ovation went not to a chef but to Harold McGee, the American food science expert and the author of the book "On Food and Cooking" (Scribner, 2004).
The work evokes thoughts of love, loss, regret and searing personal pain with great subtlety and discretion; it should be seen again soon.
Upstairs there is a tequila and rum bar.
At the Imaginasian Theater, 239 East 59th Street.
He insisted that he posted them before Chang’s letter, but he said that the Yankees did not believe him.
I'm not suggesting that you do.
Second-home buyers, real estate agents say, can afford bigger and better houses in Desert Hot Springs than in Palm Springs.
And when the renovation, designed by John Ronan, 43, was completed, they could not help but contrast it with the small, dark rooms of their Lakeview home.
LAGOS, Nigeria , July 19 (Agence France-Presse) — A sprawling four-story apartment complex in central Lagos collapsed Tuesday night, and rescuers working through the day Wednesday said at least 43 people had been confirmed dead and dozens had been unaccounted for.
Now I discovered, to my deep remorse, that they weren't on hand anymore.
"People were too optimistic," said Alex Vallecillo, who helps manage $18 billion at Allegiant Funds, based in Cleveland, which holds Texas Instrument shares.
"Undergraduate students will guide them in a molecule-building model workshop," said Jacqueline McCaffrey, director of education for the New York Academy of Sciences.
A sinkhole has formed in front of Richard's house (to make visual the sinkhole in his heart) and a horse stumbles into it one morning.
"I had absolutely no idea what I was doing," she said.
Strategists later blamed the incident for Mr. Lazio’s defeat, saying the moment had helped Mrs. Clinton with female voters who had started out wary of her.
West won with his king, returned a heart to East's ace, and received a heart ruff to defeat the contract and give Italy 12 international match points on the way to victory by 126 to 52.
Like "The Diary of Anne Frank," "Emil and Karl" will stir adults as well as the book's intended audience.
The orchestra announced that he would be replaced by the French conductor Ludovic Morlot, making his debut with the Philharmonic in that role.
While Mr. Tuttle and Mr. Kiehl had argued strongly that they did not want even labels to accompany the work, Mr. Kiehl said, "some battles you lose."
Whatever the exact inventory increases, the effect is a more relaxed home-buying environment.
The airline said it had reduced its operating expenses except fuel each year since 2000.
Mr. Chalayan said later that microchips were inserted in the corset or hat of each outfit and programmed to magically erase hems or lapels.
He is third in the league with 27 goals.
(Above from left: Mr. Hyde, Jai Rodriguez, Mr. Beckford and Ted Allen.)
"You see wildfires, you see a tornado, and who can forget the pictures of the Ninth Ward.
The Brooklyn Philharmonic Orchestra will present a mix of chestnuts and intriguing contemporary works by composers including Osvaldo Golijov, Julia Wolfe and Peter Sculthorpe in its second season under Michael Christie as music director.
Friday and March 18 at 9 p.m. Cover charge: $15.
"I think it would be irresponsible to do otherwise," he said in a speech at Georgetown University Law Center.
The operation has more than 110 courses: a complete filmmaking curriculum, classes on painting, drawing, sculpting and creative writing.
When not chasing leads, Bucky and Lee like to play house with Lee’s girlfriend, Kay (Scarlett Johansson), a plush blonde with a throaty laugh and battle scars.
He had 55 receptions for 694 yards and 10 touchdowns this season.
The younger you are -- and the more time you have to invest -- the more important it is to focus on the latter risk, said Stuart L. Ritter, a financial planner with T. Rowe Price in Baltimore.
One of them knew Ms. Hammerberg from law school and invited her to the party.
Admission: $1 to $5; free for children under 5.
His lifelong passion for journalism led to Mr. Ansell being elected Editor-in-Chief of the New York University Heights Daily News in 1944.
The first is a market change -- the sharp decline in both the stock market and interest rates, a combination unseen since the Great Depression.
But the program, whose benefits have been available for decades, has also allowed some homeowners who spend little time in the islands to avoid federal taxes estimated at $400 million.
Martha K. Hirst, the commissioner of the Department of Citywide Administrative Services, testified at the hearing that because of the decentralized administration of the program and the duration of the conflict in Iraq, “in some cases, city agencies have not put in place a set of consistent procedures for reminding returning servicemen and women of their repayment obligations and setting up repayment plans.” To correct that situation, she said, the city would centralize the administration of the program under her department.
Go to Article from LBO Wire »
Since no home health attendant is willing to work in the house, Melanie fills that role.
Another four companies -- three from India and one from South Africa -- will make the antiretroviral drug efavirenz for as little as $240 per patient per year.
Not bad for a company that was forced to reduce its initial offering price to $85 a little more than two years ago because of lackluster demand.
With every small detail of these events already subject to microscopic scrutiny, Mr. Swanson more often chooses to emphasize the big picture.
From New Hampshire Hall" are delightful, schools with Harvardian endowments do not rely on your largess.
Still, the researchers said they would have expected to see a greater effect if it had been true that too much television played a role in the obesity of the subjects.
Results from an autopsy performed Thursday morning will not be available for weeks, said Charles Tubbs, chief of the West Caldwell police.
West knew that South had the club ten because if East had had that card, he would have played it at Trick 1.
The Times used some of the money to beef up the Washington bureau as it geared up for coverage of the 2006 and 2008 elections.
Sharon Levy, executive in charge of production for Spike TV.
To the Editor: Debra A. Klein's "Spate of Copter Crashes Prompts Concern" (Practical Traveler, Feb. 5) was very informative.
In memory of the "Countess from The Bronx" on her birthday, with love from her longtime friend Christie
So the two sides — producer and consumer — use different terms to describe certain shopping tactics.
In a typical letter to House Democrats, Ms. Pelosi said the law had been "written by special interests" — pharmaceutical and insurance companies — and had done "nothing to bring down soaring drug costs."
Interment to follow at the New Montefiore Cemetery.
Richard Adams, a former McDonald's executive who now works as a consultant for franchisees, says the average store sells roughly 50 salads a day and 50 to 60 Premium Chicken Sandwiches, compared with 300 to 400 double cheeseburgers from the Dollar Menu.
The vocabulary of furnishings -- the stainless steel sinks, the antique saltware, the modernist furniture, the white bistro china -- reads like a primer on contemporary taste.
But in interviews, other former and current senior officials have offered alternative explanations.
Really, I'd rather test electrical sockets with a wet finger.
In addition, assurances from Michael Chertoff, the homeland security secretary, are not all that comforting in light of recent events.
For, he hopes, about 29 more spring trainings.
The eclectic caregivers -- one mother, one father, one aunt and one grandmother -- included Elmo's charming handlebar-mustachioed dad, whose dingy Villagey apartment had cheap bars on its windows, and Prairie Dawn's equally appealing sunburned mother, who wore turquoise jewelry and lavender eye shadow, talked like Ethel Merman and favored Miami décor.
Here's a third solution: fill the opening with a spectacularly large picture window.
The White House has signaled that Mr. Bush will highlight his support for expanding the tax deductibility of medical expenses for people who lack employer-provided insurance or who have out-of-pocket expenses.
The houses each have three occupied apartments.
And it's hard to change that because your employer, not you, picks the insurer.
The plush terms the company has received in the past from Gazprom are also a matter of much speculation.
Separate church and state, but not religion and politics.
During class time, they will search the museum collections to find and identify five objects (see IDENTIFICATION OF OBJECTS below, provided as a handout, along with the list of CRITERIA, for easier student access).
Just two decades ago, private aviation was exclusively the province of a global super- elite.
The vehicles, he said, looked like "angry kitchen appliances."
The team is struggling on the ice as well as at the gate.
Yet in advocating the workshop model, Mr. Gelb is hardly breaking new ground.
"This is not a partisan, anti-Microsoft group," said Simon Phipps of Sun Microsystems.
Although raloxifene reduces the risk of invasive breast cancer, it does not reduce the risk of an earlier form of the disease that can become invasive if it is not caught in time.
While teaching, he worked at the Washington firm Covington & Burling as counsel, becoming a partner in 1977 and senior counsel in 1986.
On July 8, the water authority warned residents to boil water after some water samples showed signs of E. coli bacteria, but further tests showed that there had never been any danger, officials said.
Auburn defeated Alabama in Iron Bowl.
He is also survived by his sister, Elayne Bernay of NYC; 10 grandchildren and five greatgrandchildren.
The estate pays about $59,000 a year in property taxes, triple what Mr. Stradtman paid before a townwide revaluation in 2004, although he had put the house on the market before the revaluation, and he said taxes had nothing to do with his plans to sell and move to a warmer climate.
Orbitz is a unit of Travelport, which is owned by the Blackstone Group.
Here is some help: money-saving tips on everything from hotel rooms to cultural events from New York Times correspondents and contributors in 15 major European cities.
The bill totaled about $42.
She and her husband, Nathan Kaufman, met residents, participated in a traditional dance, hiked through the rain forests and explored the nearby coral reefs on scuba-diving expeditions.
Ron Faria bogeyed the last hole for a 74 and tied for second at 143 with Abbie Valentine (73) and Jim Hazen (70).
This same strategy can work again.
" Once again The New York Times, like so many other publications, neglects to mention the book writer's contribution to a musical, in this case that (and a brilliant that) of George Furth.
On the ceiling is a canopy of hearts: wooden, ceramic and metallic hearts hanging haphazardly from strings and wires.
Security at the conference will be unusually tight, the official said.
"So by deferring deposits until the fall, we'll leave a little more oil on the market."
For them, preserving the park means restoring the landscape that existed before sheep, cattle, deer and elk were introduced.
The building upswing has been fueled by several converging factors, local officials say, including a drop in crime, better interest rates and a local government more friendly to development.
And Eppley Airfield, near Omaha, just wired its snack bar in the north boarding area with new sockets.
Always a master storyteller, Schama — an Englishman who has long made his home in the United States — has woven the strands laid out by those who went before him into an epic work that gets the reader's blood rushing as it debunks the traditional American view of the Revolution.
The fund would invest in about a dozen companies in the next three years, Mr. Byers said.
and supplying the Korean maker with its lenses.
Friday at 8 p.m. Free.
In this, the bleakest period of his illness, the family rallied with more prayer and began raising money to sustain them in the absence of the main breadwinner.
That phrase is used mostly by critics of abortion rights to describe a procedure that involves a partly delivered fetus after the first trimester of pregnancy.
“Now all these people come in and say, ‘Wow, what a beautiful place.’ But they don’t trust us to keep it that way.
Adored son of the late Dora and Charles Yevish.
During the 2000 Senate campaign, Corning's political action committee gave $3,000 to Mrs. Clinton, compared with $9,000 for Mr. Lazio, the Republican.
Her thighs were the worst -- the rash was confluent, red and quite sensitive.
Now, however, Sudan and Chad are building up forces and fighting skirmishes along their border in Darfur.
A two-night package including meals and activities -- like learning to ride an elephant -- costs $3,260 for two people; 800-332-3442; www.fourseasons.com Paws Up, a wilderness resort just outside Missoula, Mont., opened Tent City last year as an alternative to its private cabins.
In the meantime, motorists crossing Oahu over one of its three mountain pass highways have been treated to spectacular waterfalls, and the normally brown Diamond Head towers in a lush green over Waikiki.
SUNDARAM--Kalyan, 73, died July 13, 2006.
“It is more important for the state than for myself that I should survive,” he had told friends.
The Nasdaq composite index lost 40.56 points, or 1.8 percent, to close at 2,262.04.
Homewood Suites is looking for a site in Manhattan, he added.
Liz Durrett On her beautifully dark and bittersweet new album, "The Mezzanine" (Warm), Liz Durrett keeps the songs sparse in accompaniment -- nylon-string guitar and spacey keyboard -- to allow her lush and textured vocals to take on a full surround-sound quality.
The charms of Symphony No.
"That's O.K.," he said, unruffled,putting the book back on the table.
VISITOR INFORMATION Ethiopian Airlines (800-445-2733; www.flyethiopian.com ) flies four times a week from Dulles Airport near Washington to Addis Ababa, the capital, with a stop in Rome.
Cheney’s skill is getting others to do the dirty work, not doing it himself.
Our former prime minister Pierre Elliott Trudeau stands as probably the most (if not the only) truly charismatic leader in North America in the past 50 years.
The best that Estrich can summon up as an argument for Coulter’s influence is the moist observation that: “What is wrong with being mean to get attention is that it plays to the worst in people, and in doing so it tears at our social fabric.” Ultimately, Estrich’s book, which lurches from pleading for one liberal pet cause to another, is a case study in intellectual flaccidity that can’t muster the energy to become a proper polemic.
In the one case where a news article, an Associated Press dispatch from Jan. 19, was clearly identified on the Web site, the campaign version appeared identical to the version found in the Nexis news archive.
14 1 SUMMER BREEZE, by Catherine Anderson.
A fund formed by private equity firms Texas Pacific Group and Warburg Pincus acquired Neiman Marcus in October.
While the West speaks of democracy and freedom, Muslims here tend to speak of justice.
And I believe sales are just starting to decline.
Adding to the questions about that, the D.U.I.
Thus, fear of violence was in the air on May 1, 1886, when, to support the start of a nationwide strike for the eight-hour workday, two prominent anarchists, August Spies and Albert Parsons, led 80,000 workers in a peaceful parade down Michigan Avenue.
In addition to the climbs of Batchawana Bay, more than 200 ice-climbing routes are found along Trans-Canada Highway 17 on Lake Superior's east and north shores.
Tennessee lawmakers, still reeling from an F.B.I.
Ms. Karan didn't exactly return to that dull shrine of respectability known as one's roots, but her collection this time looked far more direct and close to the bone than it has in a while.
You should probably pack Jack Spade luggage, Lilly Pulitzer everything else.
If Kate Moss, who is a model, uses cocaine and loses all her endorsements, that's a perfect example of the market working.
For years, tourists stuck notes to Juliet on the walls of the house with bubblegum.
Residents insist that their gated paradise is a real neighborhood and a true community, if a wealthy one, with Halloween shindigs for the kids, friendly movie screenings and dinner parties.
The court is also considering whether to hear an appeal from Jose Padilla, an American citizen suspected of planning a terrorist attack who was held by the military for almost three years without charges.
Clemens threw 66 pitches to minor leaguers as he prepared for the World Baseball Classic, then told reporters he was no closer to deciding his future beyond that event.
Will they really be prevented from bringing a bottle of water or a tube of toothpaste on board ever again?
But the dynamic tension will eventually give way to a tame experience, suggesting that Eisenman made plenty of compromises.
But you miss the point regarding Dubai World Ports.
Mr. Bonilla won 48.6 percent of the vote.
The European Union says it does not want to duplicate the overarching powers and cumbersome bureaucracy that the United Nations mission has had in Kosovo, which at one stage totaled 11,000 people, including international police officers.
Studying Judge Alito's opinions led him to a different conclusion, Professor Sunstein said: "Judge Alito's opinions have a different flavor.
(Mr. Sondhi is the publisher of an English-language supplement distributed in Thailand with The International Herald Tribune, which is owned by The New York Times Company.)
Ten of the 13 junior (15 to 18 years old) and senior (19 to 26) medalists had won honors in at least two other international competitions.
“Mostly it’s young people who are asking, ‘Is AIDS still around?
He creates workable concerts with limited rehearsal time.
The owners are in the dining room, stopping at every table to chat; that was how we heard the Dancing Bear story.
; and Maple Grove, Minn., and because of the company's failure to resolve problems inspectors had already pointed out.
Mr. Ritchie, 33, is a senior associate at Caxton-Iseman Capital, an investment firm in New York, analyzing and managing acquisitions.
"Where are the respected people to vote for on Fatah's list?
While I was in Beijing, the journal Nature reported that the city's air pollution was much worse than previously thought.
Kukkula cotton sheets by Marimekko come in sets, which include pillowcases.
The videotape, which was handed over to the authorities, showed Mr. Henry in a "military shooting position," Mr. Zirino said.
The question in Washington now is whether Republicans will do the same.
Over at the GoldDerby on TheEnvelope , Tom O’Neil takes a bungee jump, with no cord attached: Why, oh, why don’t I have the guts just to blab this out: “’Crash’ will win the Oscar for best picture!”?
The union says the deal would require Goodyear to drop plans to close the plant in Tyler, Tex., immediately in return for an offer of a retirement buyout.
For instance, the Air Force this week decided to take down a profile it put up last month on MySpace, the social networking Web site ( myspace.com ), partly because of concerns about inappropriate content that could be linked to the profile.
Mr. Hanson's three soldiers died, at different times and under very different circumstances, quite near one another, along the Somme.
The boldest heist involves snatching a briefcase through the open window of a taxi and speeding off.
Associate Professor of English at City College, he published numerous works of fiction.
A8 Sri Lanka Sets Peace Talks Sri Lanka's warring parties agreed to begin talking to each other after more than 18 months of deadlock over a site for peace talks and scores of killings in the meantime.
We met it head on and he started to have success."
GOLDSMITH--Jim, actor, artist, photographer, died October 28, 2006, age 71.
You can't control what people are going to say or do."
(Photo by Muhammed Muheisen/Associated Press)
She said that the rental market is still strong, but that each season has brought more requests for short-term weekly rentals (ranging from $3,000 to $10,000) rather than for the entire summer season (from $15,000 to $75,000).
's Worst Loss Since 1992 General Motors reported an $8.6 billion loss for 2005, despite having begun a revamping meant to reverse a string of losses and fend off competition.
Italy almost immediately began an investigation, with help in the United States from the F.B.I.
Service to be held at Rye Presbyterian Church on Sunday, March 12 at 2 P.M.
She moved to Brewster 5 years ago to be near her daughter and son-inlaw.
NIGHT TIME Though the 738-room Frank Lloyd Wright-influenced Arizona Biltmore Resort and Spa (2400 East Missouri Avenue, Phoenix; 800-950-0086; www.arizonabiltmore.com) has a luminous history -- Irving Berlin supposedly wrote "White Christmas" by the pool -- children are courted with kids' menus, cooking classes, yoga, golf, hikes, eight swimming pools and a water slide.
But that's because terrorist groups are like other employers: they accept the best candidates who apply.
An elegant glass tower with a refractive facade by James Carpenter Design Associates and a Shozo Toyohisa light installation within, it is the first of a series of dramatic retail makeovers for Gucci since it was decreed in 1998 -- and set in Lucite and ultrasuede by Tom Ford -- that all 200 of the brand's stores worldwide look exactly alike.
“They are not going to get anything fresh.” The Agatston group presented its proposal to the leadership of the Osceola district during the summer of 2004.
It was a Saturday night, and with more than 900 men logged onto the sex site Adam4Adam.com, he had no problem finding his quarry: a 25-year-old man nicknamed "Bronxplayer" who was looking to "party-n-play," cyberspace lingo for engaging in a sexual encounter enhanced with crystal methamphetamine.
I confided in a friend, a fellow occasional Ambien user, who said he woke up sometimes with Jackson Pollock-like splatters of Good & Plenty on his white T-shirts.
In 1996 she gave a recital with Mr. Ma and began her involvement with his Silk Road Project, which combines music from cultures along the ancient trade route between West and East.
"They alter the landscape to a significant degree," said Eliot Mintz, a publicist who represents Yoko Ono, Bob Dylan and Ms. Hilton, among others.
You want to get guys' attention.
Season six, which ran in 2004, charted her slow, lonely decline as younger officers jostled to take her place.
In case you haven't heard, your $52 million center fielder has a sore shoulder.
“Put the two together, and you get a really great firm.” In many respects, Dewey and Orrick resemble each other.
Actual swings experienced by the rovers' internal systems have usually been 50 to 70 degrees.
"You get a glimpse through into what's going on in the store," Mr. Marini said.
(Dargis) 'LA MUJER DE MI HERMANO' (R, 93 minutes, in Spanish) Zoë (Bárbara Mori) is a gorgeous, vapid wife who longs for children, but her distant spouse (Christian Meier) makes love only on Saturdays.
Tie it, tucking loose ends under the wrap.” I hate to think of thousands of American women scowling over the pages of this book in hopes of achieving something resembling l’art de vivre.
She selected the site for company's headquarters on a 10-acre stretch of land surrounding a former meat-packing plant in Northwest Washington and oversaw its building.
She announces to her accomplished older brother that instead of high salaries, she is "steadfastly pursuing a track that guarantees I'll never get paid more than three Triscuits and some spinach."
Judge Judi Clippinger, a justice of the town of Smyrna, N.Y., is to officiate.
Zach Feuer, 530 West 24th Street, (212) 989-7700, closing tomorrow.
On her way out the door -- after some questioning from Ms. West -- Nijerah tossed out, "No seriously, I do like Girl Scouts."
Beloved son of Diane and Philip Bartone.
The unit, about half the size of the average DVD player, comes with standard audio and video cables.
True, he's bracingly fierce about America's "peculiar institution" -- not much controversy there -- in a riff on how the ex-slaves of Freedom might have named their streets: "Take Kidnap to the end, make a left on Torture and keep on 'til you get to Lynch.
Those remarks suggest that the play may develop into an examination of how the social and economic divides in American culture can poison even the most promising marriages.
Accompanied by 12 traveling companions on a 14-day cruise, the Ruchelmans were returning to the port of Arica after an inland excursion to Lauca National Park in northern Chile on Wednesday.
Musicologists have long debated whether these are to be taken straight or as bitter protests disguised as paeans to the regime.
Mr. Awad said, "The speed at which the ship sank and the fact there were not enough life rafts on board seem to confirm there was a problem, but we cannot speak before the results of an investigation."
It's an easily executed stew, one you can make even in a slow cooker.
The chief executive of CSL, Brian A. McNamee, said the company would begin trials in the United States this year and hopes to win approval from the Food and Drug Administration in time to supply some shots for the 2007-8 flu season.
CREDIT CARDS All major cards.
He has accused Mrs. Clinton of undermining public support for the war, likening her criticism of President Bush to her opposition to the Vietnam War in the 1960’s.
As John E. Calfee of the American Enterprise Institute puts it, "If you tried to count the times aggressive pricing has hurt the marketplace, it's hard to get beyond zero."
She takes care in her writing to mask and balance her own store of unflattering observations.
is perfect here as Harold Thompson, a portly Norman Bates for our time.
At one point she is enraged to learn that the check he wrote to a charity drive at their child's private school bounced.
It was the Surrealist work, however, that aroused the greatest discrepancy between gay and straight perspectives.
The executive complimented her on the document's thoroughness and eye-popping presentation.
They were temporarily sent to other institutions.
But the next morning, when we hit the road, we discovered that the RoadMate's map data was too old to "know" about the water park.
Father of Robert, Ken and Janet.
Even as the population ages and more people like Mrs. Foley need them, geriatricians are in short supply.
"We don't have to sell it.
(Note to suburban zoning boards: The City of Aspen, Colo., is considering a measure to limit the size of houses there to 15,000 square feet, roughly the size of a small grocery store.
“We were just comparing futures and dreams,” she said.
Today, half a century after the first IUD became available, fewer than 1 percent of American women of childbearing age use one.
During the time the reports were being written, shares of Overstock continued to climb, reaching $77 in December of 2004 following a secondary offering and the buy recommendations of the analysts employed by Overstock’s underwriters.
is expected to dust off the Chevrolet Camaro name for a sporty design study.
But when a strange, syrupy scent descended on parts of New York City and New Jersey twice (and possibly three times) in the fall, theories spread faster than warm Aunt Jemima on pancakes.
And of those, she said, most offer the information only on their Web sites.
We extend our deepest condolences to his entire family.
The situation has become so bad that even residents of Hong Kong, whose economy is highly dependent on the adjacent region's growth, rue the environmental monster they have helped create.
As a choreographer, dancer and director, Ms. Dai drew upon this diverse background throughout her career.
It's easy to find American companies that call themselves computer recyclers, but it's hard to trace what they actually do.
Each job takes from 12 to 18 months.
Technology, particularly on the Internet, allows marketers to closely track consumer behavior.
The bridegroom graduated from Durham University in England.
This week's program offers three texture-minded trios, led by the trombonist Joe Fiedler, the trumpeter Roy Campbell Jr. and the multireedist Andrew Lamb.
New Jersey Performing Arts Center, 1 Center Street.
The others are at Short Beach, Long Beach, Longbrook Park and Boothe Memorial Park.
Detective Stroud was able to disarm his assailant, then shot him once, Detective Henderson said, declining to elaborate.
(Sinagra) DEBORAH GIBSON (Tomorrow) Back in the 1980's she was Debbie Gibson, a teenage pop star correlate to Molly Ringwald, charming her way up the charts with hits like "Shake Your Love" and "Lost in Your Eyes."
Even so, analysts and others believe that Mr. Hurd’s modesty has been an important factor in the company’s comeback.
And Mr. McCain, who is normally eager to talk to reporters, left immediately after finishing his speech and before Mr. Falwell offered his greeting to graduates.
This is how many times I've had to bring her home because she's wandering the damn street?"
The $250 a week they now set aside should grow, he said, to 10 percent to 15 percent of their combined income, which currently ranges from $170,000 to $250,000 a year.
On "Standing in the Way of Control," the band's third album, the music simmers as much as it boils, especially on the title track, a slow-building four-minute song with a pared-down disco beat.
It's much easier to get into the system if you're obviously sick, if you're bleeding or in pain.
cities are not candidates to play host to a Super Bowl simply because the average high temperature in early February must be at least 50 degrees, unless the game can be played in an enclosed stadium.
Mr. Colliton, who has a wife and five children in Poughkeepsie, N.Y., was indicted last week on charges of second-degree rape and patronizing a prostitute in the second degree.
When the emergency directive to license them was being discussed, regulators pushed for a 2 percent cap on fees.
M. Jodi Rell to use part of the state surplus to fully fund the teachers' pensions this year, and she recently championed that proposal.
Perhaps those who read Hungarian -- as many in New Brunswick's sizable Hungarian population do -- will get more out of the displays.
They also come to choose from the terrific house-made sausages (dry and fresh, $11.99 to $24.99 a pound), dozens of varieties of olives and the prepared foods that stock a 30-foot refrigerated display case.
Andrew P. Connolly, the vice chairman of Voice of the Ordained, said that a meeting between Bishop Murphy and diocesan priests in January 2004 to discuss the ban of Voice of the Faithful and other concerns failed to yield a clear result.
The lawsuit accuses the Gerson Lehrman Group and other defendants of paying two doctors in 2003 to give false information to reporters suggesting Biovail had set up a program to bribe them to prescribe a Biovail drug.
Still, Boeing may consider itself lucky.
I dropped my bones, splattering myself, finally settling on spooning a little soup forlornly into my mouth.
But in places where it is sold, Verizon’s television service, at $40 for about 200 channels, has attracted modest numbers of subscribers.
(Sinagra) KID ROCK (Tonight) A couple of Sheryl Crow duets and a recent cameo in an unauthorized sex tape haven't done a whole heck of a lot to renew interest in the Kid or his Southern-fried, Rust Belt rap-boogie.
5:30 p.m. 2) The Eiger Sanction If you want a fine dining experience, a terrific choice is Sanders 1907, named after Sander Johnson, who built the original two-story warehouse in 1907 (and whose granddaughter converted the first floor into a restaurant in 1982).
From knitters who want to take a step back and create their own yarn to those who simply want to be soothed by spinning's repetitive rhythms, more people are taking it up.
Ms. Donaldson's son started playing chess at the age of 4 and, last year, at 8, took second place in the national scholastic tournament for third graders.
But he pleaded guilty to conspiracy in connection with Sept. 11 and has asserted that he was meant to fly a plane into the White House that day.
The case was tried before Judge Eldon E. Fallon of Federal District Court, who is overseeing 5,700 Vioxx suits.
She also took them to Paris, where young William studied harmony in hopes of becoming a classical pianist.
DIAZ--Frank, Born in Puerto Rico, Frank was sent to the U.S. as a young boy without knowing English.
Mrs. Frith, 41, is an investment representative in the private wealth management division at Morgan Stanley in New York.
Mainstream versions of telenovelas, Mr. Farella said, would be a way for broadcasters to attract an important audience, which he referred to as "four-out-of-four viewers" -- that is, "people who will come back to watch a series four out of four weeks" rather than dip in and out, missing most episodes.
"I don't want to sound as if I'm enjoying this."
Ryanair Holdings, Europe's largest discount airline, reported an unexpected decline in third-quarter profit on soaring fuel costs and predicted that fares would drop.
It controlled the switches that guide the movement of trains between tracks and the signals that tell train operators whether to brake or accelerate.
In Washington, the State Department declined to weigh in on whether there had been a coup attempt or to comment directly on Mrs. Arroyo's response.
Restaurant X 117 North Route 303 Congers, N.Y. (845) 268-6555 www.xaviars.com/restx/ GOOD ATMOSPHERE -- Spacious and sprawling but warm and welcoming, in a lovingly refitted highway chophouse.
They have teamed with Roby, a sophomore guard who is the Buffs' leading scorer, to produce the 22nd-most efficient offense in the country.
Around the corner, closer to the river, is the Polish restaurant Kanal (15 Capel Street, 874-5850), packed nightly with Poles bonding over bottles of Lech and other homeland beers.
Stephen Payne plays the Peter Falk role: himself, in other words, and an ex-angel.
Coach Schofield said he gave opportunity to teenagers with no hope.
You expect fireworks, maybe a gun or left hook.
According to a senator he met with, he tried to dismiss his statement about the Constitution's not protecting abortion as merely part of a job application, which suggests he will bend the truth when it suits his purposes.
In the Book Review Hari Kunzru called "Blinding Light" a "bravura performance."
The amounts donated in the United States vary, but Converse is giving Red 15 percent of the revenue from its shoes sold online, Mr. Maddocks said.
"Four civilians who had made the observation it was a police car and they were police officers," Mr. Benson said.
Companies like Bosch-Siemens and Miele are thriving.
On Sunday, Mohammed al-Dhaheri, the Emirates' minister of justice and Islamic affairs, called the cartoons "disgusting and irresponsible," in comments published by the official news agency, WAM.
On the stage of the Patchogue Theater, festooned with poinsettias for the swearing-in ceremony, a church band performed a soulful rendition of "It's a Lovely Day" and no fewer than three clerics -- an imam, a rabbi and a Baptist minister -- blessed the proceedings.
With Mr. Bush saying little about Darfur, presidential leadership on Darfur is coming from Slovenia.
And then it kind of got more serious as time went on.” Mark and the mothers to be took the time to discuss every conceivable angle.
Building Vogtle Units 3 and 4 would, essentially, be a bet that a nuclear power plant will be superior to a new coal or gas plant in the long run.
The package also includes a car-racing game and a game of dodgeball to add some variety to all the music.
Manny Ramirez is the Ugly Dominican, and Hideki Matsui is the Ugly Japanese.
I would be able to determine immediately whose perfume was choking me in an elevator.
12 6 2 ALL NIGHT LONG, by Jayne Ann Krentz.
The Bergen County prosecutor's office, which is conducting the criminal investigation, was closed for the holidays on Friday and did not respond to several messages.
We'd rather have a tsunami than a war between Shia and Sunni."
"I don't think it's possible for Congress to produce responsible bipartisan legislation dealing with a program that Congress knows very little about," Senator Ron Wyden, Democrat of Oregon, said.
"He exploits that place where a young man is breaking with his father or doesn't have a father, and exploits a need during that transitional point in his life," Mr. Henderson said.
It happens at cheese counters.
The day before, Cafarelli was on two four-hour training missions in the bush, returning just before midnight.
Les Moonves, the head of CBS, "looked around the room and said, 'We love it.'
This year alone, we have committed more than $333.7 million to H.I.V.-AIDS prevention, treatment and care in South Africa, Namibia and Botswana.
And it looks like 2006, at least from the earnings front, is starting with a bang.
Just think: the Indus River dolphin doesn't sleep as you or I do, or indeed as most mammals, for several hours at once.
He thinks I'm a free-spending princess who prefers to handle our finances based on what I want rather than what's realistic.
Mr. Edelman said of Ms. Lynch: "She's hard to get in touch with.
Begin on the sixth floor, third room from the end, swathed in fluorescence: a 60-year-old woman was having two toes sawed off.
Time, which once felt limitless, then plentiful and then at least available, is becoming a problem.
Phoenix knows all about dry weather.
To the Editor: Re "When the Stork Brings Something Extra: A Good Parking Spot," by Peter Applebome (Our Towns column, March 19): Anita Young of the National Organization of Women of New Jersey asks, "Since when is being pregnant a handicap?"
With Hoboken bounded by the Palisades to the west and constricted by the gridlocked flow of traffic at the Holland Tunnel to the south, they say, patients who need immediate attention are at greater risk if they have to go as far as the Jersey City Medical Center.
I asked a couple of Indian friends who happen to be plant biologists whether they knew what was going on.
But Mr. Boehner said the House would stand by its focus on law enforcement and border protection.
Now, the first direct evidence of eavesdropping by Mr. Pellicano has surfaced in newly filed court documents: excerpts of what prosecutors have described as Mr. Pellicano's summaries of conversations he intercepted in 2001 between Vincent Zenga, a screenwriter and producer known as Bo, and his lawyer, Gregory S. Dovel, during their contentious suit against the influential Hollywood executive Brad Grey, now head of Paramount Pictures.
Accusing the media of bias is an act of remarkable chutzpah for an administration that pitches its messages straight at radio talk show hosts and public relations men.
Wilt Chamberlain's "100" was different.
Schneider National, based in Green Bay, Wis., holds "driver recognition days" every few months at regional repair shops, featuring Elvis impersonators, free barbecue and raffles for motorcycles and iPods.
Mike McCarty, a buyer for REI stores, said he has seen an increase of more than 35 percent in sales of multitools that cost $75 or more since 2004.
"If you are in that price range to purchase, you have quite a choice," Ms. Candee said.
With limited development and an increase of buyers from closer-in suburbs, prices in Pawling surged in the last five years, though they now seem to be leveling off, said Gillian Stewart, a real estate broker whose agency is on East Main Street.
At Milbank he also saw an alternative to the streets.
My eyes stayed open all the way to Harrison.
And it could discourage corporations from aggressive tax-reduction strategies if they feared public criticism.
And lawyers for Mr. McDarby persuaded the jury that Merck should pay punitive damages because it had kept some of its analyses of Vioxx's dangers from the F.D.A., even though it disclosed the underlying data.
The village clerk, David Smollett, citing "a gag order," referred questions to its attorney, Kevin Walsh, a partner at the Garden City firm of Walsh, Markus, McDougal & DeBellis.
One thing is certain: My former bias against the part-time soldiers has been swept away.
They include his belief that many local planning boards need to be more muscular and more alert, establishing strict standards and enforcing them with painstaking care.
We've owned the land for almost 300 years."
Photo: The 25th annual Great Reno Balloon Race is being held this weekend in Nevada.
I admire his thoughtful reply: “We believe that information of compelling public interest is unlike physical property.
Photo: James Levine needs shoulder surgery and has been forced to pull out of the rest of the season, the Metropolitan Opera said yeaterday.
It's worth noting that the ancient Greeks made no distinction between ethics and aesthetics.
Also survived by many nieces and nephews.
He saw it again and again at the bottom of other distinctive Civil War prints.
But by then, many of their friends had come to assume that they were already married.
At 6 and 10 p.m., Knitting Factory, 74 Leonard Street, TriBeCa, (212) 219-3132, knittingfactory.com; $20.
I don't want to get too Zen on you, but I have to run my own race."
In one of two raucous news briefings, Mr. McClellan told reporters that he first learned in a 6 a.m. phone call on Sunday -- some 12 hours after the accident -- that Mr. Cheney had sprayed Mr. Whittington with his shotgun.
He talked about how much fun his players were having together.
Two strategies have proved particularly effective for the market leaders.
Always there to try to ease pain and make things okay.
“I booked it in advance, and it was nonrefundable and I didn’t want to miss a trip to Europe,” he said.
Shareholders will receive as much as 3.75 percent of the stock.
Dr. Said I. Hakki, the director of the Iraqi Red Crescent Society, said that 189 hemophiliacs, from 6 months to 18 years old, contracted H.I.V.
The investor consortium is expected to pay about $6 billion in equity and raise about $15 billion in debt.
() 4 37 THE SOUTH BEACH DIET, by Arthur Agatston.
By entering Kildow in the downhill Tuesday, the team exhibited a measure of confidence that she would be ready to race because if she withdrew, the team would not be allowed to replace her and would forgo a spot in the downhill.
An alternative is credit monitoring, but these services will cost you.
The Mass's "Laudamus Te" is one of Mozart's truly operatic virtuoso soprano pieces, but even it was done with modest vibrato and touching simplicity.
One of the executives, Deborah Gribbon -- who left in the fall of 2004 as director of the Getty Museum after disputes with the trust's president, Barry Munitz -- was paid $3 million on her resignation, almost nine times her base salary of $350,000, two former Getty officials said.
And it's not as if pilots haven't already taken a hit.
Mr. Lydon has provided the show's podcast: a ranting, surprisingly tender diatribe that salutes both the monarchy and anarchy, or as he puts it "monanarchy."
Our prayers go to his wife Monica, his daughters Ashling and Mary Louise and her family.
Indeed, Times editors responsible for both photography and news articles had those cumulative numbers of the deaths on each side in their minds each day.
scheme to float balloons over countries behind the Iron Curtain and drop propaganda leaflets.
A relieved declarer took the last nine tricks with five spades, two hearts and two diamonds.
At last he plays a real character instead of a swaggering cartoon of testosterone on the rampage.
"It is an honorable decision and the right decision for the House Republican conference," he said of Mr. DeLay's announcement.
In the late 1990’s, an outcry about an earlier wave of marketing schemes led to some restrictions on how data is shared among sites and to rules that allow users to specify that they do not want to have some data collected about themselves.
some in the crowd shouted back.
She picks out the high spots, and then I call the editors."
We all know how that kind of reasoning turned out.
Recently, such letters have become more common, and the letters themselves more elaborate and complex, even literary.
Columns: David Brooks, Bob Herbert.
She graduated from Columbia, where she also received a law degree as a Kent scholar.
The makers of “Blood Diamond,” an exceptionally foolish thriller starring a most excellent Leonardo DiCaprio , want you to know there may be blood on your hands, specifically your wedding finger.
Some of that growth was fueled this summer, when Toyota stepped up its incentives to combat the "employee discount" plans offered by G.M., Ford and Chrysler.
Her criticism reinforces a Democratic campaign theme: that "a Republican culture of corruption has infected our government."
And on Sunday, Mr. Muti draws on what must seem like spicy exoticism to the Viennese, with Bartok's "Two Pictures," Ravel's "Rapsodie Espagnole" and Falla's "Three-Cornered Hat," all preceded by music from the orchestra's home turf, Mozart's "Haffner" Symphony.
An opera company general director is going to lose face.
I commend their effort to minimize access to sugary snacks and soda, but taking such a policy to the excesses she describes makes absolutely no sense.
But Carter and the Nets seemed confident that their experience would help them get back on track in Game 2 on Tuesday night.
-- Most of the challenges are not on the court.
It is all beautifully painted, showing the light, delicate coloration associated with da Cortona.
"A high ceiling improves the proportion of a room," he said, "and architecture is all about proportions."
And he did not become one of the world's great philosophers.
We shrieked and wept for Melissa, like beauty-pageant contestants who had come to truly love the girl who was ultimately crowned queen.
Until now, lawsuits brought by former detainees against top American officials have focused attention on the maximum security unit of a federal detention center in Brooklyn where the Justice Department's inspector general found widespread abuse.
"We're glad that the comptroller is supporting many of the budget reform initiatives the governor has advocated for years, such as greater openness and transparency, a balanced enacted budget, higher rainy day reserves, binding revenue forecasts, and moving the start of the fiscal year," said Kevin Quinn, a spokesman for Mr. Pataki.
"This is the 32nd year of the culture of hip-hop," said Caz, as the bus rolled north on Madison Avenue, adding, with an M.C.
As I learned from one of my regular food-chemistry reads, it’s not necessary to see these color changes as problems.
And rather than risk the humiliation of being overridden, as he was in 2003, Mr. Pataki claimed a new power: a sort of superveto that cannot be overridden.
We novelists call that foreshadowing.
We just loved it, and bought it pretty much that day, doing no research whatsoever.
In the late 1980s, Scott Durkin, then the hotel’s guest relations manager, took Claire Trevor, the actress who won an Oscar for her performance in the 1948 film “Key Largo,” to the penthouse ballroom for the first time.
An execution date has been set for three Indonesian men convicted in connection with the bombings of the Bali nightclubs in 2002 that killed 202, prosecutors said.
The daughter of Mohammad Taghi Khosrowshahi and Mahin Banoo Boushehri, Shahla Samii was born on December 17th, 1944 in Teheran, Iran.
Can religion or sexual orientation be far behind?
Recreation New York City NEW YORK ROAD RUNNERS Sunday at 9:30 a.m., the Fred Lebow Classic, a five-mile run through Central Park, beginning on the East Drive at 102nd Street.
Beloved mother of Ellen (Alex), Peter (Jane), Frank (Libby), and Amie (Veronica).
Yet not enough fans are showing up at the aging Nassau Coliseum, the smallest arena in the N.H.L.
-What personal anecdotes can you include about eating or preparing the dish, or watching someone else prepare it?
In the last 12 months alone, three REIT's in the sector have gone private at rich premiums, including Gables Residential Trust, which sold to a unit of ING Clarion Partners in a transaction valued at $2.8 billion.
schools, an athlete at Duke can gain admission with lower — sometimes much lower — academic credentials than other applicants have, but his grades and test scores have to be high enough to indicate that he can cut it at one of the nation's most academically select institutions.)
"Just look at that scoreboard," Jackson said softly.
The total saving with the package was $275.
His father, writing with a quill pen, wears white silk stockings and buckles on his shoes.
One could (and should) question, for example, whether she’s right to lump together McSweeney’s, The Onion and The New York Observer as publications that represent a generation’s lack of aesthetic direction, magazines that “aren’t for anything, just against everything,” as Danielle puts it.
(The pianist Dan Nimmer filled the role of Hines, and it's no slight to say he was outmatched.)
Like the address but not the dress code?
The two-member committee will make a recommendation on “whether a dividend should be paid and, if so, in what amount,” Cablevision said.
They decided to go back home to Connecticut.
I have sometimes tried to make the point in this column that the cheap airfares we have all been enjoying for many years, in a brutally competitive airline environment, are partly coming out of the wallets of airline workers like flight attendants and pilots, who have made large concessions to keep airlines going.
They include Kamal Khalil, a prominent activist who has led many of the Kefaya protests in the last 18 months.
The $4.2 billion request was a turnabout for the administration, which three weeks ago rejected legislation proposed by Representative Richard H. Baker, a Louisiana Republican, to create a nonprofit group to buy out flooded homes, the plan favored by Ms. Blanco.
As a friend who'd grown up near Sedona told me: "This is a place to cleanse oneself, not pollute oneself.
The reaction on Flyertalk.com was swift.
Not even a torn anterior cruciate ligament in her right knee, sustained in an August 2004 touch football game, deterred her.
And a sampling of comments on blogs where you can watch some of the older Borat routines, including a singalong in an Arizona bar with the refrain “Throw the Jew down the well,” indicates that the Anti-Defamation League is at least partly right: some people are definitely not in on the joke, though only because some people are too stupid and too racist to understand that the joke is on them.
Software The center of the Macintosh experience is Apple’s operating system, Mac OS X.
At Henri Bendel, Freeze 24/7 is the best-selling skin care line, far outstripping beauty brands created by doctors, including N. V. Perricone M.D.
“And I am, like: ‘We are not a couple!
The transmission, with its almost imperceptible shifts, was a delight.
As Schmitz, his interpreter, told me recently, "The most important thing to him is what we can deliver in the camp, and that is zip."
Lying started early for this friend, she wrote later in an e-mail message.
With her tousled shock of black hair, gleefully expressive face and baffling directives, she could well be a mad scientist of dance.
Samson, together with his beloved wife Halina, shared a deep commitment to humanitarian causes, enriching millions of lives through their generosity and dedication.
At City Opera, her Menotti roles included parts in "The Consul" and "The Saint of Bleecker Street."
Many poor countries simply do not collect the most basic facts about births, marriages and deaths by sex and age, or the employment status and wages of men and women.
So far, the ploy has served only to highlight the extent to which the pension bill is already a grab bag of bad tax ideas.
"If they're living in the past, they're living in the past," Abraham said in a conference call with reporters Tuesday night when asked about that reasoning.
The group's gauge of lagging indicators rose 0.7 percent after a 0.1 percent decrease in December.
The picture showed him aiming his rifle at the door of an Iraqi home.
What was “crazy” about taking this job?
The organization that assesses the situation in New Jersey is scheduled to report in May.
As I was writing the last of these stories, my wife announced that we were going to buy a house, our first.
Franzen, like most of us, is very likely an awkward combination of Charlie and Snoopy; the difference being that whereas most of us think of ourselves as Charlie with a bit of Snoopy, Franzen clearly doesn’t mind coming off as a whole lotta Snoopy with the barest soupçon of Charlie: a person, as this lazy and perverse book demonstrates, whose very admissions of weakness, of insufficiency, smack of showboating, of grandiose self-congratulation.
The Napa Valley also gains gastronomic credentials from the Culinary Institute of America at Greystone in smart little St. Helena, and Copia, the American Center for Wine, Food and the Arts, in the town of Napa.
The Bahamian Plays and Films Control Board said the film showed "extreme homosexuality, nudity and profanity" and had "no value for the Bahamian public."
So who wouldn't bet that Hedrick has done better by the Fox News count?
Last October, Silversea dropped Libya off one itinerary after the cruise line was told that American passengers would not be allowed to disembark, Mr. Ball said.
"She loves it there" in Palm Beach, said Molly's owner, Priscilla Braverman, of Newton Center, Mass., who notes that she and her husband opted for a small dog in part because of the travel-friendly size.
Merely publishing the image of Muhammad is regarded as blasphemous by many Muslims.
(Dunning) 'SELMA JEANNE COHEN: A TRIBUTE TO HER LIFE AND WORK' (Tomorrow) This free series honoring the work of the dance critic and historian will include "Pursuit of the Avant-Garde," a discussion with Charles Woodford, Nancy Dalva and Camille Hardy.
Then I decided to check with an even higher authority: the syndicated columnist Judith Martin, who is after all known as Miss Manners.
Du Bois, the pillar of African-American stolidity, had a sense of humor.
"What did you pick up?"
Turner, a subsidiary of Hochtief AG, Germany’s biggest construction company, said it had already started work on the 50,800-seat stadium for the developer, Tishman Speyer.
Clearly anything that John wanted to do, we would want to do with him."
The music wasn’t strictly revivalist; one new song veered suddenly into another peppy style, Congolese soukous, with an Afro-Latin beat and gleaming guitar lines.
"We can set them up to run on bio-diesel," Mr. Ward said.
Racial slavery, Davis insists, was neither accidental nor marginal; it was "an intrinsic and indispensable part of New World settlement."
Mr. Graf had his Carnegie debut with Houston.
Even with yesterday's after-hours decline, Google's stock is worth about $112 billion, more than any other media company in the world.
Just as Western art had done in China, Chinese culture provided a degree of resistance to the European world he was suddenly immersed in.
The moment that 13-year-old Miley Cyrus knew for sure that her life had taken a surreal turn happened just a few weeks ago, when her 6-year-old sister, Noah, sheepishly told her that she had entered a contest on the Disney Channel Web site to win backstage passes to a concert featuring the network's newest star.
"Everyone really gets into it.
“There is a lot of technology in all these products that is putting the price where it is,” said Sharon John, a general manager for Hasbro.
They were to tow the 920-foot ship, now a museum, across the Hudson for an overhaul.
Opponents have noticed an air of inevitability around the Pistons this season.
She also shares Scott’s way of staring blankly into the distance — “or into the mystic, if you were a Van Morrison fan,” Mr. King writes.
But now his itinerary was to chart the path of my dereliction, and that meant getting me alone in the car so that we could "talk": about my imminent doom, about my mother's high blood pressure.
The Japanese educational system is so demanding that there is now an effort to lighten up on pressures and expectations.
There are gallery tours guided by contemporary artists whose work is somehow inspired by the forms or ideas of Himalayan culture.
That will also give the movie companies time to build up a catalog of movies you can actually play on the things.
1 -- or is there another espionage master lurking in the shadows who might be deserving of the palm?
The notion of penis envy is not in such good repute these days, in any event, and I, for one, am inclined to believe that women may have resolved this hypothetical problem with their appropriation and fetishization of the once-androgynous handbag.
Mr. Rowland has three years of supervised release to serve.
YONKERS "Spirit of a Woman," one-woman performance by Vinie Burrows.
Similarly curious was her assertion of the inevitability of her free-market commitments.
Funeral services Friday 11:00 AM at the funeral home chapel.
Their shell-shocked discussion of "the bubble" that surrounded them while they were finalists is new; it gives some insight into what the competitors' lives become.
Reuters said that it would also start to distribute some of the submissions next year to the thousands of print, online and broadcast media outlets that subscribe to its news service.
A proud graduate of Wesleyan University and Macy's Training Squad, he served during WW II as a Naval Intelligence Officer secunded to the British Royal Navy, followed by tours of duty with R.H. Macy as a wine buyer, among other things, and Young & Rubicam.
1 among adults 18 to 49 for the ninth week in a row.
"It's that fees paid to the mental health professionals have not been rising."
Such epidemiological evidence "should make us feel safe that there's a substantial barrier," he said, noting the small number of people who have been infected.
Funeral services on Monday, October 16, at Temple Beth Shalom, Roslyn, NY.
The chief executive of Iceland's stock exchange, the central bank's chief economist and the head of research for its largest bank were on hand to provide their side of the story.
a definite partisan advantage .
OneCare can perform either complete or incremental backups (a faster method that copies only files that are new or changed since the last backup) — automatically, unattended, on a regular schedule.
"We're like Mutt and Jeff," Ms. Sewell said.
Unlike many technology products for babies, this one makes no claims of creating an Einstein.
In a world of preening macaws, Ms. Phillips, 42, is that rare wren, a steadfast professional who has raised self-effacement to an art form.
Some are paired with separately framed photo-based images of bearded 19th-century father figures or skeletons that seem to comment on the paintings.
Tacos and their diminutive brethren, taquitos, made with tiny tortillas, are built Mexican style, with two tortillas to each taco.
A Viennese Jew born in 1909 and forced to take refuge in California in World War II, Mr. Drucker nurtured a Teutonic affection for process and systematic thinking.
They have that ability naturally.
Employees in turn pledged their loyalty.
Some sites like Amazon or the iTunes Music Store, however, let you handle the redelivery of an e-mailed gift certificate yourself when you log into your account.
The production in which you exist so perilously is indeed a murky, labyrinthine wood from which no one emerges with head unmuddled, eyes unblurred or eardrums unrattled.
"I wanted him away from, you know, from everything," Mrs. Legere said.
3 p.m. 6) Vroom Room North Carolina is the spiritual home of stock-car racing, and Winston-Salem is home to the Winston Cup Museum (1355 North Martin Luther King Jr. Drive, 336-724-4557; $5 for adults).
The core of the case against Mr. Taylor is that he aided rebels who plunged Sierra Leone, one of Africa's richest countries at its independence in 1961, into 10 years of chaos and killing as they sought control of lucrative diamond fields.
Why do you think these images are so memorable?
Mr. Voorhies — a man’s man straight out of Hemingway — can summon an osprey with his birdcalls and entertain for hours with yarns about Louisiana scalawags.
Should the artist or the audience benefit most from art?
He looks back at the hard life of his ancestors, even those of his great-grandfather and his grandfather, working as painters, exposed to fumes.
That person invariably did a double take, then giggled.
The American Civil Liberties Union, for instance, said it planned to file papers supporting Google.
To her the apartment seemed dark, but at least it was quiet.
A doctor and two nurses were arrested Tuesday after the Louisiana attorney general accused them of using lethal injections to kill four elderly patients in a New Orleans hospital last year in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.
The police have blamed what they term militant elements of the opposition for a series of small explosions in recent months.
His father is a senior partner in Stempel Bennett Claman & Hochberg, a real estate law firm in New York.
In a small bowl, whisk olive oil with lemon juice, lemon zest, garlic, harissa, coriander seeds and cumin.
The union and the authority agreed on a train of less than 300 feet, typically four cars.
NOFX played a short, exuberant, deeply silly set, consisting solely of songs that began with the letter “S.’’ When Fat Mike wasn’t laughing at the other bands, he was laughing at himself: an old punk making a living off the new ones.
Which is not to say that workers' values should trump those of owners.
"I locked the brakes up and got into the wall, but there was no way to miss the crash," said Newman, driver of the No.
The author of "Angela's Ashes" remembers his years teaching high school English in New York City.
He retired 15 years ago from Lehman College where he taught English.
We all managed to belt out a tune, but none of us could compete with a Mongolian horseman who astounded us with traditional throat-singing.
I have a lot of respect for him.
By that time, he said, he believes the Getty will have named his successor.
Once more he righted himself.
said James O'Sullivan, an economist at UBS, an investment house.
More surprisingly, an Interior official told lawmakers that the break in royalty payments was apparently a result of inadvertent mistakes on leases awarded in the late 1990's for sites in the Gulf of Mexico.
He placed background information on Mr. L'Official in the salon, so clients could read up on him while they sat under driers or had their nails done.
But among his peers and fans, Miller is admired more for his ability to appear at the start house than his failure to arrive at the finish line.
Why, cat fans ask, would you want such an undignified pet, one that so obviously wants and needs your love and attention?
We continue to view consolidation in the banking industry as a secular trend that has cyclical ups and downs,” the analysts wrote Wednesday.
Wise said she was unsure whether she had secured 10 votes for the emergency motion, but expressed confidence that a majority would at least call for a reconsideration of the lesson plan by the board's lawyers and a committee.
As of January 2005, Wal-Mart insured 45.8 percent of its workers.
Told Sophia was dying Monday, the Goodmans spent the day saying goodbye.
"; a front-row buzzword in a season featuring more white baby-doll dresses than an American Girl collectors' convention; e.g., ' "Does my new Chloé dress make me look like Brooke Shields in 'Pretty Baby' or like one of Bellocq's tired old hookers?"
"This is a global problem, a systemwide problem, for all plan sponsors."
A memorial service will be held on Friday, January 27th at 10:30 AM at St. Mary's Church, 178 Greenwich Ave, Greenwich, CT.
“It’s a studio, and you can’t quite get away from that,” she said, “but you can create real spaces that feel separate.
"Disclosing the belief that Mr. Wilson's wife sent him on the Niger trip was one way for defendant to contradict the assertion that the vice president had done so, while at the same time undercutting Mr. Wilson's credibility if Mr. Wilson were perceived to have received the assignment on account of nepotism," Mr. Fitzgerald's filing said.
Ever since the first preview on March 24, audience comments about "Tarzan" have been circulating online.
Declarer’s table presence told him that West had the spade king, but if he did not, the club finesse was surely winning.
And the glitterati are returning again, like couture-wearing refugees after a war.
Forty American soldiers were killed in and around Baghdad in October, double the number there just two months ago, a review of casualty reports shows.
Its frontman moved like a floppy-armed version of Zippy the Pinhead; its songs held hints of Slavic tradition driven by a burly low register: bass, baritone saxophone and tuba.
In it, he touches on everything from his relationship with his father, who is paying for his defense, and whom he calls a "media whore," to the knife he used to stab himself in the neck when he was captured.
Ms. Mraz, however, was seen instructing the staff and correcting lapses.
Vladimir Lenin would no doubt take a dim view of the chandeliers, gilded Corinthian columns and shamelessly capitalistic amenities in the 138-room Hotel Moscow (Al Makhtoum Street, 971-4-228-8222; www.moscowhoteldubai.com ; doubles from 960 dirhams), opened in 2004.
Some have developed home-grown programs that the departmentcould easily recognize as rigorous.
We will miss her personally and professionally.
Mr. Te Velde and other dairy farmers have struggled to get rendering companies to come and get dead livestock.
"This is a system that is extraordinarily sensitive, so that even little dips have to be handled seriously."
The one I kissed good night.
They make Nick and Jessica, in their "Newlyweds" days, look awfully bland, but that's probably the point.
3, General Motors announced that it would get about $14 billion over the next three years for selling a 51 percent stake of its highly profitable GMAC finance division to a group led by Feinberg’s firm, Cerberus Capital Management .
Another big step came in 2003, when the company was the first to market a generic form of Paxil, the antidepressant sold by GlaxoSmithKline.
Scam artists often use authentic-sounding Web addresses to gull you into providing personal data.
The programs existing in neighboring states, he said, offer even more powerful incentives to move.
The cheeses are a French Mimolette, which is mild and firm, at rear in photo; Beemster aged Gouda from the Netherlands, far right, with a honeyed taste; Saxon Shires, an orange and yellow layered cheese, left; and Idiazabal, a smoked Spanish sheep's milk cheese with an orange rind.
The intended effect, Ms. Goldblum explained, “is a little bit Japanese librarian.’’ Wittingly or otherwise, she had tapped the spirit of diversity that colors Warm Up, the Saturday afternoon parties held throughout the summer in the sprawling courtyard of P.S.
1 determinant of economic success — not, necessarily, of being a good parent or a good child — is the consolidation of social and monetary capital, although I can’t say which of the two is more important.
She has shown that she can recognize people and understand speech -- for example, by expressing preference for one color over another, or shaking her head when someone identifies the wrong person in a picture.
Her work often has a whiff of rustic charm, so it is appropriate that her first major show in New Jersey since 1998 is at the Hunterdon Museum of Art, in a 19th-century grist mill adjacent to the bucolic Raritan River.
At Landmark’s Sunshine Cinema, 139-143 East Houston Street, East Village.
On Wednesday, Lund asked all of his competitors to sign a letters urging the international federation to give him a reprimand instead of a one- or two-year ban.
So the organ donation was managed in another way.
Howard Schneider, a former editor of Newsday who left in November 2004 after 35 years at the paper, said Newsday's goal once was to provide enough of its own national and international news so that its readers did not need to buy a second newspaper.
I recently heard a professor from UCLA say that outsourcing is making it more difficult to recruit students to the fields of engineering and science because they see their opportunities as being very limited.
Directed by Neil Burger; written by Mr. Burger, based on the short story “Eisenheim the Illusionist” by Steven Millhauser; director of photography, Dick Pope; edited by Naomi Geraghty; music by Philip Glass; production designer, Ondrej Nekvasil; produced by Michael London, Brian Koppelman, David Levien, Bob Yari and Cathy Schulman; released by Yari Film Group.
This time, science cannot afford mere disputation without public edification.
The Discovery mission of August 1984 was the first flight for both of them, and they had become fast friends during months of training.
Even as Israel acted to cut off money to the Palestinians, the quartet's representative, James D. Wolfensohn, was in the Middle East talking with Arab countries in the Persian Gulf region to try to raise money for the Palestinian Authority until Hamas fully takes over the government.
The larger question, though, is why so few people in American business have ideas about what to do about the health care problem.
But perhaps the bigger difference between the online grocery efforts of traditional stores and Amazon is their purpose.
Shenk merely skims the surface of Kasparov’s 1997 loss to Deep Blue, a computer programmed by I.B.M.
" Fainaru-Wada and Williams, investigative reporters at The San Francisco Chronicle, have been out in front of the journalistic pack on the story of baseball's steroids scandal, and "Game of Shadows" shows their mastery of the subject.
It was one of many contracts that have helped make Pearson a giant in a field that has grown enormously since President Bush signed the No Child Left Behind Law in 2002, spurring demand for state testing.
The institution's research will be more diverse than research in universities and pharmaceutical companies.
And no one, it seems, is in the middle regarding Davis, an assistant who became coach when Knight was fired Sept. 10, 2000.
g. What did Father MacMillan refuse to do on the show?
For David Regen, a photographer in Manhattan, the "all-time worst" came "on a cold, rainy day, when my cabdriver received a cellphone call, and about two minutes later pulled his cab over to listen more closely.
Titled "Conversational Style: Analyzing Talk Among Friends," the thesis (and later a book) was an extended analysis of taped discussion at a 1978 Thanksgiving dinner lasting 2 hours 40 minutes.
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. - I HADN'T taken the 20-minute trip from Manhattan to Continental Arena for at least a month.
“And it’s as simple as that.” Building on Ground Zero Nova’s white-collar take on the twin towers, “Building on Ground Zero,” lacks the simplicity and sincerity of Spike TV’s documentary.
In 1994 he founded Poz, a magazine for people living with H.I.V.
In the lyrical passages, he played with a centered, sweet tone and a sumptuous but fully controlled vibrato, and he cruised through the daredevil writing as if its evident difficulties didn't faze him.
The chairman, Senator Ted Stevens of Alaska, disclosed plans for the legislation at a hearing in which lawmakers voiced frustration about rising fuel prices.
The next day Mr. Benepe, who is now 41 and the senior account manager at Spotlight, a payroll services firm in New York serving the entertainment industry, and who plays drums with the band Tri-State Conspiracy, called and offered to help Ms. Bard and her father with renovations on their barn.
Listen closely, and you may realize that Mr. Haggard's slipperiness is less the exception than the rule.
Instead of being a one-shot gimmick, these gifts would be an annual ritual -- a chance for everyone, voters and their representatives, to congratulate themselves for another year of sensible conservation.
After 51 Ra8, Zapata, faced with the threat of 52 Qb8, fell into 51 ... Rd6 (this cannot be labeled a blunder because he had no good move).
After a shot by Islanders right wing Trent Hunter bounced off the left post, Parise took his turn.
Two years after his return to Turkey, he said, he saw a news report about Abu Ghraib and the dogs.
She leaves a legacy of boundless love and devotion for her family.
They wonder what it will become.
This time they must overcome rivalries for the greater good.
"If I were to be honest, for that money I would rather take Eleonora out to a really nice dinner."
BASKETBALL National Basketball Association NBA Developmental League FORT WORTH FLYERS--Signed F Ndudi Ebi.
VALHALLA, N.Y., April 25 - Spurred by a sharp decline in cases of shaken baby syndrome, Westchester County is expanding a hospital-based program to educate new parents on the dangers of shaking their infants.
When he's not on watch, he's going to shipboard events and having meals with passengers, though he always managed to squeeze in time to check the Internet for real estate listings.
They are among Mr. Hamdan's lawyers, but they did not argue (or testify) before the court.
Merck now faces about 10,000 lawsuits from people who say they or their family members suffered heart damage as a result of using Vioxx, a painkiller that was taken by about 20 million Americans.
The players can stop at any point and go home with their accumulated winnings, but if they stay and defeat the last remaining members of the 100, they win $1 million.
The Nets had a shot to win a franchise-record 53 games, but the best they can do now is tie the current mark of 52.
Today, Sears is struggling again, not to overcome a male image, but to attract customers of both sexes.
Months spent in the easy company of the shop's dozen or so regulars reveal something more than just the insidiousness of Type 2 diabetes, the disease's most common form.
The thudding falls of a front curtain, greeted each time with applause, seemed to be Mr. Forsythe’s reworking of a blackout.
To avoid leaving a paper trail, almost none of the loft-party organizers print fliers.
I like it because I was younger then and look it.
She graduated from Cornell and received a master’s degree in international affairs from Columbia.
"A subtle way to do so," they said, "would be to slightly change the task requirements of already common activities performed either during play or instructional situations."
Ms. Rowland (above, left) is 26 and is the head third-grade teacher at St. Luke’s School in Manhattan.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30 - The last obstacle to the confirmation of Judge Samuel A. Alito Jr. as the 110th justice of the Supreme Court was cleared on Monday, providing conservatives with what they believe will be another reliable vote on the deeply divided court.
Kurt Eichenwald, a reporter for The New York Times, chronicled Mr. Berry's experience in an article in December that spurred the Congressional investigation.
NBC, eager to improve its ratings and advertising sales, is counting on digital media as much as television for a comeback in the 2006-7 season.
On Saturdays and Sundays through Nov. 12, staff educators will hold 25-minute sessions to help newcomers learn how to identify raptors.
And for $25,000, the lobbyist can have three lunch briefings with lawmakers, not to mention V.I.P.
In any case, by the fall of 1999, when she showed a pleated silk skirt printed with lips, plain and prim had begun to seem highly subversive.
Ben Brantley's review is on Page 3.
There are lobbies, politics and interest groups, and Dubai found itself in the middle of a jungle.
The man is the bishop of his homes — when one of his wives is agitated, Bill offers to console her by putting his hand on her head and giving her a "blessing."
Speed limits could reach 80 miles per hour in parts of West Texas by the end of the month.
Mourners began filing into the sanctuary more than 90 minutes before the service, and the crowd spilled into a gymnasium, where 500 people watched the service on a video screen and heard it through speakers.
When he immigrated to the United States, Grosz brought the painting with him.
The United States, not historically a bobsledding power, will look to ride its success from the 2002 Games, when brakewoman Vonetta Flowers became the first black athlete to win a Winter Olympics gold medal when she and driver Jill Bakken triumphed in Salt Lake City.
And to live anonymously and to be able to sit on a park bench and think, it was an interesting moment.” The awards, first held in 2000, have been staged in Los Angeles and Miami.
The 25 percent stake G.B.L.
Whatever resources they use, Ms. Molbak encourages parents to make a serious commitment.
"Thank you, but no extra cookies today!"
Then there were the Barbie necklaces and Barbie tiaras, and, of course the light-up Fairytopia Barbie dolls, on sale before, during and after the show for $30, along with $15 T-shirts and $5 Fairytopia key chains.
Its total return of 41.44 percent placed it first among 585 diversified funds tracked by Morningstar that specialize in shares of large foreign companies; the average return in the group was 26.18 percent.
A graduate of Brooklyn Law School, he was an expert advisor of tax law and estates planning.
Without regard to how you will rule, tell us what you foresee today as the five most important legal issues that the Supreme Court will be asked to review in the next decade.
He was so gracious that to this day, I still have warm feelings for the restaurant.
Rather, it is a prediction that future courts will be unable to sustain a group-based vision of civil rights when faced with the broad and irreversible trend toward demographic pluralism.
Some jumpers drown, others bleed to death.
But I do think that parents see the value in these programs, because the demand for them is very high.” Researchers say the value of sports for autistic children is well documented but often overlooked.
They also suggested that she look at pictures of women who had had reconstruction and talk to at least one woman who opted not to.
“It’s a little like alphabet soup, but we put a lot of places on the map,” said Peter Sherrard, spokesman for Ryanair.
CBS executives said that figure overstated the matter by a factor of about four.
And she smokes, although it's her New Year's resolution to quit.
She enlarged sections on Judith Leyster, a Dutch Baroque painter, and added women like Clara Peeters, a 17th-century Flemish still-life painter, who had never been included.
Gilbert is an influential researcher in happiness studies, an interdisciplinary field that has attracted psychologists, economists and other empirically minded researchers, not to mention a lot of interested students.
But a lot of the time she has bone-deep physical lethargy that she can't overcome."
It's only now, after about five years, that this house is beginning to look the way we'd dreamed it would.
Reid faked to his left, took a step to his right, then cut to the middle to find a gap as several Nittany Lions flailed to reach him.
The Saints, who want to provide blind-side protection for Drew Brees and his repaired shoulder, are said to be interested in Ferguson, a pocket protector whose explosive first step, impeccable technique and football I.Q.
I tried on a $7,800 platinum and diamond ring.
"Upon having more investors, we'll have more tourist infrastructure.
Luke "knows his animals," Mr. Seeley added, and understands that mouse has two different meanings: something small that moves things on a bright computer screen and something small that devours cheese and lives in terror of cats.
Four Boroughs Less than $300,000 St. George $229,500 10 Bay Street Landing, Staten Island Number of bedrooms: 0 Number of full bathrooms: 1 Number of half bathrooms: 0 Weeks on market: 7 weeks 1,089-sq.-ft. open-space co-op in a prewar building; dining area, 14-ft. ceilings, concrete columns, bamboo floors; maintenance $662, 55% tax deductible; listed at $249,000.
Let me try to get you in.'
If King's trail is deep, however, it was also muddy.
Victoria Kim Krieser-Doering, a daughter of Diane Doering and a stepdaughter of John Doering of Shingle Springs, Calif., was married on Friday to David Hills Bausman, a son of Ronald Hills Bausman of New York and the late Marilyn Kay Bausman, who lived in Shoreview, Minn. Neil Zachary, a Roman Catholic deacon, performed the ceremony at Holy Trinity Church in El Dorado Hills, Calif. Mrs. Bausman, 30, is the business development manager in the marketing department of 24 Hour Fitness USA, a chain of fitness centers with headquarters in San Ramon, Calif. She graduated from the University of Nevada.
Speaking of the jilbab, which covers the entire body except for the hands and face, she told the BBC, "I feel that it is an obligation upon Muslim women to wear this, although there are other opinions."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 11 - After weeks in which the White House has declined to release pictures of President Bush with Jack Abramoff, the disgraced lobbyist, the first photograph to be published of the two men shows a small, partly obscured image of Mr. Abramoff looking on from the background as Mr. Bush greets a Texas Indian chief in May 2001.
"The cosmological constant does not look good," said Dr. Schaefer, who used the violent flashes called gamma ray bursts as cosmic mileage markers to describe the history of the expansion of the universe.
By fostering an ethnic interpretation of the conflict, the international community has bought into the ideology of the instigators and passed this ideology down to the next generation.
In the process each computer can potentially become an Internet repeater, allowing the Internet to flow out into communities that have not previously had access to it.
If no action is taken, the fund will run dry on June 30, preventing New Jersey from financing road projects and forcing the state to forfeit hundreds of millions of dollars in matching funds from the federal Department of Transportation.
Everyone seemed to be loyal Banyan Tree fans; after staying at another Banyan resort, they jumped at the opportunity to try this latest one.
It’s popular now, but poured concrete is a terrible surface for countertops.
That allegation has been circulating in Baghdad for months, and as more Sunnis turn up dead, more people are inclined to believe it.
But he also views them through the prism of an opposing pitcher, and he knows Smoltz well.
For land just off the corner facing 36th Street, Morgan first retained the architect Whitney Warren, who with his partner, Charles Wetmore, was later involved in the design of Grand Central Terminal.
New Jersey is not going the way of Alabama or Arkansas, as Mr. Hughes and Professor Seneca make clear; it is simply edging toward average.
The decision was made decades ago, and most residents want to uphold it.” Not long ago, Santa Fe architecture encompassed a variety of styles: there were the famous Pueblo-style buildings, along with Craftsman and Victorian cottages and shedlike structures made of cinderblock.
In the second shooting, which took place around 9 p.m. at 114th Street and Malcolm X Boulevard, Barry Miller, 34, was shot in the head, the police said.
This is how fashion works these days, a strange hustle of working connections or hiring people who can get the right crowd to take notice.
While Mr. Chow kept his copy of the script, none of the actors had to memorize it.
Sitting in a hotel room in Chicago, Mr. Perkins is not offended by the question.
But financial aid calculations focus on assets (other than a home) and past, present and future income, and while such calculations allow for living expenses, the assumed lifestyle may be more austere than what many families have enjoyed or are willing to accept.
Photo: Cristiano Ronaldo (17) celebrating his winning penalty kick for Portugal.
"Hillary Rodham Clinton is telling voters that she is pro-adoption and wants to reduce abortions," Mr. Spencer, a former mayor of Yonkers, said in an interview.
Early this year, a sonogram showed a tiny spot that turned out to be cancerous; it was caught much earlier than most cases.
So then minutes ago I saw him and I said, 'Boy there was a lot of great energy in that room.'
Mr. Kohler's conception of the desert trek as a way to break down rigid psychic barriers between men was undercut by the fact that those who chose (and, presumably, paid) to go on this trip are a self-selected group.
The Trustees and Staff extend their deep sympathy to the family of this beloved lady.
"I hope she plays well and I hope she makes the cut."
Many modems have their own driver software, which needs to be installed on the computer so that modem hardware can communicate with the operating system.
Tuesday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Saturday and Sunday, 1 to 5 p.m. Hofstra Museum, Emily Lowe Gallery.
The subjects here are the works of Michelangelo, Titian and Rembrandt, and our guide needs a voice with more gravitas, as well as a far livelier and more astute script.
In the late 1980's, the two formed a company, Brains and Genius, to collaborate on records, books and other ventures.
But Pynchon assigns them real-world doubles: the dead of World War I, “juvenile heroes of a World-Narrative — unreflective and free,” whose idealism flung them by the thousands into the muddy fields and trenches of Europe.
biology exam, for instance, 61 percent of students nationwide earned a qualifying score of three or above on the A.P.’s five-point system.
It was the Hungarians who, in opening the border to Austria, gave the East Germans an escape route, leading to the collapse of the Berlin Wall and the end of the Soviet empire.
still towers over the city from a hill just east of downtown.)
You may be surprised at how quickly the subject shifts to the boss's latest tantrum, or the home team's win.
He breeds silver foxes, prospers briefly as her mother fashions them into scarves for tourists, only to fall back into bare struggle when the war halts the visitor trade; and his wife turns invalid.
Photo: Yesterday's rain did not stop the Appalachian Mountain Club from giving people a chance to take a test ride on the Hudson River near Croton Point Park, N.Y. (Photo by Suzanne DeChillo/The New York Times)
The gift is so large that Juilliard is building a special room for the manuscripts, which were collected in the astonishingly short period of 11 years by the financier Bruce Kovner.
The rest was serviceable, decorated in subdued whites and grays, and while clean, was slightly frayed.
Mark Morris's "Gloria" (set to Vivaldi's score) and other works; Purchase Dance Corps.
"That was as nervous as I've been in a long time," he said.
Colonel Collins, the country's first female shuttle pilot and shuttle commander, lives in Houston with her family, but sponsors an aviation camp and other programs in Elmira, her hometown.
“Nobody smokes pipes anymore, do they?
The authors themselves, not just their friends, seemed to expect the job to be a vacation.
Sometimes in this city, the very earth drops out from under you.
Ms. MacLear and Mr. Skrelunas are working with consultants to make the buildings more accessible to people with disabilities.
Its images played on a giant screen, as hundreds of spectators clapped and waited for her to stand up.
Consider the national response to Depression-era poverty, a social ill that crossed racial lines.
its ad at entertainmentcareers.net asks.
And, as other officials noted yesterday, when the tram stopped about 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, Fire Department workers who arrived at the scene believed that the power would go back on quickly.
New York, Feb. 23, 2006
She is to begin studying for a law degree at Penn in September, and he is to begin his second-year studies for a medical degree in August.
He was at the top of the Hamas election list and has been viewed as the most important Hamas leader in the Gaza Strip, the group's stronghold, since the parliamentary election.
There were some gems and unusual works on the program of songs by 24 composers that Mr. Blier and Mr. Barrett performed with a roster of eager and talented student singers.
1 R & B hit and a multiplatinum album," and the fact that an upstart black conservative was a member of it zooms beneath the radar of a race-obsessed, entertainment-drunk republic?
"We've had some recent elimination games there," Jeter said, "but I don't mind playing there."
They pushed their point total to 105, best in the Eastern Conference, mainly because they were able to contain Jagr, if not stop him completely.
Because of its exalted reputation, the Cordon Bleu's pupils came from all over the globe.
Here the director, Thomas Reichert, boldly integrates “Bastien und Bastienne” with another unconventional singspiel, “Der Schauspieldirektor,” composed in 1786, the year Mozart wrote “Le Nozze di Figaro.” The story tells of a blustery impresario who must deal with two warring divas.
“If you want a different energy system in 2050, you really have to start changing it now,” says John Holdren, a Harvard professor and one of the country’s most esteemed thinkers on energy and the environment.
Profit dropped to 27 cents a share for the quarter ended Oct. 31, compared with earnings of $1.36 a share in the year- earlier period, Take-Two said, calling the figures preliminary.
Perpetually frustrated at being "an untapped resource," Mr. Kassen's Hitler, a sweaty, excitable type, used his notorious name to his advantage more than half a century before relatives of Osama bin Laden and John Gotti had reality shows.
It took place last summer; it is not forthcoming.
And it's not just Mr. Skilling and Mr. Lay who've become public figures.
If someone can't afford to pay a quarter of a cent, then his message can't be worth my time either.
"This isn't so much about Oxford students and their feelings about one building.
Pearls and Brass A young trio from Nazareth, Pa., Pearls and Brass makes meditation-metal.
She promised me they would.
It will examine recent public art installations in the borough's subway stations and will document the process of developing and installing artists' work.
"You never get used to being in the spotlight," said Freda Black, a former assistant district attorney who helped try that case and is now running against Mr. Nifong.
Paul Goldsman Atlanta, Jan. 5, 2006
Lafayette — 129 miles from New Orleans — is traditionally even more laid back than the Big Easy.
Yet "English, August" has worn remarkably well.
The cramped, dark huts; the brilliant clothes and beads; the clack of the wooden animal bells -- this was life as the Samburu had long lived it.
Because my husband, Tom, is a 45-year-old quadriplegic (nine months after our wedding 12 years ago, he broke his neck diving into our pool) and confined to a 300-pound electric wheelchair, our friend's wife called the restaurant in advance to ensure that it was fully wheelchair-accessible.
But supporters say that both Mr. Prodi and the left have learned from the past and from five years shut out from power — and that their majority is so small that the slightest disloyalty could erupt into a full crisis.
Laura J. Enos, Bonds’s lawyer for personal business matters since 1997, said in an interview yesterday that she and Bonds confronted Hoskins in June 2003 over the suspected forging of Bonds’s signature on contracts.
Many Roman Catholic scientists have criticized intelligent design, among them the Rev.
After demanding identification from the girl, the man handcuffed her and put her in the back of a two-tone blue van, but she escaped, the police said.
What We Like With vocal and well-organized residents ever vigilant about SoHo's buildings, their overall grandeur is sure to stay intact, despite the onslaught of ground-floor retailing.
Mr. Rosenberg and his business partner, William McCarthy, and Dr. Yaari began rounding up legal help, paying for it out of their pockets.
She began reading the stories published during this campaign, which started on Nov. 6 and runs through Feb. 6, with a daughter, Naomi, 10.
Oats are used in stout and rye is used in Eastern Europe to make kvass.
That's what all Mr. Lynch's movies are about, and why they have, in their demented fashion, a kind of Peter Pan quality: they're made by someone who has willed himself not to outgrow the immediacy and berserk randomness of a child's perceptions, and to take the really scary stuff along with the really neat stuff, just as it comes.
At the White House, senior aides say they are well aware of such polls and of widespread Republican complaints about the isolation of an administration now in its sixth difficult year.
"DNA don't lie," said Ed Martin, 61, a retired telecommunications engineer in Orange Park, Fla., whose test put his paternal ancestors in Central Asia.
Since he got the apartment, Ms. Cruz said, his seizures are less frequent.
The way they're presented here, they seem to think of nothing but competition and popularity.
He echoed this in an interview on Saturday night, saying, "That, to me, indicates that you are maybe going to be a little bit smarter about being a player in the game, and not just a guy who picks up the paper and sees what's written about him."
Dishing conservatives, after all, is a revenge best served cold.
She tasted the blends along the way, she said, dismissing merlot and cabernet grapes as boring, and eventually falling for cesanese, an ancient and little heralded grape found mainly in the Lazio region that has a light, but spicy taste.
Now the shoe box is certainly better than the alternative of not having everything in one place or, worse, not keeping anything at all.
Sri Lanka's governing party and the main opposition party pledged to cooperate to settle renewed conflict with the separatist Tamil Tiger rebels.
Coming up with more money to train and equip recruits above the 333,000 level proposed in the administration's budget will not be easy, the group said.
I'll add only that I wouldn't have noticed Speckles if my wife had not taught me, besides much else, to love animals.
"Fill a 40-foot trailer in 40 minutes — that was the goal," he recalled.
"There is a real pioneer spirit up here, with everyone coming together to collaborate on many levels.
Bill Perkins, a former City Council member who is running for an open seat in the State Senate, announced yesterday that he had been endorsed by three Democratic council members who represent parts of the Senate district, Robert Jackson, Miguel Martinez and Melissa Mark-Viverito.
"Now I feel I changed," Ms. Versace said, several days before mounting a show some said had put her struggling house back on the fashion map.
He broke into a smile as wide as Texas.
"Management alignment" sounds like a very obvious thing to say, but getting a large number of people operating in concert with the vision of a chief executive and a board is nontrivial.
She had indeed heard that, Miss Musorofiti said, adding, "Now turn it off."
This is the first time that a group of Pollock's works has been exhibited at the house, where he lived with his wife, the painter Lee Krasner.
However, his proposals are almost utopian in their reliance upon good will, enlightened public opinion and moral imperatives to overcome selfish but deeply entrenched private or national interests that do not share his goal of making globalization work for as many countries and as many people as possible.
"There was a fear factor."
Scores commissioned for dance are rare birds these days, so Juilliard's "New Dances/New Music," which opened on Wednesday night at the Peter Jay Sharp Theater, was noteworthy in offering no fewer than three new compositions to accompany three new dance pieces.
In another widely anticipated presentation, Wylie Dufresne of the restaurant WD-50 on the Lower East Side showed how to make hot flans with methylcellulose, a powder derived from tree pulp, and how to use tapioca maltodextrin -- a modified starch that can absorb half its weight in fat -- to produce a peanut butter powder he pairs with Concord grape sorbet to transform the peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
* [Rating: One Star] P. J. Clarke's on the Hudson P. J. Clarke's, a proud East Side saloon dating back more than a century, has a more generic Lower Manhattan offspring, P. J. Clarke's on the Hudson, with about 220 indoor seats, harbor views and a menu of burgers and steaks, oysters and crab cakes, baked macaroni and shepherd's pie.
Another may be the ugly nature of the campaign, which has been brutal even by New Jersey standards.
"I think, most likely, what U.S.A.
Any company that is large and successful is going to attract lawsuits, and Google’s deep pockets make it an especially big target.
With a doozy of a provocation — a happy ending like no other — Mr. Rodrigues explains nothing while clarifying what's really at stake here: grappling with loss, transcending through love.
Seeing the facts warrants action.
Last September, France banned soda-and-snack-selling vending machines from public schools.
To serve, place a large spoonful of potatoes in middle of four wide-rimmed plates or shallow soup bowls.
But New York had no police force.
For women who received chemotherapy after surgery, the survival rate was 52 percent for blacks compared with 62 percent for both whites and Hispanics.
Amona is just outside the settlement of Ofra, near the Palestinian city of Ramallah.
“Our commanders have his press release and are reviewing how best to address these concerns,” Lt. Col. Christopher Garver, a military spokesman in Baghdad, said early Tuesday afternoon, about an hour after the order was issued.
To fill this gap, he started the sibling support project, which is based in Seattle and provides information and holds discussion groups for children around the country.
"All the effort he's making every night makes me want to sit with him and study," said Ms. William, a high-school dropout.
For a tasty and quick bite, there's the regional chain of Isaac's Restaurant and Deli.
"We'll see what the experts say all week, and we'll hope for teams not to get upset in their tournaments," Hofstra Coach Tom Pecora said.
It is quiet but has a solid and responsive touch, with a lot of tactile feedback.
This book’s gradual upward trajectory leads it toward mounting suspense, a hall-of-mirrors finale and a coda that is supremely inspired.
White House officials have talked to Tony Snow, a commentator for Fox News and a former speechwriter for the president's father, about possibly succeeding Mr. McClellan.
“Baudelaire” is an avenue — crowded, foggy and skull-lined — along which one passes to think about the modern world itself.
It created a living wage law.
The most pivotal moment may occur next week, however, when Mr. Moussaoui is expected to take the stand.
Hoping to change this dysfunctional setup, a group of concerned entrepreneurs and businesspeople has formed a foundation, the Investors for Director Accountability, that will press directors to act in the interests of the stockholders they are supposed to represent.
In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to The Buckley School, 113 E. 73rd St., New York.
When he later exhibited this work in New York, Ms. Smith said, it quickly sold out.)
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates, March 1 - As United States senators turned Dubai into a household word last week, life in this desert city hardly changed: skiers swooshed down a man-made snow park in the region's largest shopping mall, workers put the finishing touches on man-made islands under construction and men like Rashad Bukhash continued planning for the day when this city of one million would grow to three million.
So while “The Science of Sleep” may not, in the end, be terribly deep, it is undoubtedly — and deeply — refreshing.
A list of survival gear, specified by the race director, was mandatory for all competitors.
4 choices, the Jets took offensive tackle Marvin Powell in 1977, offensive tackle Chris Ward in 1978, linebacker Marvin Jones in 1993 and defensive tackle Dewayne Robertson in 2003.
Most leagues do not use a jump ball except at the beginning of the game, and sometimes to start overtime.
Merrill Lynch agreed on Thursday to pay the Enron Corporation $29.5 million to settle its portion of a lawsuit filed against 10 banks accused of failing to prevent Enron's collapse.
Consumers, it seems, invest such lines with a credibility and an authenticity that, in their minds, distinguish them from the come-latelys.
In robberies, Milwaukee's Chief Hegerty said, "even after the person gives up, the guy with the gun shoots him anyway.
And party regulars have already begun despairing of her firmness of purpose.
PARAMUS Hurdy Gurdy Folk Music Club: Red Molly.
Mr. Fink's ties to Morgan Stanley are manifold.
Dinner becomes a simmering battle between factions, in which grievances and recriminations are passed around the table along with the salt and pepper.
But with the widespread protests, strong opposition within the National Assembly and defections among supporters within his own party, it may have backfired.
He also used $8,000 in campaign donations to pay for a top Senate aide to accompany him on a 10-day trip in the fall to Venice, Florence and Rome during which Mr. Alteri, the cable industry lobbyist, acted as their guide.
The mansions of Colonels' Row, just south of the more modest frame and brick houses surrounding Nolan Park, near Fort Jay, might become bed-and-breakfast establishments.
Though "Arthur & George" is smoothly written and professionally assembled, it's a ponderous performance -- crammed full of historical research and re-creations of period details and overstuffed with evidence relating to George's legal case.
The technology, we almost don't even think about it anymore."
The people he is talking about are shareholders who on Tuesday approved a measure to put big severance packages – those more than 2.99 times than the employee’s salary and bonus — to a shareholder vote.
"Europe has to recalibrate itself, not to the idea of a growing, democratic Russia, but to a Russia that is behaving according to its sense of its national interests," said John C. Kornblum, a former American ambassador to Germany who is now a banker in Berlin.
Her mother, who retired as the director of a technology center of the Patent and Trademark Office in Washington, owns i ECross Travel.com , an online travel agency.
A 120-square-foot storage space on the same floor is included and could become a home office, and another small bedroom could be carved out of the apartment itself.
Hundreds of workers who clean Houston’s office buildings did not report for the night shift and rallied downtown after talks collapsed with five private contractors.
FRUGAL TRAVELER: LONDON JENNIFER CONLIN, who lives in London, is a frequent contributor to the Travel section.
He is the son of Louise DiFiore Flood and Ronald William Flood of East Hampton, Conn. Melissa Morris and Mr. Pérez met three years ago, when she went to Mexico for fieldwork on her doctoral dissertation and he was a graduate student studying an orchid species that grows on oaks.
"In many cases, we'd take the actual images from the rover and work them a little bit to give you an outside point of view," Mr. Maas said.
The opening game of the inaugural World Baseball Classic is scheduled to take place in 43 days, but tournament organizers are anxious because they are still unsure if Cuba will be allowed to participate.
"I sure didn't," Mr. Warren said.
Mr. Eisner said he gave little thought to the risks or perceived loss of status.
The results are to be posted for public viewing today on a new Web site, www.athenaPayerView.com , and revised every three months.
The song was “Post-War,” the title track from his new album on Merge Records.
To house everyone close to the platform, Shell chartered a six-story floating hotel and linked it to Mars with a pontoon.
In “Resurrecting Methuselah,” Anita Channing wonders if she should move her young daughter, Bethany, to a new school, for it seems her teacher, Methuselah Harrington, has found religion and saturates his lessons with scripture.
The transport minister, Martin Cullen, said that a share sale would take place this year and that the government would keep at least a 25.1 percent stake.
"A once-a-year planning schedule simply does not give executives sufficient time to address the issues that most affect performance," the consultants write, adding that managers know this, so they basically ignore the prescribed process.
At the time, executives of record labels denied conspiring to limit competition.
Colleagues of a member of the State Senate agreed yesterday to investigate whether he violated ethics rules in connection with his job at the state’s troubled medical university, the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey.
Set during Faustus's last night, then, the English-language opera does not go over familiar versions of the story -- his thirst for knowledge and his love for the ill-fated Marguerite -- but rather is a largely nonnarrative reflection on life and existence.
Twachtman devoted himself to teaching, which also helped to buoy his reputation among other artists.
But the company told its unions that if they agreed to the givebacks, Continental would be able to go into "growth mode" to prepare for a better future -- and that is what it has done, buying new airplanes and expanding into places like Beijing and New Delhi.
Polish officials said reserves were adequate for now, and the Hungarian company asked big gas consumers to switch to oil where possible.
"As soon as we would make our plans, my best friend and I would start counting 'How many days to Cancun?'
“When we started, the three-story houses in Bed-Stuy were going for $300,000, but the speculators and developers seemed to be driving the prices up about $100,000 a month as we looked,” Mr. Kumar said.
/ But the plain ones are patient, aren’t they?
He noted that Lukoil had added a total of 4.5 billion barrels to its estimated oil reserves this year, including the new discovery.
free-market philosophy, but it also had "a lengthy pedigree of failure" -- that the vice president had to swiftly lumber onto conservative radio shows to praise drilling and gas guzzling.
The flavoring turns the milk pink; then come the ice cream, a few tukmaria seeds (from the basil family) and rice vermicelli.
The current bloodshed, fueled by political extremists and religious fanatics, turns the culture war once again into real war.
“It looked as if it would not work for a long time, but in the end we managed to build enough trust,” Dr. Paabo said.
He touched the lives of everyone who knew him, always kind, generous, loving, and giving.
Photo: The pioneering reliever Bruce Sutter was the only player elected to the Hall of Fame, narrowly clearing the 75 percent threshold.
But after the bombing of a sacred Shiite shrine in Samarra in late February, sectarian tensions exploded, and more Iraqis than ever have been buying, carrying and stockpiling weapons, adding an unnerving level of firepower to Baghdad's streets.
With tourism accounting for 500,000 jobs and $4 billion in tax revenue, Mr. Codey said there were significant stakes behind the new slogan.
Frankly, the museum has never looked better.
"The difficulty," Mr. Einaudi said, "is that he took on a battle that he couldn't win."
I’m not really complaining, at least not about the job.
Mr. Rajkumar was freed after 108 days.
The letter was signed by four Senate Democrats -- Harry Reid of Nevada, Richard J. Durbin of Illinois, Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts and Russell D. Feingold of Wisconsin.
The exchange will pay 0.51 of its shares for each SFE Corp. share, the Sydney-based bourse said today.
Desserts included chocolate cake and green tea ice cream, but don't miss the caramelized pear crepe with pear gelato and raspberry sauce; lychee gelato served with a baked Fuji apple and butterscotch sauce; and the green tea crème brûlée, with a delightful topping of caramelized sugar.
and at one point entangling one of her lawyers in a microphone cable.
Stylish and cool, the work in Mr. Scheibitz's sixth New York gallery show continues to violate the borders between abstraction and representation, painting and sculpture, art and other visual culture.
On the wall as you enter the Northpoint conference room is a 3-by-4-foot computer-generated drawing of a 21-story tower.
But for all of Mr. Greenspan's flair, from his visibility at parties to his knack for catchy phrases like "irrational exuberance," many veterans of economic policy say it is a mistake to think no one can fill his shoes.
“Now we kind of have renovation fever,” Ms. Van Metre said.
Many elementary and high school assignments began with the words, "Go to the library and ," and off we flew to make sure we successfully completed our homework.
Two-thirds of a majority will be required for non-death-penalty convictions.
Paula King, a widow who lost everything when Hurricane Katrina hit her Mississippi town, awoke yesterday to the possibility of being evicted from the hotel room in Queens she has lived in since September.
Marshall Wittmann, a senior fellow at the Democratic Leadership Council and a former adviser to Mr. McCain, disputed any suggestion that Mr. McCain was trying to repackage his political product.
Mr. Jesson, 55, of Fountain Valley in Orange County, pleaded guilty last year.
Another field trip took her to Washington, where she was treated to double-speak by an under secretary charged with explaining the administration's position on climate change.
A sturdy dog named Rufus (Ch.
ALEX MINDLIN NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: WASHINGTON HEIGHTS Correction: February 26, 2006, Sunday A picture last Sunday with an article about a pedestrian tunnel in Washington Heights was published in error.
She grew up part of Likud's royalty as a child of what is known here as a "fighting family," and in a series of interviews she was quick to defend Likud's mentor, Zeev Jabotinsky, for his dream of a Jewish state with equal rights for non-Jewish citizens.
The strategy of avoiding Gourriel and trying to subdue the rest of the Cubans failed.
Carter had a chance to snatch the game back for the Nets with his 3-pointer from the top of the key and the 6-9 Harrington jumping at him.
He said push-rim racing, especially among elite athletes who compete in racing wheelchairs, was thriving.
Bush followed in 1988 and it worked brilliantly.
Air traffic controllers saw smoke coming from the plane's landing gear before it veered about 25 feet off the runway, the Federal Aviation Administration said.
More than $1.2 million Upper West Side $1.9 million 160 West 86th Street, Westbury Hse.
Without being as speculative a biographer as Lytton Strachey was about Queen Victoria drifting off, I think it more likely that Ronald Reagan's dreams were of days and years to come.
Asked about the transcripts, Mr. Brown, who resigned under intense criticism of the hurricane response, said Wednesday in an interview that they vindicated his actions and cast doubt on statements by his former boss, Michael Chertoff, the homeland security secretary.
In 1992, she was honored by the naming of Eleanor Thomas Elliott Hall.
In some Moscow restaurants our lack of a high-price car would be grounds to treat us like paupers, but Turandot's staff has apparently been trained to treat all customers like royalty.
You don't even need money: in Chanel, a woman without a purse paid $1,795 for one just by showing her room key.
We give them fake names to hide their identity.
Harmony, they expect, should reign.
"I will change nothing," he said.
The amount of marketers in Times Square has soared this year in large part because three traffic islands there were made available on a regular basis this year for the first time as part of Mayor Bloomberg’s broader initiative to attract more tourists to New York City.
‘TheGreatest!’ Whatever back-seat doubts hehad had in the limo were gone now as he wenton shouting, strutting in for his ‘High Noon’shootout with his most dangerous opponent.” In the 1950s, Schulberg entered into theworld that he spent most of his life describing.He turned the barn of his New Hope, Pa.,farm into a boxing stable.
Mr. Maples, 65, of McAllen, could be fined $400,000 and sentenced to seven years in prison if convicted.
In our consumer culture of excess, sports mimics lifestyle, as the most titanic vehicles don't guarantee the safest ride and the most ostentatious houses deplete us of other crucial resources.
$900,000 to $1.2 million Lefferts Manor $970,000 160 Maple Street, Brooklyn Number of bedrooms: 5 Number of full bathrooms: 3 Number of half bathrooms: 1 Weeks on market: 16 weeks Prewar limestone town house; foyer, double parlor, renovated eat-in kitchen, bamboo floors, 2 fireplaces, sunroom, recreation room, basement, 20-by-100-ft. lot; taxes $3,324; listed at $975,000.
Mr. Pappen is originally from India.
Resources / Materials: -student journals -pens/pencils -paper -classroom board -copies of “Bush Spokesman Quits and Rove Loses a Post” found online at //www.nytimes.com/learning/teachers/featured_articles/20060420thursday.html (one per student) -copies of “Recent Changes in the Bush Administration” found online at //www.nytimes.com/2006/04/19/washington/19web-staff.html (one per student) -computers with Internet access -computer with projector and speakers Activities / Procedures: 1.
PAGE A6 Egypt Cool to Rice on Hamas Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice began a Middle East tour with a stop in Egypt, which she found unreceptive to American calls for a cutoff in aid to Hamas.
The ball didn’t even seem to hit the ground until it was practically at the plate.
NBC Universal yesterday named Michael Pilot, a General Electric executive since 2002, as president of its advertising sales division.
When searching for work in other fields, the mechanics will find themselves taking entry-level tests that more and more employers require of job applicants.
ATKINS--Robert Prince, died August 16th, 2006 in Boynton Beach, FL.
They are smart and slyly humorous, too.
In this climate, the sale of Univision (along with Galavision, its cable network, and Telefutura, Univision's other broadcast network) is welcome news to those in Hispanic marketing and television circles who hope a new owner is more open to investing in original made-in-America productions, and even to flirting with English.
“The units will retain the character of traditional SoHo lofts,” he said, “but you won’t have to take a freight elevator to get to them.”
That is no longer as true.
We extend our condolences to Dorothy Buswell and Lois Geldermann at the loss of their younger brother and join them in mourning the passing of a deeply respected American broadcaster.
"There's a new wave, a new income bracket," Ms. Henry said.
The AIDS issue is in fact central toRoberts’s current project.
Stamp plays him as austere, remote and steely -- give the narrative a sense of Old Testament wrath: "Will you love your brothers and sisters likewise, when they have committed a sin that cannot be atoned for without the shedding of their blood?"
Buenos Aires Casa Cruz Hands down the hottest scene in the city.
Friday at 7 p.m. Free.
To be sure, "Full Swing" contains its fair share of inside baseball.
To reach these unpopulated prizes, you must either hike or snowshoe up a hill (with skis or snowboard strapped onto a backpack), or affix your skis with grippy, stick-on climbing skins that generate traction on the ascent.
I read "Things Fall Apart," Chinua Achebe's allegorical novel of Nigerian independence, when I was a schoolboy growing up in Australia.
$900,000 to $1.2 million Ridgefield $933,000 20 Wheeler Road Number of bedrooms: 5 Number of full bathrooms: 3 Number of half bathrooms: 1 Weeks on market: 29 weeks 28-year-old wood-sided colonial; front porch, pantry, family room, sunroom, 3 fireplaces, vaulted ceilings, office, garage, pool, 3.78-acre lot; taxes $9,139; listed at $939,000.
Reading him, one begins to suspect that if the war on terrorism is won, it will be despite, not because of, the agency.
The budget bears all the hallmarks of the Bush presidency: his overriding priorities are national security and making permanent the tax cuts passed by Congress in recent years.
Those of us familiar with old football slang recall the Hail Mary pass, thrown far down the field as if in prayer that it will be caught.
Bush told reporters, “I’m looking forward to meeting the Marlarians.” O. J. Simpson is going to appear in a Fox special called: “If I Did It, Here’s How It Happened.” Then O. J. will appear in a rebuttal special called: “But Perhaps I Didn’t Do It — Unless Of Course By ‘It’ You Mean ‘Double Murder’ — In Which Case, Yes: I Did It.” DAVID LETTERMAN Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of New York City, may run for President.
Mr. Bush, he said, believes "that the health care system that worked 30 or 40 years ago isn't working."
Justice O'Connor has been a pioneer, and her dedicated service on the Supreme Court will never be forgotten.
He wears what appears to be a buttoned doublet or gown with an undecorated white linen collar, casually untied to give him the appearance of informality.
Mr. Kully said he would not agree to design the first five stories of his new building without any windows on the garden side, and he pointed out that there are numerous windows on the co-op's side that overlook the garden.
We’re executing our missions, constantly working with and training Iraqi army and security forces.
Correction: February 22, 2006, Wednesday A listing on the Calendar page of the Westchester section on Sunday for a performance this Saturday at the Common Ground Coffee House in Hastings-on-Hudson included an outdated references to the performers.
Card companies say that fraud losses in 2005 over all were about 6 cents per $100 for merchandise bought on credit, a low level that has varied little in the last few years.
A study to be released today by the Community Service Society of New York found that nearly a quarter of the roughly 121,000 apartments built under federal and state subsidy programs dating from the 1960's and 1970's left those programs from 1990 to 2005.
"I had a gut feeling that Brian might be in the airport, that he might be flying home to Florida," she said.
Imai, 18, wears her hair in long pigtails.
The New Directors/New Films festival concludes its 35th edition with two French and four American films, several fresh from the Sundance Film Festival.
The city is placing an extra eight officers in the neighborhoods where the shootings have occurred.
¶Cellopain: the jerk who talks loudly and obliviously on his cellphone in a crowd.
May his light be perpetuated by our presence.
But he admitted that in fact, his supply comes from abroad.
This leads to an obvious question: Can it really take up to 40 years after a trauma before someone realizes he can no longer cope with the demands of civilian life?
OVERLOOKED in the claims and counterclaims about fish and consumers' health is the fact that it is easy to buy fish that have beneficial omega-3 fatty acids but do not have a high level of contaminants.
Most residents of doorman buildings earn far more.
Aghast, their publicist shouted, "We're not answering that."
BOOKSELLING, it's said in the publishingindustry, is a matter of "hand selling.
They are looking in the neighborhood, since they are committed to staying in Stratfield.
ANTONIO MARIA COSTA,head of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, on Afghanistan's record opium crop.
The central bank president Maria Antonieta de Bonilla said yesterday that the accounts held at Bancafe would be transferred to other banks.
I am married with a 10-month-old son."
("Reading Proust makes you at once warier and more generous, less likely to dismiss trivia, more aware that trivia may explode with significance, may reveal laws you never suspected."
The university has mounted Web cameras for Stanford football fans to monitor the renovation project ( stanfordstadium.com ).
The presidential gallery also includes the last known photograph of Abraham Lincoln, taken just a month before his death, and Elaine de Kooning's abstract of a somber John F. Kennedy.
Yes, steadily fewer American workers are testing positive for drugs — that is what Quest Diagnostics, which does a lot of the testing, reports.
"History itself, whether bad or good, should not be forgotten."
A team sponsored by Stix, Baer & Fuller, a department store in St. Louis, won the competition in 1933 and 1934, and St. Louis Central Breweries won in 1935.
Further Questions for Discussion: -Which interpretation of Karl Rove’s departure, the Republican or Democratic, do you think is more accurate?
A3 NATIONAL A12-16 Alito's Testimony Ends;Democrats Are Critical Judge Samuel A. Alito Jr. completed his testimony at his Supreme Court confirmation hearings to a blast of opposition from Democrats, who signaled they would not support him.
“We miss not being able to be in their lives every day like we did with the grandchildren.” Yet if great-grandchildren are in regular contact with their great-grandparents, even if they do not live with or near them, they may grow up with more positive attitudes toward older people and a greater sense of connectedness to their families and to their cultural traditions, said Dr. Carr, who has studied the sociology of aging.
Hundreds of family members of the trapped men kept a desperate vigil outside the gate to the coal mine, known as Unidad Pasta de Conchos No.
The trust has been dogged by accusations of mismanagement, which led to the resignation of Barry Munitz, the trust's president and chief executive, in February.
The aquarium has been an overwhelming popular success.
Still, I keep playing the brain games, both because they’re kind of fun and because I’m hoping that one day I’ll be smart enough for something like Nancy Drew: Danger by Design, an adventure game that contains some puzzles that are simply beyond me.
THE world of wine has a long tradition of training and certifying experts.
"You are about to experience the thrill of your life" says a faded sign, fallen among debris, in an opening image in the show.
Whatever critique of affirmative action Mr. Summers intended was lost in what became a soap opera of hurt feelings and facile accusations of racism.
But Maddon, the Devil Rays' rookie manager, has taken the shift a step further.
The woman in Indiana, who had four children of her own, changed her mind about keeping him after his sophomore year, and he returned by bus to New York in the summer of 2004.
It is a commentary both on her personally and on the Genteel Female that she rode the two hundred and fifty miles to Mexico City in a little over five days.” VISITOR INFORMATION GETTING THERE Flights from New York to Morelia are likely to involve a connection in Houston, with round trips on Continental starting at $562, or in Mexico City, with Aeromexico round trips from Kennedy Airport starting at $785.
The judge also noted Mr. Ellef's "not insignificant" years of military service at the height of the Vietnam War.
"We heard about the rumors and talked," said Ms. Shearmur.
11 and made par to Campbell's bogey on the par-3 No.
"This is an indescribable feeling," Noah said.
East 88th Street had bad vibes.
Wife of Allen W., M.D.
The sequence ends at the gnarled trunks of what turns out to be a pair of nestling trees, lone survivors in silent communion.
They kept saying, 'You have to come back.
Six months later, after a commuting courtship that involved $12.50 in bridge tolls for each round trip, he proposed.
The highest average adjusted gross income reported was $566,541, in the Morristown ZIP code 07976, known as New Vernon.
What makes ultraviolet light such a disagreeable portion of the sun's electromagnetic spectrum?
Rachel S. Rubin, the governor's special counsel for ethics compliance, came in about 15 minutes later, according to Ms. Moody.
I think I might just go on.” Though Win e-mails his exegesis to friends rather than copying it and handing it around, ’zine-style, it is interesting to see Pagan’s Head, Kennedy’s own monument to the past, subtly come full circle in fiction.
Its new task could give the command considerable clout in organizing the nation's overall intelligence efforts.
"It used to be an old thing from the solitaire days," Mr. Snyder said.
But the new grants are being structured to encourage the 165 scientists receiving them to join forces.
"Valuations vary from market to market.
In the back of his mind, Mr. Fuller, an executive producer of the program, hoped that "Idol" would be strong again this year.
The league trading deadline is 3 p.m. Thursday, and a report on Sports Illustrated's Web site suggested that Orlando was waiting to see if a more attractive offer surfaced.
Republicans said he continued to weigh remaining in his post or announcing that he would step aside.
Here were some of the best: Sitting Pretty If you called the Mercedes-Benz CLS an overpriced E-Class you wouldn't be far off -- my CLS500 test car was $73,889 -- but that's nothing compared with the cost of a trophy spouse, and the achingly lovely CLS will keep its shape much longer.
with a most shapely Slavic "o."
The law firm of Kirkland & Ellis advised Bain Capital.
The Hague has become a symbol of both the promise of international law and its stunning shortcomings.
Given the unsatisfactory, painful winding down of both wars, there are hints of discontent here, signs of the ancient tension between the political and military authorities.
"I swear that there will not be any international military intervention in Darfur as long as I am in power," Mr. Bashir was quoted as telling a meeting of his party.
Our newspapers all operate autonomously."
The university, she said, is in a class by itself, as the world’s only liberal arts university for the deaf, and is highly prestigious.
(Mr. Varnedoe died in 2003.)
To justify such fee increases, or for that matter the very existence of fees, this country’s museums have come to cast themselves as a blend of popular entertainment, corporation and school.
“A ferry, a drop-off point, what does that tell us?” Mr. Algieri said.
Simple syrup, indispensable to bartenders, is usually nothing more than equal parts sugar and water, heated until the sugar dissolves.
At the second trial, the lawyer denied telling him that.
Its ritual transfer is the final, emotional act of buying a house; the key literally gets you in the door.
Fox's "So You Think You Can Dance" was Wednesday's most-watched show, with 10.4 million viewers in Nielsen's estimates.
His hand was positioned near his chin, with a weary gaze fixed ahead, as if he were a college student enduring a lecture he did not want to attend.
As two deadlines for the offer came and went, the most recent on Friday, most shareholders heeded the directors' advice and kept their holdings.
All our surveys will tell you consumers think the world of Microsoft.
I'm excited to work with him.
The author of this column is sympathetic — I once dreaded flying so much that I traveled to Dallas to attend a “how to survive a plane crash” course.
"We don't want Fofana to get information from somebody else, so we have to act."
Halle Berry, Hugh Jackman and Ian McKellen, all of whom star in the generically serviceable "X-Men: The Last Stand," are three reasons that the film's director, Brett Ratner, has now walked the same red carpet as Federico Fellini and Clint Eastwood.
And the miso soup had a savory smoky flavor, with contrasting seaweed and pieces of tofu that melted in my mouth.
He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania.
The property is owned by Sciame Development Inc., the Zuberry Development Corporation and the Durst Organization.
In the 1960’s state toll roads entered into the system, extending the web to all corners of the country.
And if you want to hear his fierce new single, "Gunshot," based on a stark riddim called "Redbull & Guinness," then you'll have to buy the "Redbull & Guinness" compilation CD (Greensleeves), which compiles nearly two dozen new songs based on the same riddim.
"It sounds simple but it's actually quite complicated when you have to do it at 3,000 feet below the sea," said Frank Glaviano, the head of production for North and South America at Royal Dutch Shell.
It half worked, especially in the sections involving Andy Gonzalez.
Over 450 of you posted or e-mailed your reactions—450 of the most intelligent, articulate comments ever typed.
Two people were killed and a 10-month-old girl was critically injured in a three-vehicle crash yesterday afternoon in Chester, the police said.
One number has the wry title “Ever After Happily.” But it is getting harder for Mr. Brannan, who is 24, to pull off the woe-is-me routine.
Now Ovation has raised the wholesale price of Mustargen roughly tenfold and that of Cosmegen even more, according to several pharmacists and patients.
All wore ordinary clothing rather than the orange prison-style jumpsuits captives sometimes wear.
Experts on domestic violence say accounts like that of Ms. Walsh, who is now divorced, are not unusual.
Sunday through Tuesday, 150 First Avenue, at East Ninth Street, East Village, (212) 477-5288 or www.ps122.org.
It is up to Congress, however, to decide when the Mall is full.
The bride is the stepdaughter of Sarah Marchand and Michael Edwards.
's wrath are cases where companies fail to follow procedures intended to identify safety hazards quickly, or hide problems or fail to report them in a timely fashion.
"You used to be able to buy anything down here, even rocket engines," he said.
In January, Heavy.com, an online entertainment company aimed at young men, took on $10 million in venture capital.
Everyone who knew him loved and respected his ability to find peaceful solutions to all situations.
He was listed as stable, with wounds to his face, neck, chest and rib cage from the pellets sprayed at him from 30 yards away by Mr. Cheney's shotgun.
Revered and dedicated stepfather of Alan (Linda) & Roxanne (Steven).
At the ceremony, Mr. Bisno, wearing seersucker, stood under the wedding canopy waiting for his bride.
Some grew so hot that the water boiled off and they became steam vents.
This stark choice could define the nature of our democracy in the 21st century: will we elect representatives who care more about our quality of life than about our quantity of stuff?
He is a son of Elizabeth Rogers Brokaw and Mr. Brokaw III of Southampton, N.Y. His father retired as the chairman of Invail Capital, an investment firm in New York.
Survived by sister Kathleen and Peter Krey, in-laws Rita Blissert, Rev.
Attacks on transmission networks have often taken out the specific lines that would cause the greatest disruption to the overall electrical network, and they have often been timed so perfectly -- for example, when the lines are carrying their highest loads of the day -- that many conclude the insurgents have to be getting information from within the ministry.
Mr. Kovar organized the Chile trip and other international tours for B'nai B'rith, and neighbors said that even though he had retired years ago from his job in pharmaceutical sales, he never lost the salesman's knack for smooth talk.
The new aquacultured fish were not ones that I would pursue in my native waters.
You could begin with a bowl of steamed mussels in white sauce -- red sauce, also offered, would have obscured the freshness of these beauties -- and come away pleased.
By virtue of the Miami Heat's 95-82 loss to the Detroit Pistons on Thursday night, the Nets sit only two and a half games behind the Heat for the No.
The combination of clean, straight lines and curved lines adds a certain harmony."
In addition, he said that guards and county police officers would be on duty at the center around the clock.
"I feel so good," Ms. Carroll said.
It is always a huge selling point, and it adds to resale value."
Prevention of child abuse would not only benefit our innocent children but would also save the country a lot of money in the long run.
The Nebula Awards, bestowed annually by a literary society called the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America, don't have a special prize for the speculative work possessing the year's most striking literary imagery.
Mozilla Thunderbird, free software available at www.mozilla.com/thunderbird , can import your Outlook data and screen your mail for you.
For those who like a good war story, or even for those who don’t, it’s bracing stuff.
Said Dean Kidd of Harvard: "They're far more open about sexuality.
But, absolutely, people don't want him to.
The Minnesota Vikings filled their vacancy last week by hiring Brad Childress, who was the offensive coordinator for the Philadelphia Eagles.
"We've come a long way, and now we have a choice to make," Mr. Bloomberg said on the dais set atop the steps of City Hall.
So Young Jean Lee’s hysterically funny “Songs of the Dragons Flying to Heaven,” now at the Here Arts Center, is perfect, because the show is actually about minority rage, mudfish in tofu, femininity’s inner viciousness and a secret Korean plot to rule the world.
But imagine facing something more serious, like financial or marital problems, and you can see how it might be a recipe for disaster.
The New Museum of Contemporary Art, the Flea Theater and the National Museum of the American Indian are among 63 arts and civic organizations that are to benefit from more than $27 million in grants being announced today by state and city officials.
He sculptures ceramic figures, beautifully wrought but far darker than what tends to sell in downtown galleries.
For example, I really do not think that the city has galvanized its resources in a way to address the problems of violence among youth.
With love, from her children Jennifer & Stuart their spouses Burt & Alice and her grandchildren Emma, Teddy, Libby, Abigail and Phoebe $(6$)HAYDEN--Melissa.
The American military raided a hard-line Sunni mosque in Baghdad a day after Ms. Carroll was kidnapped, setting off angry demonstrations by hundreds of Iraqis.
VISITOR INFORMATION GETTING THERE Flights from New York to Rio begin at about $990.
In a motion to dismiss the civil charges against him, Mr. Langone's lawyers argue that the very documents Ms. Bernstein helped prepare -- the ones lacking the CAP bonus -- were taken out of context because the board was fully aware of how the CAP program functioned.
Hop breeders in the Pacific Northwest, where virtually all American hops are grown, responded with Cascade.
But the story's overarching gentleness and the seriousness with which it presents a child's sense of the world make a nice change of pace from the noise and cynicism of so many American films aimed at underage audiences.
The downside is that the Vonage phone is about twice the size of a standard cellphone, and the sound quality is mediocre.
Marbury had played in 280 consecutive games before missing 11 games in January and February with a bruised left shoulder.
This time, I was the one weighing the advice.
Almost five years later, two college students found parts of the airplane, a nametag belonging to one of the men and what a search team's report described as "a small piece of frozen flesh."
It’s super bright, and the water just shines.
Mr. Bernanke is a champion of greater openness and demystification at the Fed.
She was too focused on changing the world.
WHERE TO STAY Many hotels set their rates in dollars as well as yuan, the Chinese currency.
The Winter Tree Gallery, 125 Main Street.
Since she and Win began their training at the National Forensic Academy, they've talked the nights away, and since the student apartments don't have thick walls, their roommates get the wrong end of that deal.
Moreover, the achievement demonstrated that industry rivals like Microsoft and Google could cooperatively generate useful technologies.
The stand-off was eventually resolved but not before then-Gov.
Since the first year, when the museum saw nearly 250,000 visitors, annual attendance has fallen to about half that.
Both had skied in the Mount Washington Valley as children, so when they married and had children of their own (who are now in their 30's) they continued their frequent trips to Jackson.
Recently, for example, she used funds to buy an exercise bike for an overweight girl with developmental disabilities.
“It’ll kill me.” Well, no, it won’t, but his irrational fear that something terrible will happen is the defining element of all phobias, be it exposure to planes, rhinoceroses or swimming pools.
With this transformation have come both risk and internal conflict.
Lyn Nofziger Is Dead The cigar-chomping former newspaperman who served as spokesman and strategist for Ronald Reagan in Sacramento and Washington died of cancer at age 81.
Verizon Wireless's LG 8100, which lets customers watch television clips, play games and listen to music, costs $150 after rebates.
Mr. Bloomberg seems to view the deal more charitably than the governor.
Last year, she explained, one of her classes took a trip across the courtyard to look at some of the society's world-class holdings of one million books and objects addressing Hispanic culture worldwide.
Since the work was done at an Army camp, soldiers were also among the volunteers.
If it takes its measures now, the cabinet will not have to approve the payment of February's customs duties and taxes that Israel collects for the Palestinian Authority, about $50 million a month.
Lincoln's opponents argued that the South was too culturally and economically dissimilar to be reconciled with the North, that blacks could not live freely and equally with whites.
In a 1997 study it cited, fourth and fifth graders were asked which of two foods - say, corn flakes or frosted flakes - was more healthful; the children who watched the most TV were the most likely to pick the less nutritious one.
It might be at a backyard barbecue, a birthday celebration at a classy San Francisco restaurant or a simple late-night reunion at someone’s house.
It is being used in the current production of “Beowulf,” a computer-generated version of the ancient tale directed by Robert Zemeckis, who directed “Polar Express.” But she agreed that the Image Metrics approach was “very promising.” “It’s been a challenge for everyone in this field to get away from markers,” she said.
The Association for Computing Machinery, the professional organization that issued the report, says that there are more information technology jobs today than at the height of the dot-com boom.
Page Berkholz, 33, was cheerfully organizing supplies at his face-painting station in the Park at MOA, prepping for the approximately 30 cheeks he decorates daily.
It was cold and slippery and the middle of nowhere.
On Thursday, Mr. Nicholson will be back on Capitol Hill, testifying before the House Committee on Government Reform.
Each program also included a piano concerto.
Ararat Cemetery, Farmingdale, LI, 10:30 AM, Tuesday.
Now there is a reason to be nervous.
The story was titled "Freddie Starr Ate My Hamster."
" Race is not the only factor in the political equation.
According to Judge Preska, the prosecutors have audio recordings that capture him discussing specific ways to raise money and transfer it to Islamic fighters battling the United States forces in Afghanistan in the fall of 2001, after the Sept. 11 attacks.
She served as the first woman president of the Feather and Down Association and served on Governor Rockefeller's Upholstery and Bedding Advisory Board.
In this production by the Edge Theater, Ms. Doran has mapped out a situation worthy of a Conrad or Naipul novel, but the play doesn't begin to plumb its layers.
The combination tablets also need no refrigeration, an important advantage in poor countries lacking electricity, and can be dissolved in water for babies.
It was not the décor, which is shabby, or the service, which can be surly, and certainly not the menu, which is very nearly useless.
The Village Voice holds a popular indie music festival there each summer ( www.villagevoice.com/specials/siren ) and kitschy, family-friendly places like the New York Aquarium (602 Surf Avenue, 718-265-3403) and Astroland Amusement Park (1000 Surf Avenue, 718-372-0275) only get better with age.
A14 Cheney Taken to Hospital Vice President Dick Cheney went to a hospital for four and a half hours after complaining of shortness of breath, but he was back at the White House in the afternoon, amid a number of unanswered questions about his condition.
William P. Scheer, chairman of the Pharmacists Society of the State of New York, who owns a drugstore in the Bronx, said: “Some people will go cold turkey on Jan. 1.
"When you feel secure in a position, you can move more freely."
As we said earlier, there are often leftovers with large cuts, which are critical to have around for a quick lunch or snack when you have houseguests.
So he was thrilled when he found a lovely apartment on West 99th Street for a reasonable $1,850.
Wills’s own central point is now declared in my library, as long as the binding of the book holds up.
"They didn't dismiss him, which was well within their rights to do," Mr. Ensley said yesterday.
Despite flaws in the work, the Mint Theater Company's revival of Rose Franken's 1944 comedy is highly entertaining (2:00).
But as the military prepared to end things quickly, Mr. Bremer changed his mind about the "temporary" cessation.
Anthony was quiet and had trouble trusting other people, remembered Gus Haracopos, the campus director at Andrus.
But a court victory alone is not enough to solve the company’s problems, according to Barron’s, which concluded over the weekend that TiVo is a prime takeover target.
Polonsky regards this exercise, involving blindfolds, accusations and deception, as a kind of instructive corporate bonding.
The wrong umpire made the initial call."
A staggering 61,000 people are expected to turnout to see Trump and Co. in action.
Now that it has opened — and Paul Greengrass's film is a good one — a small wave of self-congratulation has begun to break across the country.
But the risks of social and political explosions in India are declining, while in China they may be rising.
The music filled the large, empty hall and poured into a recording booth at spine-tingling volume.
"The national press was overwhelmingly against Griffin, and it made the South look pretty stupid.
A conventional, rather masculinist notion of personal identity and selfhood also infiltrate Wallace's review of the tennis player Tracy Austin's autobiography.
No replacement has been named.
An all-male editorial panel at Houghton Mifflin turned down the book (overriding the recommendation of a female editor), in the belief that American women wanted simple, easy recipes, preferably involving mixes.
Other places are a bit more egalitarian.
He lived a very full life in a very short time.
The new inquiry into the killing of Corporal Tillman, a member of the elite Rangers, will be conducted by the Army Criminal Investigation Command.
Larger than the compact trucks of the time, but not as brutish as the Big Three's full-size haulers, the Dakota created a niche -- the midsize pickup -- that it kept to itself for nearly 20 years.
From the terrace, I watched the sun setting pink over the rusty mountains.
One reason is snob appeal -- a Pacifica or Odyssey isn't dressed to impress valet attendants on Rodeo Drive.
After earning her undergraduate degree from Mount Holyoke College in 1971, she studied creative writing at City College with Joseph Heller and Israel Horovitz.
Taxol causes more damage to white blood cells, while Abraxane causes more nerve damage.
But some specialists who have read the proposed definition say it is a short step from labeling someone with high blood pressure to prescribing pills.
“There’s more to life than just living on this block,” she said.
It’s hard to imagine the sound of the wiry rockers with their amps and electric guitars belting out “Memory Motel” beneath the animal trophy heads, mounted elk antlers and the big dead fish above the fireplace mantel in the living room.
"I felt bad," Carter said.
You will always be a huge part of us.
"And I think that by the middle of the season, I feel like we're going to be strong and we're going to be a threat for the championship.
MIAMI--Fired Art Kehoe, offensive line coach, Dan Werner, offensive coordinator, Vernon Hargreaves, linebackers coach, and Don Soldinger, running backs coach.
(Ages 4 to 7) 3 3 9 THE HELLO, GOODBYE WINDOW, by Norton Juster.
But recent simulations of pandemic-specific responses, like converting schools to hospitals or quarantining entire neighborhoods, have largely been "tabletop exercises," in which officials talk about a response but do not conduct drills.
But that hunger has only exposed the raw and yawning gaps that remain: a disregard for health and safety measures in many places, combined with a deep public suspicion that corrupt officials turn a blind eye to the need to enforce standards in these areas.
In two five-on-three power plays Sunday, the United States could not score.
They now live elsewhere in the village.
It featured a mountain of mussels, a few shrimp and clams topped by a big red lobster, paired with a pot of melted butter.
Mr. Stern and Mr. Buchwald did receive the shares three days after Mr. Stern began on Sirius in January, and Sirius allowed them to sell the shares right after that.
Newspapers ran headlines that baffled their urban readers: “Rural Values Proved Pivotal,” “Conservatives in Rural Ohio Big Key in Bush Victory,” and “G.O.P.
Almost immediately, the plan drew criticism from outside experts who contend that simply providing a template for localities without adequate resources in the form of equipment, money and expertise could prove disastrous.
They also won the World Open Junior Pairs title in Slovakia in July.
The excitement of it, as well as the hooey of it, are both alive to Professor Gates, who is an excellent host — funny, canny, generous.
Henrik Lundqvist could have been excused for feeling a bit lonely in the third period last night at Madison Square Garden.
We start with an ambition and a need.
Much loved uncle of Caroline, Virginia, and Elizabeth and his caring companion, Ruth Steel.
Mangini isn't a radical hire, just a radical departure from Edwards.
Mary O. Donohue is being considered for a federal judgeship by the White House after being recommended by Gov.
But there is still a long way to go for the program to reduce the polluting fossil fuels that electrical generators use.
"You can't make good health care decisions unless there's transparency in the marketplace," he said on Wednesday in Connecticut.
A huge number of brands -- from big corporations or individuals with three T-shirt graphics and a blog -- are now chasing the discriminating street-couture consumer.
He said the doctor and two nurses had decided who would live and who would die.
But the dancers look tethered, particularly the men in their jumps.
Christie's will sell 48 of them, in lots of 6, for prices estimated at $600 to $800 per lot.
The writer said that most of the galleries on Canyon Road ''specialize in traditional Western cowboy art.''
On the tray next to me was a pile of bloody cotton.
When stomachs rumble, head to Cafe Chloe (721 Ninth Avenue, 619-232-3242; www.cafechloe.com), a corner bistro that serves elegant comfort food and wine to the designer jeans and bottle-blond crowd.
Congregation Kol Ami, 252 Soundview Avenue.
The two were in their first year in the N.F.L.
Here, sunburned vacationers can spend afternoons in the bookstore’s cool quarters, with the jazz guitarist Charlie Hunter on the stereo as they scan the eclectic collection.
Some states, including New York, have laws requiring such counseling and consent forms.
“We all wanted to see if this would endure,” Kathleen Deignan, dean of undergraduate students at Princeton and Mr. Dunne’s boss, said of the close-knit campus community, which was encouraging the couple.
He learned of his membership only after his killing some years ago.
I’ve never seen any gay cowboys that were that cute.”
"I tried to tell her to stop smoking," said Ms. Klaus, who spoke to reporters shortly after the fire was put out.
Now 30, she is an artist and designer.
The agency has summoned Iranian officials to a meeting in Vienna on Wednesday to explain their intentions on research.
The legal paper, a road map to unresolved issues in the case, suggested there could be bruising legal fights ahead.
The quasi-prediction comes with a caveat, though.
The scale of her fund-raising is enormous, even for a politician of her considerable stature.
Wives were sequestered an entire county and area code away, at a hotel in West Los Angeles.
"I don't think anybody believes that you could totally fence off the border and be effective," Mr. Bush said.
The commission said that an employee had been buying and selling well-known media stocks using inside information as part of a scheme engineered with a Morgan Stanley analyst.
Meanwhile, grassroots organizations like Open Bethlehem and the Alternative Tourism Group are working aggressively to promote West Bank-based tourism alternatives.
You can rent snowshoes from the Y.M.C.A.
ARMONK, N.Y., April 8 - Attorney General Eliot Spitzer assailed the budget proposals of Gov.
Work at the station continued yesterday.
Today, in the age of the all-volunteer military, some prefer the logic of officials like Representative Charles B. Rangel, the Manhattan Democrat who has proposed restoring the draft as an antiwar tactic.
They were on the standard Euro-tour of the Southwest: Las Vegas, the Grand Canyon, Monument Valley.
And then, inevitably, there were the ones who got away.
"This has gotten so far out of control I really can't believe it," said Harvey Sussman, who is Jewish and has been a friend and sometime business associate of Mr. Merhi.
"I knew we weren't going to the playoffs, so this is a chance to chase another career path," he said.
Having previously described Welles as little more than a bystander to the 1938 broadcast of “The War of the Worlds,” he now seems to regard it as a major Wellesian achievement.
A 41-year-old public affairs official on leave from the Brooklyn campus of ASA: The College for Excellence, he is soft-spoken, with eyes that look sad even when crinkled above a smile.
It was another reminder of the deep connections between Judaism and Ethiopian Christianity, which combines belief in the Holy Trinity with some of the myths and the symbols of the Old Testament.
Finns blame their losing streak on the fact that contestants have typically sung in their mother tongue, a famously difficult Uralic language where words with three umlauts are not uncommon. "
It's both light and sustaining, like something the ancient Chinese would have eaten for its medicinal qualities: garlic for the liver, egg for strength, pepper for the nervous system.
Go to Article from The New York Times »
But so far, it seems, the waits at dinnertime are as long, and the crowds as dense, as ever.
Although his wife likes to tease him, insisting that he "never watched a game until he became president of a sports team," he maintains that he's an exception.
BLOOMFIELD - YOU remember Mona Lisa Vito -- the gum-snapping, four-letter-word-spouting, maxi-haired and mini-skirted autodidact.
Except, of course, for Quentin Tarantino's "Pride and Prejudice."
But as the director said in a recent interview, he "didn't feel the movie coming together" during two months of work on location in Kentucky.
Laura Kightlinger, creator, executive producer, writer and lead actress; Bob Balaban, executive producer; Dave Punch, executive producer and writer; Debbie DeMontreux, Evan Shapiro and Rachel Smith, executive producers.
Head," directed by Koji Yamamura and other short films.
I think a new guy always has an advantage.
President Zia told a general to wipe it out, and in 1993, Pakistan became the first country to do so.
Moreover, on those rare (?)
Frontier’s New York-Denver fares start at $350 for September flights.
It was about a woman who invites a man to her apartment.
Instead of simply aestheticizing a gizmo, she says, Mimobots also work in the opposite direction: making the rarefied art-toy craze accessible.
Now he’s moving seven times in a season, fleeing the rent collector; now he appears at the Salons, composing the most eloquent art criticism of the age.
The city’s Law Department said it was reviewing the decision.
Unconsciously they may just be Explorers blindly searching until they find their Builders.
But Mr. Bush acknowledged that the deal now faced a difficult battle for approval in Congress that would entail a change in American law.
In the late 1890's, Gillette rewrote a five-act play that Doyle had written, casting himself as Holmes.
She and I are not normally ideological soulmates, but I have some sympathy with her on this policy.
"The way I see the situation is, we have done what we had to," said Mr. Mondragon, 27, whose brother fought in the war and returned with post-traumatic stress disorder.
That is done by consulting Gartmore's analysts and fund managers who specialize in various countries and industries.
At home, I held them up to my throat, fanned them out on the table like a silken royal flush, and wondered just what was happening to me.
But for now, he said, the loan suspension stands.
Bolt, a masterly scene-setter, reports that the Venice of Da Ponte’s young adulthood was seen as “a paradise for friars and whores,” and that Venetians “had long stopped seeing priests as models of high moral behavior, and had themselves grown God-shirking and hedonistic.” Da Ponte lived most of his 20’s in Venice as a cicisbeo, or attendant on married women, supporting himself as a teacher and tutor, or, when lucky, on winnings from the gambling table.
“It’s a huge issue,” said Marc Rotenberg, executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, or EPIC.
We are all in mourning.
So were Thai spring rolls (poa pia) that had the additional texture of crystal noodles in the vegetable and pork mix.
For crab meat soup, $13.
"Maybe I should come back for another visit," I said.
There was a riveting precariousness to the equilibrium of some dishes.
The report appears in the September issue of The Lancet Oncology.
He is currently a correspondent with The Financial Times.
The chef, David Laris, who is Australian Greek, likes fresh ingredients and international flavors.
But a ministry spokesman said that the 2003 case was not evidence of a bird flu outbreak in China at that time and that there were no plans to review other cases.
"A lot of this is subjective, a judgment on how efficiently the virus is infecting people," she said.
Indeed, two of the most famous lines of movie dialogue ever written make this point.
The first step was to agree on how many houses were damaged, and how badly.
The girl’s lack of ambition was contagious.
SLIDE SHOWS -- Additional images of sailing the Turkish coast, and Salta, Argentina.
Cherished grandmother of Susan, Brendan, Joseph, Dawn, and Robert.
Fuel is in short supply, vegetable prices have soared and the movement of trucks carrying goods into Katmandu has been frozen for two weeks.
Of Greenwich died on June 12, as the result of a car accident.
While word about the event is spreading, Mr. Himmelman said that many people are not aware of it because it typically occurs on a rainy night in March, a time when people usually would stay inside.
The fans gained traction last year in the chat forum on the production's official Web site, www.altarboyz.com, where they discuss their favorite Altar Boy, parse the tiniest variations in performances and generally act like Backstreet Boys fans, albeit ones with extraordinarily good access.
"There is a prevailing interest in continuing with the trial of the accused in order to serve the ends of justice," the court said.
Professional minor leagues offer gifted athletes, who may lack the ability or preparation for higher education, an alternate path to develop a career in sports.
"That's all you see back here," Mr. Reddick said.
To order The New York Times for your classroom, click here .
The outlook for mass transportation in New Jersey has gone from gloomy to sunny in a hurry, according to George D. Warrington, the executive director of New Jersey Transit.
The group, Develop Don't Destroy Brooklyn, and 15 co-plaintiffs sued the project's developer, Forest City Ratner Companies, and the state agency sponsoring the project, the Empire State Development Corporation, in January after the agency retained an environmental lawyer, David Paget, who had earlier advised the developer on the project.
Go to Article from The Seattle Times » Go to Article from TheStreet.com »
To the Editor: Re "Failed Amnesty Legislation of 1986 Haunts the Current Immigration Bills in Congress" (news article, May 23): It is easy for those born in the United States to dismiss the 1986 legislation as a failure.
With one-third of the pledges for Bill O’Reilly counted, the total stands at $215,003.
In less than four years in the major leagues, Prior has been on the disabled list five times.
Who wants to be sitting next to a rose that could pinch you with its thorns?"
At 10, ABC's "Brothers and Sisters" (12.1 million) held a slight edge in the 18-to-49 demographic over CBS's "Without a Trace," which averaged more total viewers in the hour (14.8 million).
"There is always library value," he said.
Yet the relative absence of a contemporary Shiite trend to messianic brinkmanship suggests that Ahmadinejad’s recent emphasis on the mahdi may be interpreted more in terms of an attempt to summon Khomeini’s legacy and Iran’s revolutionary moment than as a desperate willingness to bring the nation to the edge of war.
Chester Taylor of the Vikings had 169 rushing yards, highlighted by a 95-yard touchdown in the third quarter, to lead the Vikings to a 31-13 victory against the Seahawks.
Jon S. Corzine pointed out -- as if anyone needed reminding -- that the number of days were dwindling until he presented his budget on March 21.
Women may be from Venus and men from Mars, he wrote, but military fliers are from the planet 'Planet A.D.,' for Arrested Development.
Rabbi James Bennett officiated at the Westwood Country Club in St. Louis.
An Afghan-American returns to Kabul to learn how his childhood friend has fared under the Taliban.
But it’s to be expected that riesling will be a good deal.
“Climates” is the story of a man and a woman, one of whom murders the other’s love.
DOZENS of small towns in upstate New York slid into languorous decline in the 1970’s as if they were so many burnt-out rock stars.
In a Bloomberg survey, economists forecast that the numbers would show the unemployment rate holding steady at 4.8 percent.
St. Jude, based in St. Paul, has been fruitlessly lobbying to be added to the national Veterans Administration contract since it went into effect in 2004.
A graduate of Vanderbilt Medical School.
While it carried a fuel economy rating of 29 m.p.g.
"You know, Tom DeLay knew how to do it," he added, referring to the Texas Republican and former majority leader in the United States House, who was considered a master of high-pressure fund-raising tactics.
They looked very burned and you couldn't look no more," she said.
Horace Mann students were the beneficiary of his wisdom, kindness, intellect, and exacting academic and moral standards.
Local police departments and state National Guard units would have primary responsibility for keeping order, but the military would be available to assist.
They'd been picked around the time of my last visit in August and sealed in storage ever since.
"You just have to be serious for a few minutes when it's your turn, and then you can hang out," said Tim Wheeler, a Bergenfield High junior with a solid left hook shot.
No one's heart is younger, or ultimately more ravenous, than that of a Seminoles fan.
Mr. Hahn said “it helps a lot” to have two workers who have agreed to work during the day or night.
Mr. Besson's successes were many: a production in 1962 of "Peace," an antiwar play by Aristophanes, counted as his breakthrough to the top ranks of East German directors; only Walter Felsenstein at the Komische Oper surpassed him in international renown.
He reaches for a cigarette in one scene, discovers he's out, then just tosses the empty pack and sits there.
He said he wanted to see if there were any knives in it.
In two years, teams that are not up to the N.C.A.A.
Mr. Green and Mr. Maloney also said that they wanted to talk only about substance, and allies of theirs said that Mr. Cuomo slung mud as much as anyone.
Peacefully and orderly, the demonstrators massed in a parking lot in front of City Hall and occasionally marched into the street, accompanied by raucous drums, whistles and chanting.
Ms. Quinn is the first woman -- and the first openly gay member -- to become speaker since the position was created by the 1989 revisions to the City Charter.
Yet every gesture seemed driven by musical insight.
The Steelers ran the ball more often this season than any other team (Denver was second).
"I collect joke books just to get a whiff of the stink of desperation, which is a huge element of the whole mentality of trying to make someone laugh," Mr. Newgarden said.
"We feel we have a really good ear to the ground on what's happening," said Rebecca Hovey, the dean of the organization's study-abroad programs.
The portability of the device does not compromise performance: color scans at 600 dots per inch can be saved automatically as PDF files.
If the United States has a history of athletic competition against countries with dictatorships and is willing to play them this year in soccer, it cannot claim the moral high ground in the World Baseball Classic.
The official, Anand Sharma, said the Dutch ambassador, Eric Niehe, delivered the apology after being summoned by the Foreign Ministry.
The small stretch of sand, the walkway, the pavilions and, not least, the handy concession called Seaside Johnnies, with its dining room, generous deck and active bar, turn this park on the edge of residential Rye into a lively miniature seaside resort.
THE Interpublic Group of Companies is stepping up talks on plans to combine two of its four largest worldwide agencies.
The government elected by Palestinian voters is facing external pressure to change its policies, and the resulting aid cutoff from some donors has worsened the financial crisis.
(Christine wakes up one night fretfully wondering if she should have a Botox treatment, even though Ms. Louis-Dreyfus's brow is expertly unfurrowed.)
Libyan doctors have been flown to Europe for instruction in treating AIDS.
An article last Thursday about ice skaters' outfits misidentified the skater for whom the designer Marc Bouwer is creating costumes.
IN June, Jon and Janie Mangus sailed around the Greek islands for eight days with their two grown daughters, their daughters’ boyfriends and a revolving cast of 10 close friends.
My father's family was poor.
I had never even seen a newly dead person before.
“Many surgeons approach retirement by gradually tapering off their clinical practices and operative volumes,” the researchers wrote.
He works part time and earns $12 an hour.
Plus: Therapeutic dramas and perverse comedies, and nine people to watch.
PORT WASHINGTON -- "Artists Invite Artists."
Results tacked on schoolhouse doors show a polarized nation, with support either very much for the president or very much against him, depending on the area.
So the administration's negotiator "caved on that one early on," in the words of Robert J. Einhorn, a nonproliferation expert who served under President Clinton and in the early days of Mr. Bush's tenure.
This exhibition has been organized by Linda Wolk-Simon, associate curator in the museum's department of drawings and prints, in collaboration with Keith Christiansen, curator in its department of European paintings.
John C. Whitehead, Chairman John F. McGillicuddy, Pres Charles E. Rosser, CEO $(6$)WEINBERG--John L.The Board of Trustees and Staff of the New York Historical Society are greatly saddened by the passing of John.
Max Boot of the Los Angeles Times is the latest to weigh in, accusing Mearsheimer and Walt of paranoia, “faulty reasoning,” and “a terminal lack of seriousness.” In their article, Mearsheimer and Walt charge that the U.S. relationship with Israel is, wrongly, the “centerpiece of US Middle Eastern policy” and attribute Israel’s status in U.S. foreign policy to “domestic politics, and especially the activities of the ‘Israel Lobby.’” The authors say there are neither strategic nor moral reasons for the support the U.S. has given Israel.
It wasn't copied and pasted -- he really reads your letters and gives you his thoughts, and he is so tender and most adorable."
He rejected schemes to give immigrants second-class citizenship.
In lieu of flowers please make donations to New York Presbyterian Hospital.
It is a wide plot on the point where a cabana had stood by a small beach where the family went “quahogging,” or clamming, and Elinor loved the view of the water and of the herons in the marsh.
In a more recent example of possible political pressure at the agency, press officers and scientists cited an e-mail message sent last July from NASA's headquarters to its Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif.
Mr. Faso said, "We need to embrace things like managed care for long-term care, which can be done less expensively than institutionalizing people in nursing facilities."
But popular sentiment mattered less in the years before democratization made leaders beholden to the masses in so many countries, and before microelectronic information technology made the masses in even authoritarian nations more unruly.
To the Editor: Re "Seizing on a Step Forward" (news analysis, front page, June 14): I see President Bush's trip to Iraq as yet another sign of the desperation of this administration about this disastrous war.
He was a 1932 graduate of Berkshire School in Sheffield, MA where he was trustee emeritus.
As in the opening program, two weeks ago, the works Mr. Sachs offered were energetic and accessible.
This is reminiscent of the traditional gauchiste view of the Incorruptible: he was pure, he loved the common people, he embodied the Revolution.
The residents in the area regarded the ranch with deep suspicion.
What we're seeing here is a demand shock, but everybody is looking to OPEC as if it were a supply shock."
On rare occasions, however, helping the boss's spouse with work-related extracurricular activities may improve your relationship with your employer.
Engelhard, of Iselin, N.J., asked its shareholders to hold back for now, so its board could "meet to review and discuss" BASF's new offer.
She works in New York as the assistant communications director at Phoenix House, the drug-rehabilitation agency.
Capalbio is a beach town, but more than that, it has a kind of quiet and understated glamour and refinement, a wild beauty.
And it doesn’t leave much room for wider discussion of the links between the psychological and philosophical work that James and others were engaged in, or of the often erotically charged atmosphere of séances presided over mostly by women with few career options in that high-buttoned era.
In New York it is a major headache and a far larger process than when you can throw things in your backyard.
While Mayo avoided specifics as to how he became involved with the Tropics, Alvarez in part credited the pickup to his own friendship with the newly hired Kansas State coach, Bob Huggins, whom he has known since the late 1990's.
Athletic and energetic, he was the kind of young man who played football for the thrill of it, joining teams in high school in central New Jersey and in college in Connecticut.
If you already own a turntable, you can set up a less expensive transfer system — but you’ll need a preamp, cables, software, a computer and a good deal of technical knowledge.
So are some comments by Senator Arlen Specter, the committee chairman, who seems to be using his position to spin things Judge Alito's way.
But several of the six Seagram's executives didn't drink.
Mixing roses with clematis is one of her favorite ways of covering a structure.
In 1941, she joined General Motors Corporation in New York City.
Kevin A. Cuming, 22 North White Plains Kevin A. Cuming wore two hats.
Yet enthusiasts kept the faith, buying 99,311 Impala SS coupes and convertibles in '62.
And districts across the country are for the first time dangling naming privileges as an incentive to contribute or rewriting their policies to specify what can be made available for what level of donation.
The industry calls it “interference,” and it means time-killing activities like elderly passengers perching on armrests to stuff a bag into the overhead bin.
There is Tennessee Jack, who, as the story goes, once slept with a dead groundhog stuffed in the backpack he uses as a pillow.
(Photo by Adrian Bradshaw/European Pressphoto Agency)
During the Revolution, it was a strategic site, ultimately burned by the British.
We extend our sincerest condolences to the family.
Go to Article from Reuters » Meanwhile, Carlyle’s venture capital arm is near a deal for Vision Research , a Wayne, N.J.-based maker of high-speed digital cameras, LBO Wire reported.
"His eyes were closed and his mouth was closed," said one resident, Lisette Diaz, 25, as she described watching the man fall to the ground, before officers surrounded his motionless body and handcuffed him.
Though Mr. Blier and Mr. Barrett have championed a great deal of overlooked repertory in 18 years of directing the New York Festival of Song, they have had a tendency to choose novelty and nostalgia over substance and challenge.
He did not live to see retirement, but Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, now the only retired justice, also declined to leave the building.
Does the Mac’s uptick in market share threaten the dominance of Windows?
And, per the book's title, he really does send the author a bill for his paternal services in the amount of $2 million.
Google, he said, was at the top of the pile.
The foundation also underwrote a 2002 trip to Britain for Representative Bob Ney, an Ohio Republican who is under investigation by the Justice Department for gifts he received from Mr. Abramoff.
"If someone is going to give you $35,000 to take your pension, that's good," Mr. Betts said.
published a handbook advising coaches to look for possible signs of disordered eating, including stress fractures, cold intolerance and excessive use of the restroom.
For more than 50 years, Mr. Jarkow was an industry leader in both sales and charitable endeavors.
This is all the more remarkable in view of his out-of-scale personality, so at odds with the present period, in which eminence seems to be tolerable only in the garb of the commonplace.
If the drug benefit becomes a big issue in fall campaigns, more Republicans may embrace the idea as a way to deflect Democratic attacks without changing the structure of the new program.
NBC, which also broadcast a repeat of "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit" (7.2 million), placed second among adults 18 to 49 and third among total viewers.
I learned lessons from his legend -- about what a man is supposed to be."
I would hardly label these children stealth students; rather they are often survivors of unsavory home circumstances.
In Jordan Harrison's "Act a Lady," the mysteries of gender and the transforming power of art upend a small Midwestern town in 1927.
"I'm on the bench now 28 years and I can't think of anybody who went any quicker," he said.
So many photography books are published these days, but here’s one that makes sense of all the others.
The Fed, he said, had a novel technology "called a printing press."
They would include various intangibles, like advertising when it is used to establish a brand name that permanently lifts sales, and a retail chain's outlays to adapt existing technology to the chain's needs, as Wal-Mart did in designing a superefficient inventory control system.
Hamilton shirts are cut and sewn by hand according to each customer's personal paper pattern.
About half of the iPods have broken L.C.D.
BASKETBALL National Basketball Association TORONTO RAPTORS--Signed G Andre Barrett to a second 10-day contract.
Gazprom's shareholders re-elected the 11-member board without changes, thwarting the ambitions of hedge funds representing foreign investors to win seats on the board of Gazprom, the world's largest publicly traded emerging market company.
"It was a day after Iran announced its nuclear program."
"The energy drink or sports drink is now the premium statement connected with exercise," Mr. Morris said.
Browsing the Yellow Pages turns up company names like Grace Carting in Brooklyn and Dumpsters by Danna (pronounced DAN-ah) in the Bronx, which has the boutique-like association of scented candles.
Lawrence E. Thacker, a lawyer representing Dr. Pollack, did not return calls seeking comment.
Caption information is provided below.
The report, by Richard J. Condon, the special commissioner of investigation for the city school system, focused on the practices of tutoring companies in the 2003-4 and 2004-5 school years.
According to a 2001 study of grants issued by the National Endowment for the Arts, male choreographers receive far more financing and opportunities to present their work than their female counterparts.
screens on digital cameras, which began to emerge in mass-market cameras in the mid-1990's, were primarily designed for consumers to review and share their pictures.
O'Lala has prototypes of confections using nanoscale ingredients.
"All I'm saying is, let's start thinking about these kinds of things in case we need them one day."
DETAILS -- This 5,000-acre gated residential community is in northwest South Carolina near the Blue Ridge Mountains.
And if the speed and gloss of Ms. Meloy's first novel suggested that she might be better suited to short stories, this new book has the deep ramifications of more ambitious fiction.
But a judge can't think that way.
So maybe there's an evil black dog atop the Hanging Hills and maybe it's just fodder for scary campfire tales.
Nigeria's president, Olusegun Obasanjo, committed $10 million to a fund to finance wider use of fertilizers.
Hewson's Nic Costa novels, set mainly in Rome and featuring a personable young homicide detective, are built with pleasing symmetry: some artwork or monument becomes the inspiration for atrocious killings that must be deciphered for hidden patterns of meaning.
Interment will follow in Lauderdale Memorial Park Cemetery, Ft. Lauderdale, FL.
Located on Lake Lucerne, near the main train station, the complex feels like a ballet on water.
After a third person was reported late Wednesday with the West Nile virus in a neighborhood on the border of West Haven and New Haven, a state official said on Thursday that the area would be sprayed with pesticide this week.
Sunscreens should be used by everyone over the age of 6 months.
"I think her cutesiness will come in handy.
"If you're white you're right; if you're black you're wrong," says Andy Whitman (Kobna Holbrook-Smith), a combustible 19-year-old from Harlem who is discovered shining shoes on the streets.
THE Basques who have herded sheep in the western United States for generations used to gather in San Francisco boarding houses to eat cheap, copious portions of robust mutton stew, which I lapped up more than once in my youthful days of frequent financial embarrassment.
She and her colleagues were under orders to tell a still bewildered American public what was happening in the nearby Afghan city of Kandahar, the mysterious Taliban stronghold where the Sept. 11 attacks had been conceived.
Mr. Kapell said that during World War II, about 3,000 people worked on the Greenport waterfront building Navy ships.
Dr. Swain will become executive director of a new organization, the Institute for Clinical Sciences.
So in the beginning we were happy to excess."
But Mr. Berlusconi's old arguments still resonate with many voters: that the coalition of six parties that Mr. Prodi heads is unstable and cynical; that past center-left governments spent a lot and did little; that the left is beholden to the Communists, who are part of their coalition.
"I'm going to take the time to get it healthy."
All of the properties will have private plunge pools, terraces and outdoor showers, and there will also be three communal pools.
Hedrick offered the thinly sliced notion that they were competitive rivals, not personal combatants.
You’ll be pleased to know there are no wells.
The bread was fresh and delicious, worthy of the best Paris boulangerie; the toppings were indulgent: not only butter and jam, but also pots of liquid chocolate in several shades of brown and white.
In the Bosnian capital, Sarajevo, meanwhile, Mr. Milosevic's ally, Radovan Karadzic, engineered unrest.
Ramirez would not answer questions about his wish to be traded, promising only to look forward.
Since the end of World War II the Tracing Service, operating as an arm of the International Committee of the Red Cross, has used the files to help people trace the fates of relatives who disappeared into the murderous vortex of Nazi terror.
From 1978 to 1980, Mr. Dryfoos was a lawyer for the State Assembly and advised its Housing Committee.
A reporter examines a class of conservatives with an ecological, countercultural bent.
"I will continue to hope that Senator Smith will find a way to comport herself in a manner that befits the dignity of her office," Mr. Paterson said on Monday.
By contrast, the intimacy of love is captured in Marina Berio's subtle and evocative photographs of couples viewed through frosted windows.
The next morning, I paddled a short distance to an area near where the Magalloway River pours into the Androscoggin, which eventually finds its way to the Atlantic.
I think there's going to be a lot of questions for him to answer.
You can't do that anymore.
Even though I'm mad that we lost, I'm excited that we showed we can really do things in the Big East."
The newest entrant into the field is Villazzo, with 11 luxury homes in 4 vacation destinations, including Miami Beach; Marbella, Spain; and St. Tropez, France.
Mr. Préval, a 63-year-old agronomist, was president from 1996 to 2001 and is a protégé of Mr. Aristide, who was ousted two years ago by a violent uprising.
By some estimates, the office has already spent thousands of hours and millions of dollars in two trials to reach a guilty verdict against Mr. Quattrone, the son of a Philadelphia garment worker who rose to become the most powerful banker in Silicon Valley during the height of the dot-com boom.
"We have seen an agenda, ultimately, that is about integrity and honesty and community service," Ernest E. Allen, president of the center, said.
Officials with the federal Environmental Protection Agency examined floor plans and photographs yesterday as they prepared to clean up the Greenwich Village apartment of Vado Diomande, the drummer and musician who contracted inhalation anthrax this month.
Here is how it works: Senior lawmakers bring forth a bill with a price tag that many lawmakers would find objectionable.
“Everyone knows we can pick up things better with screening,” said Dr. Elliott Fishman, a professor of radiology and oncology at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore.
Mr. McCain was back in the Oval Office again on Tuesday to talk about ways to win approval of the line-item veto.
Your Best Friends, Sheri and Shanie
Indeed, they had initially thought of building an exact copy of the 1950 Modernist house in Houston that Philip Johnson designed for de Menil’s parents, the art collectors John and Dominique de Menil.
Or: “She told me that if I was half a man, I’d leave, but on discovering that she was, she left herself.” Mr. Lane being Mr. Lane, one of the best comic marksmen in the theater, he repeatedly hits the bull’s-eye that automatically sets off an audience’s laughter.
“I didn’t love this room when we first moved in” in 2003, Mr. Garfinkel, 47, a psychologist, said of the garden room.
Combining rent subsidies, eviction-prevention grants and programs like Pathways, county officials and advocates say, they have cut the homeless rolls by two-thirds since Andrew J. Spano took office as county executive eight years ago.
At 8, Nokia Theater, 1515 Broadway, at 44th Street, (212) 307-7171; $40.
MULE SUTTLES was such a powerful hitter in the Negro leagues that many of his contemporaries in the 1920's and 30's said he hit the longest home runs they had ever seen and hit the ball harder than even the legendary black slugger Josh Gibson.
Arthur Kovar, a former salesman, helped organize the trip through a local chapter of B'nai B'rith.
In 1815, F. A. Belcke, after two solos with the Gewandhaus orchestra, had a 30-year career as a trombone soloist.
"The kids thought it was exciting and an adventure," Mrs. Obuch said.
Judge Vanessa D. Gilmore set sentencing for May 1.
Three other child welfare workers in the Brooklyn office that handled Nixzmary's case were not suspended but were reassigned to a new supervisor.
TARRYTOWN "A Night of Oldies," Jimmy Beaumont and the Skyliners, Jay Siegel and the Tokens and others.
Lt. Jesse A. McFadden and his wife Amanda and a grandson Samuel Mason McFadden, all of Jacksonville, FL.
That exposure comes at a price, however, and almost nowhere higher than in New York, which makes some arts organizations proceed with caution.
And the Apartment looks like an empty white box, until you descend into the dark cellar crammed with fashion labels like Bernhard Willhelm and Caviar Gauche (Memhardstrasse 8; 49-30-2804-2253; www.apartmentberlin.de ).
(Local people say that drinking lots of water helps altitude-related headaches.)
(A modern Spiegeltent is on display at the SummerScape Festival at Bard College.)
ANDREW ADAM NEWMAN ARTIST -- Aaron Young WORK -- "IPO (30 offerings)" at the Whitney Biennial.
Funeral will be held Friday, April 28, at 3 PM, at Temple Beth Am, 5950 N. Kendall Drive.
But Dr. Maisel, who is a consultant to the F.D.A., said the data raised questions about the reliability of external defibrillators and how quickly users are learning about recalls.
Dental health was poor at Mehrgarh, though the problems were less often tooth decay than brutal wear and tear.
The owner is supposed to attach a repair receipt.
"We surveyed the workers, and they said their priorities were higher wages and health insurance, and we knew we couldn't get those in many stores simultaneously without helping the workers to unionize."
It is not clear how Mr. Abramoff might have gotten Mr. Garza included in the president's meeting.
A couple of years ago, he promised a tour of his Corona to another Queens kid, from a few miles away in Jamaica.
With the anniversaries of past setbacks, Dr. Griffin said, "It's a tough job, and the losses that we have sustained so far reflect the difficulty of the challenge and our limitations as human beings as we try to invent a new technology."
" Tim White, the music teacher at Alice E. Grady, said that Mr. Williams developed an innovative disciplinary program for the school.
It is Lagavulin, not Lagavullan.
They compete against self-assured, big-city Northern boys who have been arguing since the playground.
"Daffodils, $1.49; I'm saving a buck," said Dr. Jacqueline Stevens, a physician who lives on the Upper East Side.
Their neighbor, Dr. Franck, went there to work with a stained glass designer, JoAnn Mannino, when he was making his stained-glass windows.
If you are conversant with the New York art world, you will recognize the artist Rirkrit Tiravanija and Gavin Brown, Ms. Peyton’s dealer.
Yet when we invited this commission's investigators to actually visit the camp and see for themselves, they refused to come.
STAR DUST, by Frank Bidart.
A ping is not just the word for a sound anymore.
My advice: If some day you airily dismiss the symptoms of a patient who turns out to have a serious ailment, as later revealed by an autopsy, do not represent yourself at your trial; hire a trained and licensed attorney.
I just want you to snap out of it.")
The market sells everything from fresh vegetables to traditional delicacies.
The occasional Bentley rolls through the pedestrian throng near Primorskiy Park.
Mr. Albert said he knew of no cases of riders being burned, but the hazard may be serious because the current graffiti vandals tend to make their marks on trains that are in service.
Songs from the Sprint Music Store are $2.50 each.
"That's old news now," he said.
"This was a profound and enduring loss of life to two helpless little children who depended on you."
May the family be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
Just as China is Vietnam's historic rival, America's imperial misadventure in Iraq has made it Iraq's.
There’s something about the mangosteen, amplified by its longtime unavailability, that has driven its devotees to obsession and hyperbole.
The restructuring of American medicine will require reform of the expectations of the American public.
Mr. Piñera, describing himself as a new and more compassionate breed of conservative, had pinned his hopes for victory in the runoff on persuading Christian Democrats to abandon the governing coalition, but failed despite his emphasis on moral and religious values.
Soon Landis was entering races, some of which took place on Sunday, a day when vigorous exercise was expressly forbidden.
For better or worse, the song seems to have an impact.
But the first 36 games of Rollins's streak occurred last season.
Despite the informal name, the food is serious.
The technology is in its early stages, and it faces some hurdles to widespread use.
He assured them that some would say the lady's skin was olive-toned; others, pale.
Dear sister of Betty Nichols and David Rubin.
"We're going to have members of state legislatures say, 'But even the F.D.A.
Mr. Clark has moved to South Florida, where he has started a real estate development company with Tom Jermoluk, another Shutterfly investor and the former chief executive of the failed broadband company Excite@Home.
“That creates participation in clinics, schools — people go because they like to be a part of loveLife.” As Sprite did, loveLife uses kids to recruit their peers.
Since January at the insurer, Lipitor's market share has fallen to 34 percent, down from 55 percent.
The mayor announced the plans as part of his response to the recommendations of his Commission on Economic Opportunity, which he convened this year to examine ways to help the roughly 1.5 million New Yorkers who live below the federal poverty level.
"But I hope it's not going to be called the Citigroup Field."
The release of the minutes extended a rally that started after a government report showed prices paid to producers, excluding food and energy, rose less than forecast in March.
And I don't think without that that we could have done what we did as a group in this city under these circumstances under the challenges that faced that team.
Hudson County, N.J., was next at 47 percent.
He cooked at Cena before it closed.
The Senate has even proposed dropping the sales tax on private planes.
Part of the problem in attracting the best talent to AOL is rather obvious -- post-2001, would a top young engineer rather work for a company based in Dulles, Va., or in Silicon Valley or the majestic Pacific Northwest?
Dana Goldman, director and corporate chairman of health economics at the Rand Corporation, looked at the obesity question from another perspective: disability.
He knows, without a doubt, that he would be in Byram now, not chatting outside the Mets' complex, if he did not possess his bewildering delivery.
Wednesday night's rocket barrage was apparently in retaliation for the killing Monday night of three Islamic Jihad commanders who the Israelis said were involved in launching rockets.
In essence, the high federal subsidies for Medicare Advantage policies are the government's reward to insurers for taking people out of traditional, federally supervised Medicare and into the commercial world of managed care.
Anna Ottosson of Sweden took the bronze.
Logitech said that by mid-October the Harmony 1000 should be in Best Buy and Circuit City stores at a suggested price of $500.
The Arctic Monkeys specialize in tidy but anthemic little postpunk songs, propelled by bursts of guitar chords and constant zigzags.
What happens to all of us, as a society, if 100 becomes the new 80?
Some play basketball and drink beer on the roof of the hospital, as explosions are seen and heard in the background.
A finalist for the Man Booker Prize last year, Ishiguro's bold novel imagines a school in the English countryside where clones are trained for a terrible destiny as organ donors.
And Dr. Nestle is far from alone in proclaiming, say, that the federal corn subsidies that produce vast supplies of cheap, sweet corn syrup have changed, for the worse, the diets of too many Americans.
Local tax-protest groups known as Tax Pacs were organized in many districts, and by 1993 they had won control of nine school boards in Suffolk County.
CREDIT CARDS All major cards.
"No one really wants to take the time anymore to pick up the phone and keep in touch," lamented Mrs. Johnson, who said that so much of the communications with her children's school was done through e-mail correspondence.
Idealab began selling some of its stock, and by 2004, when Yahoo bought Overture for $1.6 billion, it had generated some $300 million for Idealab.
"Having a day like this is the right thing to do, because we want our customers to understand that we're a good neighbor."
in 2010 under its “intermediate” scenario to 12.6 percent by 2050 (page 4).
People call me to say how nice we look at the bus stops and how orderly we are."
Hans Slob, an analyst at Rabo Securities in Amsterdam, said the most likely result would be a breakup of VNU, regardless of whether the current offer was accepted.
"What the hell do I need this library for?"
Brave officer in World War II.
He graduated from Quinnipiac College in Hamden, Conn. His mother is a special-education teacher at West Hempstead Middle School on Long Island.
A few days later, Mr. Stein sent an exultant note saying that he had pushed through the first of the police academy contracts, for preparing the ground.
That was enough for the Buildings Department, which put the brakes on the demolition because the co-op had not given permission for Mr. Kully, 31, to take down the six inches of wall on its property.
CLASSICAL MUSIC REVIEW Correction: March 30, 2006, Thursday A schedule note on Tuesday with a review of the Kronos Quartet and Azerbaijani musicians at Zankel Hall misidentified the instrument played by Wu Man, who is to perform at Zankel on April 6 in the next part of the quartet's "Live Mix" series.
Mr. Anger, the occultist filmmaker and dishy "Hollywood Babylon" author, gets a virtual mini-retrospective with a screening of his hallucinatory Mickey Mouse short.
There's a difference between songs and butter but it has nothing to do with the mythical power of songs, or with some sentimental old idea that music can change the world.
More Great Waves, This Time of Grief News reports rarely include the voices of children.
For example, a special tuna-packed Lovers Roll once arrived bland and another time so incendiary that the wasabi obscured the tuna's flavor.
Some teachers are concerned about how much they might have to pay.
Robert Bernstein, a lawyer from the Edgemont section of town, said he could not help thinking of it when Shell's polling firm called to ask him about hydrogen some two months ago.
Conditions at the plant -- AgriProcessors Inc. of Postville, Iowa -- created a controversy in late 2004, when PETA released a videotape taken clandestinely inside.
The ruling's effect will be short-lived for concerned consumers, but it comes with a symbiotic silver lining for the two antagonists.
All three companies cited large declines in new orders and increases in cancellation rates in the second quarter on top of rising interest rates and larger inventories.
Looking down Lexington Avenue from the corner of 104th Street, past the drab low-rises of East Harlem, you can just glimpse Midtown's gleaming towers.
THE WAY WE LIVE NOW: 4-23-06 Jim Holt is a frequent contributor to the magazine.
Cook County’s chief financial officer, Thomas J. Glaser, said that the county never authorized this diversion — the pension trustees did it unilaterally, he contended.
They skip boring technical categories like special effects or makeup.
After fiddling around with small plots of land, Luna was offered a bigger challenge by the Los Angeles socialite Jamie Tisch, who invited him to tame her nine acres of overgrown Beverly Hills foliage.
(March 28) underscored the perverse dilemma posed by bird flu, in which good news and bad news are now one and the same.
“I also think that if the author and we editors knew of the contents of that third ruling, we would have qualified what we said about Ms. Climaco.
We've had them from museums in Cologne, Düsseldorf, Hamburg, Dresden, Stuttgart.
The Yankees, opening in Oakland, clobbered the Athletics, 15-2.
Since then, once-feuding politicians, student groups and, most recently, Maoist guerrillas have linked arms to restore democratic rule.
About 350 of New York’s political, financial and cultural elite were expected to attend, including James Dimon of J. P. Morgan Chase ; Philip J. Purcell, the former chief of Morgan Stanley ; the Rev.
A Northwest spokesman said yesterday that the company had provided some of the documents sought, but was fighting to keep others confidential, and was scheduled to appear in court later this month to argue for a protective order.
"Dancing With the Stars" presents an almost topsy-turvy version of network competition because its appeal is heavily concentrated in viewers 35 and older, which is much more often the profile of CBS hits, like "NCIS."
"They share these ideals with people in many countries," he continues.
But I wonder: do we need another chain that sells a simple brown or gray sofa?
Why hasn’t all of this been worked out?
Repairs are $100 an hour, and prices for original paintings vary; (770) 394-7150.
There are opportunities to see faithful productions of Shakespeare on television; deviations can be just as much a pleasure.
"I couldn't wait to move in," she said, "so we could finally use it!"
Meanwhile, two of his adult sons sat sipping coffee at the kitchen counter, giggling at their father.
STATUS Expected to be completed in spring 2008.
He told me, "Once I'm with a woman and it's good, I own her forever."
Busta Rhymes emerged as a Giant: a New York Giant, shoulder-padded and helmeted.
We are grateful for his many years of dedicated service.
But this kind of air doesn't feel good.
Mr. Paisley and his Democratic Unionist Party have always refused to sit in government with Sinn Fein.
Both times, Beilein said, before the miners had been found, his team members prayed that everyone would have enough oxygen and could find a means of escape.
's collective bargaining agreement specifies that a player can be disqualified only for a fourth positive test for performance-enhancing drugs, or a first positive test for "drugs of abuse," which include amphetamines, cocaine, LSD, heroin, codeine and morphine.
"We've been pushing sanctions for years, and the effort was always to make it clear to the government in Khartoum that there would be individual consequences," Mr. Bolton said in a telephone interview.
"The company did not reach agreement on either of these alternatives and they are no longer being considered," the company said.
Rabbi Carole Balin officiated, and Rabbi Evan Goodman, a cousin of the bridegroom, participated at the Harold Pratt House in New York.
But Louis P. Bergma, then the Santa Clara district attorney, did not file a criminal complaint, and the California Legislature soon resolved the conflict by adopting cessation of brain activity as a definition of death.
But Granovetter, who edits Bridge Today, an online magazine, with his wife, Pamela, encouraged her to compete.
Mr. Sawi's cassoulet, the plat du jour on Thursdays, gives no ground to anybody's.
She's not from the island, I know, because unlike Taquileños, who bound past with racks of glass bottles heaped on their shoulders, she is tired.
In fact, this piece represents many things Weil wanted to get away from; even if it is conceived in a spirit of breaking down barriers and challenging the status quo, a work presented in this form will reach only the elite it ostensibly sets out to reach past.
This summer, a Tuesday night concert series held on the town green, with polka, big band and 1950’s rock, has kept people downtown after sunset.
For a good discussion of the measurement issues, see Brad Setser’s blog .
A passer-by could be forgiven for thinking she had stumbled into an asylum, and not a temporary laboratory for the choreographic research of Deborah Hay.
The dismissal of Ms. McCarthy provided fresh evidence of the Bush administration's determined efforts to stanch leaks of classified information.
He said he did not buy the Smiths' point that certain markets were not overpriced.
— an entertaining exercise in posing present-day problems as questions, and then attempting to answer them.
The opposition to these provisions by legal scholars, military lawyers and a host of former top commanders of the armed forces has been overwhelming.
Their two sons are grown, and Mr. Patinkin and Ms. Grody will be going from an apartment with about 2,400 square feet to one with about 1,750 square feet.
Dr. Steven Markowitz, a professor for environmental sciences and director of the Center for the Biology of Natural Systems at Queens College, said that most lung cancer was detected only after patients started to experience an intense shortness of breath or coughed up blood.
And it might have sounded even better than it did on Lil Wayne's recent album, "Tha Carter II," which was one of last year's best CD's.
Macintosh sales, executives said, are expected to be soft as customers put off purchases until later this year when Apple completes its transition to machines powered by Intel microprocessors and software written for the Intel-based Macintosh computers is ready.
A judge postponed the arraignment until next week.
Alexander Karloutsos, a Greek Orthodox priest, will perform the ceremony with the Rev.
Since 2004, the state had arranged regular counseling for Haleigh and was making monthly inspection visits to the home.
LONDON, March 15 - The last few years have been rough for the British Broadcasting Corporation.
The embroidered cotton tunics for women (200 ron) could belong in a 2007 spring collection, and urban bachelors will dig the traditional wool-lined vests (680 ron).
Universal, $29.98, R. THE CHRONICLES OF NARNIA: THE LION, THE WITCH AND THE WARDROBE -- The first installment in the Disney company's planned filming of the complete C. S. Lewis fantasy cycle.
He is doing United States and international distance runners a great disservice by perpetuating the myth that Kenyan athletes are cheating.
"God, that's courageous," wisecracked Bill Plante of CBS, as Mr. McClellan chuckled and reddened.
"Helter-skelter I galloped through the text," he writes, with some pride.
CARL DWORMAN had converted two 19th-century fabric mills in Rhode Island to studio apartments before he set his sights on a vacant building in Bay Shore in Suffolk County, opposite Touro College's School of Health Sciences.
Recently my request to speak to a supervisor was granted -- or so I thought until I got a dial tone in my ear!
The wall destroys the space for those who once occupied the middle ground: those who refuse to divide the world into good and bad, civilization and barbarity.
Meanwhile, a large example of the pop-up tent frames designed by Hoberman Associates hovers overhead, implying shelter for soldiers, refugees, campers or tree-huggers.
Some might question whether there is any need for another substantial biography, and Randall B.
The drama, such as it is, stems not from any conventional plot, but in the accruing of small, telling details that sustain a feeling of lives in suspension.
The move represents a renewed level of cooperation between the two Muslim groups, which share common roots in the American experience but had a rift in 1975.
Do I look like a boy?’ Now I think being intersex is pretty weird but kind of sweet.
"Most Americans," Guiliano contends, "eat at least 10 to 30 percent more than needed, not to survive but to satisfy psychological hunger."
We will miss you very much.
His father, a radiologist, is a partner in Advanced Radiology in Baltimore.
When you look at Mr. Chang's razor clams with kielbasa, you see a dish that, with a couple of exceptions, like the addition of soy and ginger, could have originated in Portugal.
Your lucky recipient can accept or decline your offering — and, if you have really terrible taste, can block your Zune permanently.
ST. MORITZ, the 150-year-old synonym for excess with a side of skiing, boasts that it gets 322 days of sun a year.
The first is a memo he wrote in 1984 as assistant to the solicitor general, analyzing a case where police saw a burglary suspect running across a backyard.
As the husband and son in the middle of the tussle, Rodriguez, the Yankees' third baseman, ducked for cover.
During his budget briefing, Mr. Bloomberg faced more than one question about why he was not introducing any sort of new tax cut or "giving back" to taxpayers who received a huge jump in property taxes during his first term.
The latest episode, which imagines the Starship Enterprise as a typical office environment, may elicit no more than a chuckle or two, but that alone puts it way ahead of, say, "The War at Home."
Could Mr. Mendes have imagined in 2002 that he would one day treat these column stubs like revered artifacts?
They were also not aware that Tredwell Avenue, the street leading to Smithtown High School East, was the location of a farm owned by a slaveholder, Mary Platt Tredwell.
Mr. Dohnanyi seemed intent on painting the work not as a flat study in anxiety but as a portrait of a gathering crisis.
He’s taking the one, fresh, smart thing he has and gutting it.” Mr. Lovelady said the size of his staff could not be compared with those of many other magazine Web sites, because CJRDaily produces its own original content, while many other such magazine sites simply put print content online.
The shell game that political professionals play with the campaign laws has taken an encouraging hit in the House.
January 31, 1912--March 20, 2006.
An article on Saturday about the continuing investigation of the celebrity private investigator Anthony Pellicano referred incorrectly to a plea by Mark Arneson, a former Los Angeles police officer whom Mr. Pellicano is accused of having bribed to check confidential law enforcement databases.
But few if any outside experts knew the data well enough to raise questions.
Hastily wrapping gifts for the opening-night festivities of the play she is in, the self-involved actress Anne says to herself as much as to her adoring friend Henry: "Yes.
It is indeed the only sandy beach of its type in the area.
Among the six actors-turned-rockers, only one, Anahí Puente, is a full-fledged singer, and another, Dulce María Espinoza, is competent.
Gomez, a crafty stick-handler, said he spent the first part of the season trying to make passes from the perimeter.
“We see this as the future,” Mr. DiBenedetto said.
Among the first 20 guides coming out this fall: London, Rome and Tokyo.
To hear music publishers tell it, though, the tablature sites are getting away with mass theft.
By running into prime time, the Masters golf tournament helped CBS, but because it was live, its Nielsen estimates were preliminary.
Two widely used nutritional supplements for arthritis pain do not effectively soothe patients' aching arthritic knees, a large federal study has found.
CHERYL MENDELSON New York, July 21, 2006
One 26-year-old Saudi, Muhammed al-Utaybi, said he was studying art when he decided to travel to Pakistan to train with the militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba.
"You get ahead by massaging the system as it is, not attempting so-called radical reform by dumping academic dolts."
Coastal's president, James Wilson, said that the company now used a helicopter simulator to train pilots for changing weather conditions.
Soon it would be time for the fair gay portrayal movie of the year.
"Yellowstone is a very good target," he added.
A trencherman of the first order, and (like me) a sloppy eater, Mr. McIlhenny spilled one delicious morsel after another down his front.
The world is dappled with electric and storied cities -- and real estate is staggeringly affordable in many of them.
"I see greatness for the place," he says, and there are glimmers of that now.
Senator Clinton also planned to speak with, or had already spoken with, Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver and other members of the Congressional delegation.
To the Editor: In Michelle Higgins's ''Air Travel: What to Do When Bumped From a Flight'' (Practical Traveler, Sept. 10), it was mentioned that some airlines have computerized systems to reassign travelers to other flights -- systems that are faster and fairer than having airline employees manually reassign passengers.
And about 1.7 percent had worked while feeling the effects of alcohol.
But when they chug Coke, they absorb as many calories -- and it doesn't spoil their appetites.
NEW YORK Percentage change over prior year in Westchester, Nassau and Suffolk.
A third auction of the remaining photos will be May 10.
A greater honor, perhaps, would be being compared to great players of French extraction.
Before ordering a custom machine, compare prices at Dell, Hewlett-Packard, Gateway and other major PC makers to see if they can deliver an equivalent system for less.
“The league provides tested supplements that are assured they are not tainted,” Birch said.
Dwana Adiaha Smallwood, Mr. Rushing and Renee Robinson (who celebrates her 25th anniversary as an Ailey dancer this season) had fun with “Wade in the Water,” as did Jamar Roberts, Clifton Brown and Kirven J. Boyd in “Sinner Man.” And Amos J. Machanic Jr. was particularly compelling in his yearning “I Wanna Be Ready” solo.
In New York City, single men have an unfair advantage over women, particularly women in their 30's.
The rookie point guard Chris Paul made four free throws in the final 24 seconds to ensure the victory, finishing with 21 points.
A company from Cleveland, Forest City Enterprises, proposes a new "town center" with several office buildings, lots of big-box stores, entertainment venues, restaurants, three marinas and 1,700 units of apartment-style housing.
In early June, Melinda A. Williams, 54, who had retired as a teacher’s aide, came home to find a notice under her door, telling her that she had 90 days to leave Mulford Gardens, where she has lived since 1965 and raised two children on her own.
Over the years, Hewitt's Web site has offered testimonials from Verizon officials about its services.
This appears to be working, with economists generally satisfied that the growth in China's money supply is in line with the expansion of its economy.
His voice strained to cut through a din of fuzzed-out guitars and bleating horns.
Ms. Sohoni, 27, is keeping her name.
"Most people view Massachusetts as being one of those states that has always been very concerned about the rights of criminal defendants," Professor Raeder said.
They should be honest about their motivation."
Paul Schäfer, the German-born, 84-year-old leader of Colonia Dignidad, an apocalyptic religious sect established in southern Chile more than 40 years ago, was sentenced to 20 years in prison for sexually abusing 25 children who lived at the group's compound.
and would know what music belonged to her.” She sounds, here and elsewhere, like a proto-feminist Philip Larkin: “Sexual intercourse began / In nineteen sixty-three / (Which was rather late for me).” It’s not true, of course (Larkin was kidding, sort of).
Still, it proved too hard to keep their children with them.
And when South did exactly that, West was not tempted to go higher with his doubleton diamond.
The construction industry, on the other hand, added only 7,000 jobs in March, well below its usual pace.
He walked behind the mound and waved his hand at Jose Elosegui, the pitching coach.
From 2002 to 2003 he was a White House fellow in Washington, working as a health-care-policy assistant to the Treasury secretary.
The show, by 36 dancers from 13 companies, was followed by a reception that raised $40,000.
I want a bridge between cultures, not the rampart of colonizers against the colonized, as envisioned by Herzl.
"It was the most intense and unanimous vote that I've ever heard," said Reed Smith, the ministries coordinator.
"If private schools are going to get funding, they need to be held accountable for the results."
I asked her whether she felt it helped anyone.
The cross-examination of Mr. Lay will continue on Monday.
Ten years later, Mr. Pozycki says the time is right to build another speculative office tower, this time on Eighth Avenue.
The Manhattan district attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau, said that Ms. Sinha was also charged with bribing one student not to testify before a grand jury.
"I admire guys who are taking better care of themselves," she said.
$600,000 to $899,999 Pleasantville $625,000 15 Grandview Avenue Number of bedrooms: 3 Number of full bathrooms: 1 Number of half bathrooms: 0 Weeks on market: 6 weeks 78-year-old colonial; new roof and windows, large side porch, living-room fireplace, walk-up attic, 0.20-acre lot; taxes $9,814; listed at $625,000.
History lessons sink in by accident while climbing towers, playing hide-and-seek in lush gardens or sailing along a river that once teemed with Spanish galleons.
Apple fans are now trying to figure out what the Apple phone will really be called.
But the rule has survived many of those.
They require no monthly repayments.
The two collaborated on the musical "Mary Poppins," now playing in London.
He also marveled at the great historical structures of Grant's Tomb and the Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument in their Riverside Park settings, both of them enjoying, as he put it, "the great perspective of the River."
“Cultural facilities make a huge contribution in ancillary ways in terms of serving neighborhood businesses and being beacons of safety and pride in communities.” She added, “The value of these institutions goes way beyond the dollars.” Clearly the arts world operates on a different economic model than the commercial sector does.
The writer is a telework lawyer.
In particular, the recent electoral upset by Hamas, the militant Palestinian group, and the sickness of Ariel Sharon, the Israeli prime minister, had made "this community very defensive and very edgy," Mr. Nicola said, "and that seemed reasonable to me."
There certainly isn't much humor in "The Unit" or even human error in the field.
But on Wednesday, Lebanon’s dead became symbols of closure as towns and villages throughout the south began burying their loved ones.
First shown in 1990 on Mr. Turner's TBS network and in syndication, the series, which tried to make children environmental crusaders -- its slogan is "The Power Is Yours!"
Meets in Brooklyn, behind Borough Hall, on Joralemon Street, between Court Street and Boerum Place.
"It's hard to be stressed when you're walking."
Learn about the growth in radio cooking shows by reading and discussing the article “The Sizzle and Pop of Radio Cooking.” 3.
Old maps of the American Northwest including one showing an inland ocean.
Guides organized Lewis and Clark trivia games on the bus, with winners receiving Lewis and Clark trading cards, cookbooks and hats.
In 1977, John Fante, under siege from diabetes, endured a series of amputations that removed his toes, then his feet, and later, in stages, his entire legs.
Monday's opening-night gala for American Ballet Theater's season at the Metropolitan Opera House fulfilled most of its innocent gala expectations.
The United States Conference of Catholic Bishops approved guidelines last month for the selection and education of seminarians that would carry out the Vatican's near-prohibition of gay men in the priesthood.
That was only the beginning.
The king’s cake is $16 and hides a chocolate coin.
SPORTSSUNDAY The Animal Self Scientists are conducting personality tests on animals like chimps and octopuses.
Most of what Mr. Bush said was the CliffsNotes version of the State of the Union speech for local television markets.
A warm and brilliant man beloved by his patients, students, colleagues and staff, Dr. Lieberman will be missed by all.
She signed up and posted some of Karmaloop’s clothing.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
Todd Fraser, a spokesman for the Border Patrol, acknowledged the shooting in a telephone interview on Tuesday, saying that an agent had "come under attack by an assailant who was throwing rocks."
SEIDENBERG--Sidney A. Beloved husband of Edie Seidenberg.
Related to this is the poetry world's obsession with and fear of its own marginality, which in this case results in the hopeful application of the word "neglected" to a single older poet from the West Village, when one easily could argue that the entire art form -- even the Lord of the Prize, John Ashbery -- is about as neglected as neglected gets.
Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Small Space Gallery, 70 Audubon Street.
Mr. Skyler said the city planned to pay the company about $16 million a year, and as part of the contract, the company would build a recycling processing plant at the South Brooklyn Marine Terminal in Sunset Park to handle the majority of the city’s recyclable waste.
"If we want to know why we can never again replicate the extraordinary generation of the founders, there is a simple answer: the growth of what we today presumably value most about American society and culture, egalitarian democracy," he explains.
But many of the people I talked to in El Salvador, including Tópez, the prosecutor, said there was a rule of thumb: if an aborted fetus weighs more than 500 grams, or a little more than a pound, then you can argue that the fetus was viable.
But Mr. Allen functioned well in the mostly white and liberal fraternity, he added, because "he seemed to get along well with everyone -- always thoughtful and respectful of different opinions."
Experts say such training is the only way to offset the huge loss of trained medical workers.
Lawmakers have been asked to draft a second bill amending the law to include Mr. Chirac's promised changes.
He is expected to play mostly in left field but is capable of playing all three outfield positions.
The model for the future of the coast to me seems to be the Florida Panhandle, with condos and things like that.
of Overtime Violations A lawsuit filed in federal court accuses I.B.M.
Unlike most talkative narcissists, Mr. Rosen knows when his listeners will concede intimacy and when they'll withhold it.
After failing two times to have superiors seek warrants to search Mr. Moussaoui's belongings and computer because of what they said was insufficient information, Mr. Samit said he settled on a final plan.
It was one of at least five marches and rallies in major cities that day.
Graveside services will take place Monday, 1 PM, at Temple Israel Cemetery, 388 Saw Mill River Road, Hastings-on-the-Hudson, NY.
Actually, Bistro En, in Teaneck, is more of a French-Japanese hybrid.
(The presence in the movie of a loud young man named Jack Black was enough to confirm this theory.)
And India is strongly committed to global nuclear disarmament, but not in the form of the current non-proliferation agreement, which gives unlimited rights to some countries and comprises the legitimate security concerns of a country like India.
He also insisted that he loved me and wanted to stay married to me, while he fell in love with other women and engaged in other betrayals.
Both sides have agreed to suspend the normal statutory limitations that could prevent Mr. Fields and the firm from being prosecuted in connection with some of Mr. Pellicano's actions in years past.
Mr. Clark seemed, in short, old.
“Given what you do for a living, I wouldn’t stand so close to her,” my husband said, gesturing toward me.
Philanthropist for educational and Jewish causes.
He wasn't even the starting goalie as Switzerland, suddenly the Cinderella of the Olympic hockey tournament, qualified for the quarterfinals with a 2-2 tie against Germany, the day after Gerber shut out Canada, 2-0.
Dr. Henry A. Kissinger Chairman Patrick S. Gallagher George J. Gillespie III Daniel L. Mosley William C. Paley
"But I've gotten some hate mail, too."
The Bush administration plans to announce the standard premium for 2007 later this month.
"People call us because they're frustrated with the 311 system," said Ian Hegarty, an employee at Board 4.
But Mr. Berger argued that many other changes in health care must be made before further cuts, particularly in the way Medicaid pays for services.
Rates are comparable at the Shellman Fish Camp (912-832-4331).
Dominique Labelle’s soprano, to take one example, offered a department store of styles — straightened tones sung to choirboy effect, elsewhere operatic vibrato, and always intricate Baroque ornamentation for repeated lines.
"Like too many Americans, I was raised in a household where physical abuse occurred," Ms. McFarland said in the statement.
The Forty-Eight-Hour Turnaround From "Shiksa Goddess," 2001 During my elementary school years at the Yeshiva Flatbush, the closest I ever came to joining in the joy of Christmas was sitting in the front row of the Radio City Music Hall Christmas show.
If you need further assistance, please feel free to email me back and I will be glad to help you.
But her campaign has sought to use her military-related experiences -- in the Pentagon and on the staff of the Senate Armed Services Committee -- as cornerstones of her qualifications for the Senate.
That took her across Peru, where she dispensed aid to poor mothers and children, making her something of an Evita Perón-like figure in this vast Andean country.
I liked the sandals teetering not on wedge soles but cantilevered up on bamboo stilts, like a Balinese beach shack, and the jeweled wedge sandals ($850).
YOUR MONEY Correction: March 8, 2006, Wednesday The Your Money column in Business Day on Saturday about the use of credit cards to pay tax bills misstated how one company, Discover, was handling the user fee, which is usually paid by merchants.
"It's one of the most significant paintings and portraits to come at the auction in years."
It will be an event for the family."
INSIDE PITCH Chien-Ming Wang, who was struck on the right kneecap by a hard one-hopper Sunday, continued to make progress Monday.
"My mother-in-law already thinks I'm a Nazi," she said.
Correction Appended After years of lagging growth, book publishers are in a mood to try just about anything.
Even so, according to Dr. Herbert Perlman, the president of the board, one of the 88 apartments there sold recently for $1.3 million.
Heat a grill or broiler.
If the final form of string theory does not yet exist, it’s strange to claim in advance that it can make no predictions.
So have the women's gold medalist, Sarah Hughes of the United States, and the men's gold medalist, Aleksei Yagudin of Russia.
"Almost from the first day I came to Yahoo," Mr. Semel said, "I realized that every strategy we were considering had to be related to the quality of our technology."
Another new book, "Game of Shadows: Barry Bonds, Balco and the Steroids Scandal That Rocked Professional Sports," says Bonds was chemically aided in hitting many of his 708 home runs, including his record 73 in 2001.
(Photo by J. Scott Applewhite/Associated Press)
"Boston is a very exciting place to play," Hansen said.
I found a great loft to sublet in TriBeCa.
Every year, the authorities in Eastern Cape Province in South Africa report deaths and amputations from botched circumcisions of young boys.
Howard Glickberg, one of Fairway's owners, expects to install a restaurant with views of the Statue of Liberty on the second floor.
This sepia-toned billiards hall has a basement barroom that on weekend nights, houses a raucous, down-home reggaetón party.
Stephen J. Minarik III, the chairman of the state Republican Party, conceded that despite his and Gov.
Developers have already invested millions of dollars on land acquisition, design and permitting.
“Mind you, I don’t know whether my boys are legals or not.” He would not be surprised, the man admitted, to learn that 25 percent of them had given him bogus Social Security numbers.
Mr. Rakic, the lawyer, said Tuesday that "tribunal officials have lied several times and they completely neglected his health by not adjusting the therapy when needed -- that is why the Russian doctors came."
But for all their storied history, for all the memories they have contributed to the N.F.L.
MATHIAS--Philip, age 98, died on November 13, 2006 in Harrison, New York.
That question, although a hardy perennial on the right, is silly: George Santayana and David Hume were the former but not the latter.
"Without Tysabri, she is at greater risk of ending up in a wheelchair and becoming a cognitive shell of the woman she once was," David Miller, who teaches business ethics at Yale Divinity School, said of his wife, Karen, who has multiple sclerosis.
Rob Thomas, the creator and executive producer of "Veronica Mars" and one of the few such "show runners" to post openly on the Web site's forums, said in an interview that Television Without Pity functioned "as a big focus group."
We should respond to Osama by shining a spotlight on the Muslim victims of Darfur (many Arabs have instinctively sided with Sudan's rulers and have no idea that nearly all of the victims of the genocide are Muslim).
It’s part of what both the casual and the dedicated spectator likes to see.” So, it may look like Formula One is resolving its problems, but will there ever be peace?
Some of Yahoo’s social networking initiatives, including Yahoo 360, have struggled as other sites have taken off.
Similarly, 32, 39 and 45 Broadway all had vacancy rates above 20 percent in 2004 and are now 98 percent leased.
Smokers also pay $1.50 in state tax.
Devoted grandmother of nine grandchildren.
The door is solid steel with a vertical slot that allows for a guard to peer in.
Some of this water drains off at intervals, at times trickling out and other times leading to floods.
Everything is discounted: 250 Bowery (Houston Street): (212) 226-0954.
Now that he knows the mechanics of running, he does so religiously in the off-season, along with working out the weight room.
Anja Paerson of Sweden was the women's overall winner.
Even if you delete messages, the space they took up isn't freed until you tell Outlook Express to readjust the size of the mail files, or "compact" your mail folders — which saves disk space.
You want me to die.” The half-eaten turkey sandwich rolls off the bed, leaving me with my trusty, sweet-smelling comforter and the very thick volume of “Oblomov,” the famous 19th-century Russian slacker novel by Ivan Goncharov, newly translated by Stephen Pearl and published by Bunim & Bannigan.
"Elizabeth Taylor has had many husbands and Jodie Foster has not."
They can also get a free monitor to test their blood pressure.
Hundreds of directors, actors, dancers and musicians hope for a lucky break in one of the 800-odd fringe productions that crowd the streets of this ancient city.
A provision in New York City's new teachers' contract that will require struggling students to stay for 37 1/2 minutes of after-school tutoring is causing confusion and drawing fierce complaints from many parents and educators across the city.
She will be deeply missed by her family, extended family and many friends.
Mr. Cisneros also said it was important to consider that such a large portion of the military was black, and that Dr. King would not support excluding them.
It'll take a while, but it's a rewarding experience, and they give you everything you need to do it right."
their friends and family would chant.
The grants were given to the Delta Blues Museum in Clarksdale, Miss.
He will throw off the slope of the mound Friday but is already behind other pitchers.
A Bank in Japan Goes on the Offensive The Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group stands apart from most other Japanese banks -- and not only because it is the world's largest privately owned bank.
"I think we've dealt them a number of body blows," he said, "but we haven't yet dealt a knockout blow to Mr. bin Laden himself."
Some of its most memorable moments have no talking: Mickey Mouse dancing with the brooms in "Fantasia"; the Seven Dwarfs weeping at Snow White's bier; Bugs Bunny riding in as Brunhilde on a white charger in "What's Opera, Doc?"
According to newspaper reports, prosecutors believe that the conglomerate also failed to disclose in a timely fashion its purchase of a publishing house last year.
People get up, go to work, have lunch, come home, turn on the evening news and see insanity happening out there.
The 10 p.m. edition of "Monday Night Raw" delivered an audience of 5.04 million, which was a better showing than its 9 p.m. hour (4.78 million).
His father is a manager at United States Gypsum Company, a Chicago manufacturer of gypsum construction products, where he coordinates fire protection testing.
It's tough to find, but it's where you'll discover the young and beautiful, who seem to prefer cigarettes to swimming.
That is not bad in a market where people do not switch e-mail addresses casually.
TRENTON, Jan. 27 - Declaring that New Jersey's fiscal health has "plunged perilously close to ruin," policy advisers to Gov.
Tom Wolfe Those who cite the white-suited Wolfe as a modern dandy ignore Brummell's adage, "If John Bull turns to look at you, you are not well dressed."
He graduated from the University of Georgia and received a master's degree in international education from George Washington University.
“I think we got in 500 copies initially,” Ms. Shanks said.
"I am worried that these hearings could end up telling us very little when the American people are thirsty to find out what happened here."
“Mostly, these are not people who are at really high risk of dying in the near future,” Dr. Donoghue said.
But the need for such decisions has increased with the rapid improvement in imaging techniques like CT scans and M.R.I.'s.
Tunney, unmarked, won every round; Dempsey, badly battered, offered no excuses.
Because Venus will be 78 million miles from Earth at the time of the encounter, resulting in a 14-minute round-trip time for radio signals, Venus Express will have to execute the orbital maneuver without guidance from ground controllers at the European Spacecraft Operations Center in Darmstadt, Germany.
Many economists say this situation is unsustainable over the long run, arguing that the United States could eventually face a harsh correction that would depress spending, increase the cost of borrowing and sharply lower the value of the dollar.
The deal marks the first time that music-publishing copyrights have been licensed on a worldwide basis.
A real farm family would eat them, of course.
His point, in singling out "Maryland," was not about surface flash, technique or speed.
() 5 3 BAD CHILDHOOD -- GOOD LIFE, by Laura Schlessinger.
The impressive cast includes Mark Ruffalo, Ben Gazzara and Zoë Wanamaker (2:30).
Indeed, he said, the company has cooperated with the department in its efforts to secure American ports and ships in foreign ports.
She attended Emerson College, Carnegie-Mellon University and received her BA degree from SUNY Purchase in 1992.
Members of IG Metall marched in front of I.B.M.
The software is part of a broader effort to live up to the initial hopes human rights activists had that the Internet would provide unprecedented freedom of expression for those living in restrictive countries.
In Latin America, Goytisolo's longtime champions include Mario Vargas Llosa and especially Carlos Fuentes, who places him in the pantheon of legendary refuseniks, men like Jonathan Swift and James Joyce.
My attempt to become the first member of my family to traverse the Brooklyn Bridge on foot without oxygen failed when I became suffused with vertigo and had to turn back.
His father, who is retired, worked in Livingston, N.J., as a vice president for computer integration for the CIT Group, the finance company.
In a recent 14-year evaluation, kids who had been through MST programs had 54 percent fewer arrests and spent 57 percent fewer days in jail.
For the mayor, however, the moment could be much more significant.
Other survivors described a tense standoff between the captain and many on the ship, as passengers and even some crew members began demanding the ship be turned around and return to Saudi Arabia as smoke poured out of the lower deck.
It is rare to see motorcyclists in the region wearing the colors of those few clubs that are known to be engaged in gang activities.
It was as if New York City packed a full year of weather into the past week.
With General Motors on the threshold of losing the title of the world's largest automaker, this symbolic blow to American pride may set off protectionist sentiment against Japan.
Forty-odd years and thousands of miles walked or run later, I was walking with my college roommate when she glanced at my feet and exclaimed, “Those look like clown shoes!” Yes, indeed, my sneakers are now a size 7, with a strong arch and a wide, high toe box to accommodate my spreading forefeet, a hammertoe and an incipient bone spur on my left foot, and a tender big toe with a chronic nail fungus on my right foot.
VNU's board has struggled with whether to sell the company in its entirety or to consider pursuing an alternative path by selling pieces of the business and retaining others.
The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index lost 2.14 points, or 0.2 percent, to 1,287.24, and the Nasdaq composite index slid 12.27 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,282.36.
If consumers believe that, then we have some bottled water to sell them that no longer warns of arsenic levels, and a salmon fillet that drops the distinction between fish originating in the wild and fish from a farm.
Federal authorities in Los Angeles yesterday disclosed a Feb. 8 conspiracy and wiretapping indictment of George Kalta in connection with the far-ranging investigation of the celebrity private eye Anthony Pellicano.
Mr. Gelb made reference, in the news conference announcing his plans and in a separate interview, to Rudolf Bing, the Met's legendary general manager from 1950 to 1972.
Last year, the State Health Department streamlined the consent form.
"I used to do Art in the Park with my paintings and drawings," he said of the mid-1980's.
This makes her roundly unpopular with black and white alike, but inspires in Genna a fierce loyalty that increases as the harassment of Minette begins and then escalates.
His skills became so honed that he could put a positive spin on medical waste washing up on the beach: When reporters called, he said would-be swimmers were flocking to rides in awesome numbers.
As the months pass, I remain miserably uncertain about all things but one: I would kill for a trashy American sweet.
But the average mortgage I do is about $30,000, and for Mr. Smith it’s probably $300,000.
On the other, it would mean trading in his well-paying job at T.W.
"It's just an area where we have to have absolute, foolproof reporting in place."
Another facet of the MetroStars deal is the desire by M.L.S.
Sofia Gubaidulina has been one of our more interesting artist-journalists.
Although the cavernous, antiseptic church in which David preaches and in which his other son, Paul (Paul Dano), performs with his rock band, initially suggests that the filmmakers are similarly inclined toward derision, the Sandows emerge as surprisingly sympathetic, largely because of the actors.
"It's a combination of the nature of the crime and the person who was killed.
"The state Legislature did offer her, very late in life, a pension, and Mark Twain offered to buy her house and have her come back and live in it.
And to make that change, the city wanted more money for the land.
Portrayed with dark ebullience by the Tony Award-winning actor Chuck Cooper, the solitary Oscar has, by 72, gathered a lifetime of phantoms around him, led by the ghosts of the daughter and the wife he mistreated.
Despite the quick pace, service was still attentive.
“Sensitivity is only a word,” Mr. Jones said.
Emily, has always been coached by Retzkin, who has been protective of her.
Conversely, there’s little point in applying a sunscreen-laden product in the evening, when a visit from Mr. Sandman is the closest you’ll get to a beach.
How did that get here?)
"It would be very embarrassing for people to think of them as normal."
Although the number of New York Blondes is understandably elusive, twice a year scores of them gather in Bryant Park for a week of fashion shows.
She was a consummate professional who maintained her spirit, humor and budget.
May they be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
The story goes as follows.
Watts will compete in the halfpipe event Thursday.
I can’t tell you how often I was stopped by a picture so good or unexpected that it made me do a double take.
Hendrick Hudson Free Library, 185 Kings Ferry Road.
On city streets, too, trends in scruff have reached new levels of unruliness, a backlash, some beard enthusiasts say, against the heightened grooming expectations that were unleashed with the rise of metrosexuality as a cultural trend.
The senior guard J. J. Redick scored 35 points as the Blue Devils withstood a furious rally by the Tar Heels.
Mr. Asbury’s most immediately striking contribution has been to make the programs cohesive, for the most part.
Ms. Jones also created the Jones-Haywood Youth Dancers to give younger students opportunities to perform.
So sign me up for a memoir on my alliance with Dr. King.
Devoted mother of Paul and motherin-law of Deborah.
"They think that Telekom's assets are very cheap, and if they can't buy the whole lot, they can get a return by influencing the business," said Tony Dalwood of SVG Capital in London.
But toning up requires effort, doing push-ups or squats for instance.
There is even a spoof of the Natchez Pilgrimage itself, put on at the Little Theater.
Andrew, on the other hand, was a young boy at that time, learning to paint under the tutelage of his father.
The show is divided into two parts: "Private Realms," devoted to the traditional mainstays of suburban life -- home, lawns, family and such -- and "Public Reality," dealing with broader aspects like suburban sprawl and the tyranny of cars.
His breakaway group had been expected to hurt the prospects of Mr. Ortega in the Nov. 5 election.
Arguing that today’s increasingly vast data centers are unwieldy and require corporations to become unwilling computer designers, Sun executives said Blackbox would simplify installation.
Since you can't appreciate what I do, maybe somebody else will."
Perhaps it's not what you do, but how you do it.
Formerly the site of the Roman settlement’s forum, the piazza throbs with activity in the early afternoon, as bicycle-bound locals wave to one another in passing or stop for a quick midday chat.
The blood-substitute that floods the stage near the play's end is gruesome and extreme, but would be routine and more believable in a movie.
The leaders of the House and the Senate Foreign Relations Committees introduced bills on Thursday to authorize the deal.
The 1990 pay-as-you-go rules, which forced Congress to offset new expenditures with spending restraint, not only imposed fiscal discipline but also forced pork projects to compete for limited resources.
Refinancing is probably not an option, because a new mortgage would most likely come with a higher interest rate.
This is mild interference, but even though the Jazzfest basically was a trade show, there were no visible banners for the French agency.
Visually, Mr. Coniglio, assisted by Ms. Stoppiello, is into his own special form of motion-capture technology, which the two developed in a residency last year at essexdance, a center for dance and computers north of London, and then continued in other European workshops.
The meeting ended without a resolution, according to state and city officials.
"Some people are so particular about what a wedding should and shouldn't be," she said.
We send our love and heartfelt condolences to Drew, Kate, Michael, Bernice, Jane and Jay.
The bride, 29, is an associate specializing in litigation in the Salt Lake City office of Snell & Wilmer, a Phoenix law firm.
This week, an opposition party picked him to head its ticket.
"Alentejo Blue" is set amid the cork oak forests of the southern Portuguese region known as the Alentejo.
Amazingly, Bobby takes this for good advice and looks pleased.
But because shipping a large, bulky appliance is relatively expensive, many German-label appliances are now made in America, so they do not show up in the import figures.
Flu strains are constantly undergoing mutation, and the effectiveness of the vaccine varies from year to year, depending in large part on whether the strains selected in the spring for inclusion closely match whatever strains make the rounds the next winter.
L.C.D., or liquid-crystal display, technology uses no moving parts.
The slave trade flourished in New York, historians say.
"I just always feel their presence."
A three-month trial of the two men and other former Enron Broadband executives ended in July with no convictions and 24 acquittals on 202 charges.
In Michigan, for example, Medicaid pays a city doctor $35 for a patient’s office visit; it pays a rural health clinic doctor up to $72.76 for an office visit.
Candidates for the Supreme Court are now routinely expected to be liars as they deny the truth about their intentions on issues where citizens have a moral right to be informed.
But the bishop's willingness to challenge the Chinese Communist Party on many issues, both in Hong Kong and on the mainland, suggests that he could prove a combative cardinal.
expressed concern about a flood of requests from companies, and some union-run plans, to waive or postpone their mandatory annual contributions.
Instead it is bottled out of the cask, at 117 proof.
Mr. Nour won 7 percent of the vote in the multiparty election, Egypt's first for president, placing second to Hosni Mubarak, the longtime ruler.
Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, no fan of market hype, seems to have little problem with Mr. Cramer, with whom he went to law school.
For millions of Internet users, the site that opened to the public less than a year ago provides a daily fix of odd and interesting video clips, from White House speeches to frat house pranks.
Here it's followed by the text, "Hold Onto Your Dreams."
In the postwar areas, Lakeview and Hillcrest, small Cape Cods, colonials, bilevels and ranches go for $300,000 to $400,000, about double what Ms. Daniel paid for her four-bedroom Hillcrest Cape five years ago.
Doug's parents, Jack Gordun and Winifred Wolfe are both deceased.
Caption information is provided below.
"I would like to congratulate all Haitians who participated in the vote for their commitment to exercising their democratic right to choose their future leaders," the United Nations secretary general, Kofi Annan, said in a statement.
was a better fit for my intellectual interests.
Activated LHP David Wells from the 15-day DL.
Indeed, the story of the Holocaust has overwhelmed countless novels intended for adults.
Venture capitalists see themselves as maverick, fast-moving entrepreneurs with a need for relatively loose hiring rules and marketing needs.
Across the river from Chelsea, the complex stretches the equivalent of about 14 Manhattan blocks.
The Wolverines won the National Invitation Tournament in 2004 and finished 23-11.
First Class, Army National Guard; Canton, Ohio; Second Battalion, 19th Special Forces Group.
After 28 Ne6, Cicak could not well play 29 f4 because 29 ... Nf4!
But Mr. Forrest quickly saw that there was too much competition from other projects: developers are building nearly 4,000 condo units within a three-block radius of Madison Square Park, according to Cushman & Wakefield.
I'll plan our trips to the tide so we will drift along the Back River on Tybee, and when the tide changes we'll float back home.
Tesman's doting Aunt Julle (Julie Hamilton) is less the usual study in passive aggression than an openly aggressive busybody.
10 10 THE END OF FAITH, by Sam Harris.
By Tuesday of this week, a lot of the company was starting to settle in, from Chelsea and Geneva and Brooklyn and Beijing, along with hundreds of dollies and crates from which art slowly emerged.
The show's characters and sketches have tapped into Israel's zeitgeist so well that a religious lawmaker asked the station to rebroadcast it during the week, to allow observant Jews, prohibited from watching Friday night because of the Sabbath, to join the national conversation.
"We deeply regret this embarrassing and shameful episode," Mr. Grayken said, "and to the Korean people and government, we apologize."
Because there are still many more arsenic-fed than arsenic-free chickens for sale, consumers can reduce their exposure by buying from companies that have stopped using arsenic, or by choosing chickens labeled organic or antibiotic-free.
Did you ever dream you would actually win?
I would not hesitate to mention intelligent design in my classroom because I do not see the two as mutually exclusive.
Among the issues that many companies have not addressed, she said, are whether executives may buy options to hedge the value of their company stock and whether companies should impose so-called claw-back provisions that seek reimbursements from executives of performance-based bonuses when the companies are forced to restate their earnings.
In the meantime, associates of former President Bush and Mr. Clinton say that the two have moved beyond their road show for tsunami and hurricane relief into a genuine friendship and that they have told members of each of their parties to stop complaining about the bond.
City officials said they hoped that by using more sophisticated forecasting models from the National Weather Service, they could achieve a balance between flood protection and water supply.
Mr. Pearl became intrigued by Sheik Mubarak Ali Shah Gilani, an Islamic cleric with ties to the “shoe bomber,” Richard C. Reid, and badgered his sources for an interview.
And every ride offers another chance to play before Manager Joe Torre and the major league coaches, something Duncan -- a Florham Park, N.J., native and the most valuable player in the Arizona Fall League -- relishes.
"He kept improving, and after about 200 hours of training he had risen to over 80 numbers."
Sue Hopkins, a spokeswoman for the corps, declined to comment.
Another decision that might prove even more fateful was made at the same time as the April 10 suspension of MoistureLoc shipments: to bet heavily on ramping up sales of the older product, MultiPlus.
But in a statement, Mr. Donovan said: "We understand and acknowledge the need for more timely and transparent communication.
It has been on the menu at his restaurant David Burke & Donatella ever since.
Just like the British came in well equipped, the British came in looking good and organized, the George Washington army had a cause to fight for.
This is unfortunate, because there is a tremendous amount of fighting, and the simplistic battles soon wear out their welcome.
Theater is a collaborative art.
The prosecution presented first-hand accounts that victims "frequently remained in the burning buildings and jumped out of the windows only when the heat became unbearable."
"I sometimes ask those friends of mine with jailhouse tattoos if they'd rather be back in jail, or here.
In Martin’s play, Einstein and Picasso match wits until they’re both shown up by Elvis, in a show-stopping surprise appearance.
Ten shackled prisoners were taken out and led into a cage in the courtroom.
I don't know what I'd do without Braswell's."
Loughran in 1992 took up the post of acting president following the death in office of his predecessor, Robert L. Hess, and fulfilled the duties of his office with his usual grace and humor until a permanent replacement could be installed.
The Wachovia Corporation said yesterday that third-quarter profit increased 13 percent as loan demand rose, yet its revenue fell short of forecasts as lending margins declined.
Services will be at J. Krtil Funeral Home, 1297 First Ave on Saturday October 14 from 1-4pm.
Among entrees, my favorite was grilled polenta with wild mushrooms, but other delectable options were bowtie pasta (farfalle) tossed with smoked and fresh salmon and shallots; risotto with porcini mushrooms; and grilled veal chop with portobello mushrooms in a tawny port reduction.
But Frank asked me to.
German dishes were removed from local menus, and many people of German descent living within a half-mile of the port were evicted from their homes or businesses.
That's how Barbara Chubin plays the game in her advertising: "Do you want to go to the Caribbean?
Do they proliferate here in the domain of someone whose business it is to collate data -- her most recent effort being to help direct an unprecedented survey of the health, or lack thereof, of the city's homeless adults -- that explain what most ails and, more grisly still, what most kills New Yorkers?
“The metaphor that we use is a pipeline,” Dr. Strelnick said.
Larry Cricchio, sales manager at Century 21 Calabrese, said buyers can expect to pay more as they inch closer to Dyker Heights.
Mr. Machida faced a particularly tough sell at Sharp's computer panel division, whose products he was scrapping.
The sidewalks of New York were filled with snowy white clothes.
Attorney General Steven Rowe asked a federal court to dismiss a lawsuit against the Maine Public Utilities Commission over inquiries into whether Verizon provided the phone records of state residents to the federal government.
She had believed it was a pinched muscle or a cramp.
Often it is better to be cautious, because a misstep can cost a player a game, putting him in a hole that it can be difficult to recover from.
Although the campaign includes old school media like TV, print and outdoor ads, the difference, Ms. Thompson said, is that “traditional is not the core of the campaign, it’s part of the campaign.” The Nissan media agency, OMD, part of the Omnicom Group, is overseeing the media aspects of the campaign, working with sibling shops like TBWA/Chiat/Day, the Nissan creative agency.
In “The Flagellation,” the column to which Jesus is tied bisects the panel from top to bottom.
I can't believe that's HBO's model, CNBC's model or Anne's model.
He said: "Persons who have unauthorized possession, who come into unauthorized possession of classified information, must abide by the law.
The findings are narrow in focus, and conclude that the Lincoln Group committed no legal violations because its actions in paying to place American-written articles without attribution were not expressly prohibited by its contract or military rules.
Include Ken Macha, who regained his job in Oakland after leaving the position, and that number becomes nine.
(He typically shows in Milan.)
Ms. Spiro (the knockout from “Must Love Dogs”) uncannily — and probably maddeningly for her — resembles Kate Hudson but has the low, steady voice of Julia Stiles, which in this part underscores her masculine side.
Harlem erupts into riot on Sunday evening, Aug. 1.
Floating in the perfectly clear waters, you can count off the building projects, in stages from pile of dirt to nearly complete, from east to west: the Tuscany, Grace Bay Club Villas, Pinnacle, Seven Stars, Regent Grand, Mandalay, Somerset, Alexandra, Veranda.
But for now, as they dance and sing their repertory — a mix of pop and dance songs with unapologetically innocuous titles like “Bubble Gum” and “Good Times” — they have little more than five distinctive wardrobe styles to differentiate themselves.
You have a perfect right to be angry."
Go to Article from Bloomberg News »
Jazz at Lincoln Center mourns the passing of Ahmet Ertegun, a beloved member of our Board of Directors since the organization's inception and a guiding force in its creation and development.
And in his two career starts at Nassau Coliseum as a member of the Rangers, he had been terrible.
He has also lost much of the white financial support that helped propel him.
9 p.m. 2) MAKING THE SCENE O.K.
"They say they highlight liberal voices along with the dangerous radicals, which is fine," said Marc Lynch, a scholar of Arab politics at Williams College who has criticized Memri on his own blog, Abu Aardvark.
Baden Baden is one of New York City’s few hofs, Korean restaurants where beer is the drink of choice, instead of soju or sake, and fried chicken is a specialty of the house.
She put sparkly silver makeup around her eyes.
Collins, about whom little is known, other than that she was a Pennsylvania schoolteacher, died before she could resolve her tale, leaving it for the editors William L. Andrews and Mitch Kachun to provide capsule summaries of alternative endings, titled “The Happy Ending” and “The Tragic Ending,” rather in the manner of that old classroom chestnut “The Lady or the Tiger?” Is such presuming on the intentions of an author legitimate?
“She’s got laryngitis,” Mr. Daughtry explained, prompting a gruff rejoinder from a man in the crowd: “Like hell she does!” (Suffice it to say that among “Idol” devotees, there is some skepticism about the diagnosis.)
"THAT'S me when I was little," said the photographer Judith Joy Ross, pointing to a picture of a small girl, with blond hair and large plastic-framed glasses, standing next to a scuffed metal desk in a second-grade classroom.
Jamie Rappaport Clark, the executive vice president of the environmental group Defenders of Wildlife, who headed the Fish and Wildlife Service when delisting was first proposed in the Clinton administration, said Monday that she was "pleased to see this process back on track."
Sure, Google would have to censor the most politically sensitive Web sites — religious groups, democracy groups, memorials of the Tiananmen Square massacre — along with pornography.
This is a troubling deal for two reasons.
All it took was the approaching clippity-clop of Angus and few stern shouts from Sergeant McKay.
In recent months, organized confrontations between Shiite youths and national security forces have become almost weekly events in Bahrain's squalid Shiite townships and villages.
Wedged between two of the nation’s oldest and most popular parks, Yosemite to the north and Sequoia to the south, Kings Canyon is the shadow High Sierra, a realm of splendor lost in the glow of its celebrity neighbors.
But like many New Orleans musicians before him, Juvenile found out that having a citywide hit wasn't quite the same as having a nationwide hit.
Mondays through Saturdays, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Center for Contemporary Printmaking, Mathews Park, 299 West Avenue.
dropped the investigation because he never literally "endorsed" Mr. Bush, only the faith-based initiative.
Earlier this year, researchers studying dietary effects on humans went so far as to claim that calorie restriction may be more effective than exercise at preventing age-related diseases.
For plants and animals, it can mean changes in the timing of seasonal activities like germination and reproduction.
Josh Smith and Josh Childress, second-year forwards, have shown flashes of talent.
Her name is Starla (Elizabeth Banks), and Starla's smile still shines bright even after her husband, Grant, has transformed into a fairly unnerving Jabba the Hutt look-alike.
And "Cello Counterpoint" (2003) adds to the series of densely textured single-timbre works that began with "Vermont Counterpoint" in 1982, in which an instrumentalist typically records multiple, interlocking lines, adding a final line live in concert (although on recordings this is a moot point).
Democrats see an opportunity to "show Hispanics who their real friends are," as Senator Charles E. Schumer of New York, chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, put it.
At the show's center is the most confident and tough of those women, Babe Williams (Ms. O'Hara), head of the workers' Grievance Committee at Sleep Tite Pajamas, who catches the eye of the manly but shy Sid Sorokin (Mr. Connick), the company's new superintendent.
A thick piece of cod pressed with Parmesan was teamed with the bits of tomato asparagus and vegetable mix that seemed to be the vegetable mélange of that evening.
Bonds, who is three homers from tying Babe Ruth's total of 714, was intentionally walked in the eighth inning Friday even though the Giants had a five-run lead and a runner at first.
Mr. Brachman is an experienced chef, but his friendly book, which might be just right for a Father's Day gift, assumes little familiarity with the kitchen.
In a startling break from normal courtroom decorum, however, Laura Walker, the wife of a victim, jumped up from her seat in the gallery.
Now working in McLean, Va., as a project manager at Native American Management Services, which provides services to Indian groups, Ms. Neel spins to relax and gives most of her considerable output to her twin sister, Lara, a photographer in South Dakota who is an expert knitter.
"At a time when nothing is shocking anymore, that's what makes them sexy."
When WebMD posts its financial results later today, analysts are expecting quarterly earnings of 9 cents per share.
But a majority of New York restaurants at the higher end use them in some way.
But Mr. Specter was skeptical.
The harvest from a small vegetable garden at the far end makes occasional appearances in the restaurant's kitchen.
Neither Mr. Zucker nor Mr. Chernin would specify what exactly was separating the two companies over the two shows.
Lawmakers of both political parties say that in today's fiercely competitive health care marketplace, many nonprofit hospitals operate like investor-owned, profit-making institutions.
Speeches by Supreme Court justices are usually sleepy civics lessons studded with references to the Federalist Papers and the majesty of the law.
According to the Business Council of New York State, at least some parts of Appalachia have fared better economically than upstate in some ways.
Working with the CarbonNeutral Company, Ecoventura is trying to balance the CO2 created through its trips by donating to a portfolio of projects, including sustainable energy projects in Sri Lanka and India, and methane recovery in the United States, which captures leaking methane at a Pennsylvania coal mine.
Also charged with terror conspiracy are Rafiq Sabir, a doctor from Florida, and Mahmud Faruq Brent, a paramedic from Washington, D.C.
Mr. Sarisohn, a lawyer and former district judge who is active in the Suffolk Democratic Party, said he is partial to political- and legal-themed sets.
Demographers say there aren’t enough potential homeowners in the echo boom (the children of the baby boomers) or in the generation that comes after that (still without a catchy name) to soak up that supply, no matter how slowly it goes on the market.
It was 25.4 inches, not 19.5.
Sony has flirted with selling parts of its financial units before, including talks with several American and European financial companies four years ago about selling a stake in Sony Life, the company said.
A Guston next to a Baer is not all that daring, but nothing so unpredictable happens in “Out of Time.” In one gallery, Sarah Morris’s architecture-based abstraction, “Creative Artists Agency,” is paired with the 1964 Stella.
And he was ideologically pure.
You find out what she wants, and then maybe you show her something that she hadn't thought about before but that works especially well with her personality."
With Hardaway gone, those talks are all but dead.
But when they play new music, they have to figure it out themselves.
"If we had it all our way, then Israel would like a united front, with the whole world leaning on Iran and Hamas," Mr. Sella said.
“It’s not just you sitting there with a screen anymore.” Lands’ End, which has been offering customer-initiated live chats on its Web site for years, has recently begun to engage customers after they click on multiple items on the site.
Late yesterday, Ms. Calzado's relatives and friends gathered at her family's small ground-floor apartment on Fox Street, four blocks from the scene of the shooting, and remembered a girl who loved to sing, baby-sat for neighborhood children and had been studying for her G.E.D.
), James E. (Debra B.
You start the sauce while the pasta water is coming to a boil; you finish it while the pasta is cooking.
Many families delayed the arrival of their first child.
He would like to think it is because he tries to live well, but he is not so sure, especially when he hears about what Dr. Barker and Dr. Fogel and the others have found.
The original agreement, reached in July 2005 with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, would permit India to buy nuclear fuel and reactor components from the United States and other countries in return for inspections of its civilian program.
But watching all the sweating and grunting and seeing some of those exercisers disappear anyway, you decide to opt out.
Brown said he was not concerned about the effect of a team captain openly questioning his coaching.
The filing came four days after a group of investors, the Atlantic Sea Island Group, announced plans for a $1 billion natural-gas plant on an artificial island to be built in the Atlantic 13.5 miles south of Long Beach.
Suzette Azariah Gunn is Sarah, a light-skinned woman obsessed with whiteness.
They also suggest that other interventions, which include new drugs, may retard aging even if the diet itself should prove ineffective in humans.
No insulin-dependent diabetic can become a commercial pilot.
And sure enough, there are scattered pleasures, though the distracted service is never one of them.
"I don't think you can change that much on the mound."
For Olympics, Advertisers Broaden Their Range Just as the sponsors of Super Bowl XL extended their glitzy, expensive commercials beyond the game -- onto Web sites, cellphones, cinema screens and video iPods -- so too will the scores of marketers that plan to run spots during the NBC Universal television coverage of the Olympic Winter Games, to be held in Turin, Italy, from tomorrow through Feb. 26.
The victim, a 39-year-old postal worker and union member, Cyril Ferez, briefly regained consciousness but lapsed into a coma, the news agency reported.
The Mughals, and the Rajput painters influenced by them, were expert at painting animals, from a raging elephant to a timorous deer to a Himalayan pheasant likely bound for the cooking pot.
"There was a lot that happened within the 12-13 hours before I was traded," he said.
Every time you open a program, it stays open in the background, even if you close its window.
That's always been the case for the handful of people who are passionately interested in them, type designers who blog away about how embarrassingly ubiquitous the Mrs Eaves font has become, or whether Tobias Frere-Jones's Gotham will ever match his Interstate.
"We cannot drill our way out of this problem.
"We do not tolerate or condone insider trading."
"There has to be a special application of the rule that no good deed goes unpunished for someone to say that because I voluntarily gave up my fees for getting the settlement -- and that would be $10 million -- somehow I'm not allowed to be paid for seven years' work in successfully carrying it out."
The casket ($10 on eBay), the stuffed crows perched on its edge and the R.I.P.
21 Report on Conventions The Justice Department's inspector general has found no evidence to support claims that the Federal Bureau of Investigation interrogated political demonstrators before the 2004 Democratic and Republican Conventions to keep them from protesting.
"But basically when LoDo was developed it became an entertainment district, and that's not where we wanted to be.
"It's something different every day, it's never boring," he said.
And as her onstage speech would later show, she hardly loved dealing with journalists, particularly a "despicable right-wing journalist from Fox News" who had asked her earlier that day why her son did not have a tombstone.
Firefighters had the fire 75 percent contained Sunday afternoon but were worried that wind and rising temperatures could stoke hot spots, said Gerry LaCavera, a state wildfire specialist.
"They groaned softly for a while, as if this was truly an appalling idea, as no doubt it is," Mr. Osborne writes.
Pearl pendant earrings hang beneath the teased and molded mound of her blond coiffure.
In it, she talks about growing up onstage, backstage and upstaged by Latino celebrities who happen to be parents.
Instead of that overbearing panhandler or a crackling service announcement, the possibilities for these riders range from Debussy to Death Cab for Cutie.
Those behind the memorial, centered on its two reflecting pools, have still not satisfied the public or the politicians on several aesthetic questions.
It was bought by Nancy and Joanne Karl, two sisters from New York, a few years ago, and now it's open to the public.
Well, I guess so," he answers his own questions as he skips through the notebook.
Boink sells 20,000 copies at $7.95 a pop, most far from the Boston campus.
Until recently, however, a drive down among the high-rises at night revealed mostly shuttered office buildings and empty spaces.
That as fine while business was booming, Mr. Greenberg writes, but could be a trap when it’s not.
"This is a much better budget than we've had in the past for women's health," he said.
"It's really hard to walk past the cover of this book and not want to pick it up," Mr. Mayer said.
Lehman's introduction is not much help in coming to terms with his taste.
He had his first session as a leader in 1961, for Riverside.
Keeping local food economies healthy — and at the moment they are thriving — is a matter not of sentiment but of critical importance to the national security and the public health, as well as to reducing our dependence on foreign sources of energy.
When The Washington Post last year reported accusations that there were secret C.I.A.
Born Feb. 6, 1920, NYC.
"That," she says after a long moment's rapture with a fruit that's not even there, "is the best bit."
At other times, it warns agents how the media types operate: The media’s need for balance poses both challenges and opportunities.
"A Prairie Home Companion," which spoke of a place in which the women were strong, the men were good-looking and all the children were above average, was begun in 1974.
A Goldman Sachs spokesman said: "Peter's a terrific guy.
Mr. Perez, who has spent the last few days showing off Kodak's newest products at the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, took a break to discuss his vision of photography's -- and Kodak's -- future.
"It's a good thing," said Adnan Pachachi, the temporary speaker of Parliament and a secular politician.
Tennis can be particularly tricky.
He, too, is expected to exercise his Fifth Amendment rights to avoid testifying.
The Next Neighborhood Robert Sullivan is the author of "Rats: Observations on the History and Habitat of the City's Most Unwanted Inhabitants" and "How Not to Get Rich: Why Being Bad Off Isn't So Bad."
This success is a credit to the vision and perseverance of a strong coalition of local, state and national preservation allies, including Save Our Seminary and the National Trust, who spent five years in court together against the Army to protect the district, as well as the Maryland Historical Trust, the Montgomery County Historic Preservation Commission, Preservation Maryland, and Montgomery Preservation Inc., who were all involved through years of negotiation and advocacy.
As a character who carries around a nonfiction literary history of Henry James and plans to read it at the hairdresser's, she surely has the potential to be annoying.
Mr. Chaplin's brother, Harvey, said: "My brother will be missed by his family, his friends and his business associates.
"It reminds people that you are open, that you are alive, and that you are part of what is going on."
For many years he worked for David Bouley, with whom he shares an affinity for pliant textures and mousselike effects.
Rogers V. Scudder, a beloved and renowned teacher of Latin, died on Sunday, August 27, 2006.
In Philadelphia, where 380 homicides made 2005 the deadliest year since 1997, 208 were disputes; drug-related killings, which accounted for about 40 percent of homicides during the high-crime period of the early 1990's, accounted for just 13 percent.
PORT CHESTER -- "Utilitarian Ceramics," works by Bruce Dehnert.
He pointed out that the Internet was notoriously difficult to control, and that even the best corporate filters and firewalls sooner or later proved porous even in the United States.
New cases were reported yesterday in New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania.
The seemingly simple art of blocking doesn’t normally come in for critical praise, but there is one moment — when Ms. Sunde allows the past to cross in front of the present — that carries layers of meaning.
One downtown developer, Dominik Goertz, remains optimistic.
Each crumb Kitty ate was an actof true bravery, defiance snatched from its curved talons.
The former is particularly magical in the slow movement of the Bach Double Violin Concerto in D minor, to which it is set.
PAGE 22 The Empire State at 75 The building is the distinctive image of mythic New York, and totally irresistible.
What is the subject of Elie Wiesel’s book, “Night?” b.
An additional $141 million remains to be contracted out for other projects, she said.
We can tell you whether labor unions raise productivity or stifle innovation or raise wages, but we are reluctant to judge whether the tradeoffs are good or bad."
cable or by removing the card from the device and putting it in a PC card reader.
TO many architecture buffs, the chance to live in a building by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe would be a fantasy come true.
The Board of Directors of the John B. Stetson Company expresses its sorrow at the passing of its long time president, Richard Adler, and extends sympathy to the members of his family.
Soon the contest will be over who can be toughest on the crescent menace.
Finding an affordable place in Cambridge was out of the question until he happened upon the old schoolhouse on Orchard Street, abandoned for decades, now being converted into condominiums.
American and Iraqi officials believe that the conflicts present them with one of the biggest opportunities since the insurgency burst upon Iraq nearly three years ago.
Beloved husband, father and grandfather.
Modernizing the Court System John Speziale is hailed in books and in a television movie as the judge who set aside a jury's guilty verdict against Peter Reilly, a teenager who was wrongfully convicted of killing his mother.
Her mother, Linda Crossland, is an executive secretary at the Avondale, La., plant of Northrop Grumman, the military equipment makers.
When he gave up alcohol eight years ago, the depression seemed to intensify.
Kyle Farnsworth and Ron Villone each threw a solid inning of relief.
"Their blingy flings are not celebrations of accomplishment; they're celebrations of self," Ana Marie Cox, a Time magazine columnist, wrote in this week's issue.
The purchase is the culmination of an on-and-off apartment hunt by the Reynas that has lasted about four years.
We need responsible mandatory requirements, and risk-based principles announced by the department would deliver those requirements.
Loving husband, father, grandfatther, great-grandfather and brother.
Still, before the weekend is over I will have dutifully planted a shrub in the rocky clay that masquerades as soil on my Hudson Valley property.
Beloved wife of Robert for 62 years.
But on Friday, the police, neighbors and friends were trying to untangle a series of events that led one of those young men, Daniel Cicciaro, 17, to be shot to death Wednesday night by the 53-year-old father of the other, Aaron White, 19.
Timothy Bal Belle Mead, N.J., Feb. 27, 2006
To the Editor: I take strong issue with your Nov. 27 editorial “When Don’t Smoke Means Do.” We understand the skepticism regarding how a tobacco company can be serious about preventing youth from smoking, but our business is grounded in competing for the largest share of the adult tobacco market.
Some publicly traded companies with operations linked to ethanol include Novozymes and Danisco, both based in Denmark, and Diversa of San Diego; all three have said they have made major gains in reducing the cost of the enzymes needed to produce ethanol from cellulose.
Vanishing star-pianists (Lang Lang was replaced by young Alexander Kobrin) were not the only potential obstacles to this opening.
"This is our tour de force," Ms. Henenberg said, holding up a picture of the toilet brimming with concrete.
A1 Business Digest C2 EDITORIAL A16-17 Editorials: Deficit demagogues; extraditing Charles Taylor; slapping King Coal's wrist; Robert B. Semple Jr. on a Republican rara avis.
More and more Internet services are being built around video programming rather than traditional Web pages, and much of it aims to attract viewers in their late teens and 20's.
For now, standard radios and MP3 players still have the edge on easy music delivery.
ven should it prove to be an achievable goal, persuading Democrats that Clinton can't win gets you only so far.
The chronic-pain patients who underwent neuroimaging training reported an average decrease of 64 percent in pain rating by the end of the study.
Was the yellow the way it looked on the color chart, or was it more mustard?
He returned to America in 1999 by plane through Los Angeles with a false passport, having borrowed $50,000 from relatives to pay smugglers — twice what he paid the first time — and reapplied for asylum.
"The playhouse was the biggest tennis auditorium in the country at the time and the glass roof was unusual."
Dr. Pou entered E. E.’s room, it said, and closed the door.
You realize, some of these people go to prison, and they have to be strong.
In the past he has chafed just slightly under the demands of producing more episodes under such intense scrutiny, including protests from an Italian-American group, caviling from some fans with ever more demanding expectations.
"Him," a life-size wax figure of Saatchi, was sculptured by the artist Gordon McHarg, who will show the piece to inaugurate his West London Subway Gallery this month (Edgware Road tube station).
Mr. Bredesen requested the special session last year to spur action on the ethics legislation.
It takes six months to implement a new menu fleetwide.
One woman who quit years ago is Chancellor Angela Merkel.
From now to then, about 27,000 new planes will be sold, Boeing says, estimating the breakdown as follows: 3,450 regional jets of 90 seats and below; 16,540 single-aisle jets at 100-240 seats in dual-class configurations; 6,230 twin-aisle jets at 200-400 seats in three-class configurations; and 990 jets the size of 747’s or bigger, with more than 400 seats in three-class configurations.
Teachers understand too well how such individuality can also mean a bloody nose.
Some are eloquent, almost literary.
Ms. Offerman, 57, an independent investor from Minneapolis, had read about skijoring, a Nordic sport, which involves tying a dog to the skier for increased speed and power.
That is harder to do when a glamorous network anchor is hurt while under the protection of American and Iraqi forces.
It is, and he's darn funny, in a deadpan way.
If file size is not an issue, what is the best way to rip a CD and preserve the fidelity of the music, with the intention of playing on an MP3 player or iPod ?
He is Olmedo Hidalgo, not Olmado.
Unadvertised, they were a shock to a diner who was allergic to peas.
When he photographed a rundown section of Queens, he let it be rundown.
In one scene two players are trading insults.
The mayor, who often champions his independence from the usual political forces, put the issue on hold during his campaign, deferring to leaders of a religious community whose votes he sought (and got).
But now that both children have graduated and are living on their own, the couple is moving again, this time to a loft in the Hamilton Park neighborhood in Jersey City.
In October 2002, Puckett was charged with false imprisonment, criminal sexual conduct and assault after a woman accused him of forcing her into a men's room at a restaurant in Eden Prairie, Minn., and groping her.
"AIM 26," the Bronx Museum of the Arts, 1040 Grand Concourse (at 165th Street), through July 2.
It's not that the treatment of colitis is an unworthy mission, but I have no connection to the cause except that I received a letter from the Colitis Committee asking me to show up.
"But my theory is, no, I'm helping the team more by taking my walks because I'm putting that guy behind me in a better position to hit."
— SETH SHERWOOD Back to Article
To the Editor: Re "At Afghan Bazaar, Military Offers Dollars for Stolen Data" (news article, April 15): What's the point of buying up all the flash drives in the Bagram bazaar?
You know, it's something that guys like Ted Nolan have done.
But he is perhaps best understood as a bluesman, after the mournful and eerie style of John Lee Hooker.
C18 Richard Kuklinski A Mafia hitman called the Iceman, who claimed to have killed more than 100 people, he was 70.
Among registered voters, 33 percent said they planned to support Republicans, and 52 percent said they would vote for Democrats.
www.pillsbury.com/bakeoff SOUTHERN LIVING COOK-OFF Next in Birmingham, Ala., in October 2007. www.southernlivingcookoff.com
Inside is some of the best modern art Venice has to offer, including works by Andy Warhol, Gerhard Richter and Damian Hirst.
His formulation that art "may be thought of as a form of visual foreplay before the climax" applies especially to Bonnard, whose subjects were themselves teasingly hard to pin down and purposefully incomplete.
Ms. King warned that she was a difficult client — someone who had seen some 185 apartments over two years with four brokers had to be.
One striking period suite comprises a boudoir, bedroom and bathroom designed in the early 1920’s by Albert-Armand Rateau for the prominent couturier Jeanne Lanvin.
He is survived by his daughter, Ayn Riehle of Vermont, his son, A. Jay Baldwin of New Jersey, eight grandchildren and one great grandchild.
"He really hadn't been working that hard, so I thought it would pick up," Jackson said.
The shooting occurred about 1:30 p.m. as five officers tried to stop four men at East 29th Street and Farragut Road who they believed were preparing to commit an armed robbery and one of them fled, the police said.
As Sinn Fein and the Irish Republican Army demonstrated in Northern Ireland, such arrangements are not easy to disentangle.
"Bring hats for the kids and wear sunscreen."
Above all, her sense of humor was extraordinary.
Without good light and a tripod, though, the HD1 is an iffier prospect.
Therail service, which cost $207.7 million, runs every10 minutes during the morning and evening rushat a charge of $1.25 per ride.
"NOW arriving from New York," boomed a voice near the Long Island Rail Road train.
Currently, Stamford's tallest structure is Landmark Tower, a commercial building measuring 270 feet.
Berkshire also looks less indebted than other companies because it does not have retiree medical plans.
Geoffrion's wife, Marlene, who flew from Atlanta for the ceremony, joined with their three children in hoisting a banner bearing his No.
Later this year, Nare plans to list its shares on the London Stock Exchange's small cap market.
"I have said all the way along -- I think I said last year -- that it's an anomaly and sooner or later has got to be dealt with," he said, according to a British news agency, the Press Association.
"I think we have managed to get a rather good deal," a senior Indian official said, unwilling to disclose his name because the full details of the nuclear agreement had yet to be shared with the Indian Parliament.
I paid 150 yuan for a single, without breakfast.
What better food item is there to spend your money on?
Flaubert, just back from his two years in the East, wrote to his mistress Louise Colet that this new book would represent his third try at a great novel.
Michael is survived by his parents, Ethel and Bernie, and by the spirit of his sister Stacey who passed away earlier.
Interiors accounted for about $3.1 billion in 2005 sales for Lear, including $2.2 billion in North America that produced significant segment losses, Lear said.
All along, Costa discussed what was happening at Calvin Klein with his partner of 15 years, a burly horse trainer named John DeStefano.
George E. Pataki, a fellow Republican, on financing for New York City schools and has moved to muscle his way into the rebuilding of ground zero, one of the governor's major initiatives.
Probably the most far-reaching integration of Burning Man into the real world has been among art collectives living in industrial areas of cities, including Oakland, Calif., and Williamsburg in Brooklyn.
How many movies turn on that moment!
FEINBERG -- Dr. Barbara Jane (Silberdick) on October 30, 2006.
Mr. Rocano, 20, was not missed as the shift changed.
And MGM Mirage, which has also teamed up with a state-owned company, is including Cirque du Soleil as part of its bid.
But he said he doubted there could be a universal formula.
Like Lydia and Don Freeman's classic "Pet of the Met," "The Great American Mousical" imagines the small denizens of a venerable theater having all the ambition and charm of the humans who share the stage.
“It’s no different than my experience with AOL: when I got involved, the Internet was a fringy hacker hobby.” In addition to the Miraval Living projects planned for cities, Mr. Case said the company would build developments in suburban areas.
Famous as a precursor to Impressionism, Hokusai (1760-1849) may be the best-known Japanese artist in the West.
This is talking dirty of an extremely rarefied order.
No problem if you’re paying a dollar, dredging the thing in ketchup and wolfing it down in your car; preposterous if you’re paying $19.95 for three and trying to divine the ineffable Kobe-ness of the meat.
We are deeply saddened by our loss.
Before Mr. Skilling left for an African safari vacation with his son that June, the earnings per share number had already risen 1 cent, to 33 cents, he testified.
But so badly did Friendster fumble its early lead that, as of last month, it ranked 14th among all social networking sites tracked by comScore Media Metrix, trailing even myYearbook.com , a site started last year by a 16-year-old high school student.
The Barnsider Tavern in Sugar Loaf (845-469-9810) serves burgers and fries.
"It was peripheral rather than core.
Coen described Hinnant's steady game as "an acquired taste."
Even more, they are sponsoring original Internet content, especially video programs.
The land is flat and sandy, covered in low shrubs -- not exactly lush or even especially pretty.
When bombers struck again in Sinai, the government acknowledged that the two attacks were linked, and that they had been carried out by residents of the northern Sinai.
12 Ohio State (18-4, 7-4).
Parks without predators, including human hunters, may be the most susceptible to C.W.D.
By a stroke of luck -- how lucky, I had no idea -- our neighbor was an ear, nose and throat physician.
Mr. Wielianto's six weeks in this country were marked by a fruitless search for work that took him from Baltimore to Philadelphia to the Pocono Mountains of Pennsylvania and back to New York.
Legislative representative and public relations advisor, Brooklyn Academy of Music, Limousine Association of New York.
“Black authors don’t succeed because of the system, but in spite of it,” Mr. Smikle said.
George was a kind and caring close friend to many of us and we valued his insight and his energy.
SOON, the Garins said, soon.
As a deadline nears for submitting bids for Knight Ridder Inc., MediaNews Group Inc. and Gannett Co. are working on a joint bid, according to The San Jose Mercury News.
Today all France, even the middle classes, suffers from a feeling that things won't get better, from an inability to make plans for the future.
The sergeant, whose name was not released, walked to the driver's side window, and the officer to the passenger side.
Visitors with skis, snowboards, paragliders, ice axes and crampons flock there in the winter to test their mettle against the mountains.
"There's such intense pressure to develop and this desire to build now while the interest rates are favorable."
If anyone was missing novelty, that is provided by the sight and sound of Mr. Morris conducting Vivaldi's "Gloria."
There were no direct confrontations with the police, as there had been in previous days.
The Turkish Health Ministry and the World Health Organization team refused to give further details.
Bland, a secretarial assistant at a technical high school, is renting the truck for the weekend rather than drive her 13-year old GMC pickup, which gets much poorer mileage.
One of our twin daughters has my last name, and the other has my husband's.
Instead, it is now trying what is known as a scrum method, where it will plan, build and test parts of a product every 30 days.. “We may not know how everything fits together,” Mr. Patel said.
But it is their opposition, especially the Likud Party that Mr. Sharon broke apart, that uses Mr. Sharon's image more to portray the former general, whom the rump Likud battled to the end and regarded as a betrayer, as a heroic figure in contrast with their present foe, Mr. Olmert.
But he suggested that there had been plenty of dialogue -- most of it conducted in public -- and that the problem was not one of discussion but of action by Iran to give up all production of nuclear fuel.
Andrew Tanner, an award-winning British ceramist, has produced a collection called Frieze for a division of Watts of Westminster, a firm established in 1874.
Either way, The Economist writes, it will not end well if the borrowers run into trouble.
Ms. Campbell pleaded guilty, and her record was cleared in exchange for her expressing remorse, under an agreement with the prosecution.
A small study presented at a meeting of the American Stroke Association in 2003 suggested the test.
Jack Shainman Gallery 513 West 20th Street, Chelsea Through tomorrow "Faking Death: Canadian Art Photography and the Canadian Imagination" is a humbling, informative, exasperating show.
Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »
The site is the former home of the Lipton Tea factory, and the first two residential buildings are onetime factory buildings.
Last week a spokeswoman for the New York regional office, Krista Conte, confirmed the company would no longer write policies for stand-alone homes in the area for either its own brand of insurance, or its Encompass brand, offered through independent agents.
They've bought a lot in the Yellowstone Club and will build another house.
We live in the modern age.
Mr. Suozzi may lose with that centrist strategy, since many Democratic primary voters are liberals.
One evening in mid-December, she meets Truman at Grand Central and they board the 20th Century Limited for Chicago.
But the standoff ended peacefully after only a few thousand supporters heeded his call.
To the Editor: The dedicated teachers and administrators highlighted in "Testing, Testing but What?"
Available through computer and electronics retailers, the SyncMaster also has composite, S-Video, component and DVI Digital Link inputs for DVD players, when there is nothing on TV worth watching.
To the Editor: Re "Final Struggles on 9/11 Plane Fill Courtroom" (front page, April 13): The voices on the recording of the last moments of United Airlines Flight 93 were horrifying.
Soon there will come a time when animation will be able to replicate the sensual, tactile qualities of paintings and drawings.
Feodor Chaliapin, a Russian, died in 1938; Martti Talvela, a Finn, in 1989; Nicolai Ghiaurov, a Bulgarian, in 2004: each a Boris who went down in history.
"There comes a point where it's time to close things down, where all the negotiations are over, where the decisions have to be made."
That helps explain why they show saintly patience with losing sports teams and touching fidelity to small shopkeepers.
To be considered real, places need not be low-rent, but 200-foot yachts, Lindsay Lohan and duty-free Cristal are instant disqualifiers, e.g.
Francisco Costa was the second-youngest of five children.
"I said, 'Don't do that, you'll hurt your neck.'
April 22 at 8 p.m. and April 23 at 4 p.m. Tickets: $20 and $25.
Alison Reiter, 31, an X-ray technician who is living with her parents in nearby Cutchogue, was the first to have her name called.
Thomas has fought depression over leaving his family in Brooklyn and has not conformed to all of the daily rituals at South Kent, like going to chapel.
Leading Democrats said Monday that they found the White House's latest line of defense to be unpersuasive, with Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the Senate Democratic leader, saying Mr. Bush's speech reflected a refusal to "come clean" with the public.
The narrative, he noted, was confined almost totally to combat action in "a succession of desperate air battles" in which the author saw his comrades "shot down, blown apart and burned to cinders in flaming planes."
Thomas Q. Morris, M.D., Chairman, Board of Trustees Jeremiah A. Barondess, M.D., Immediate Past President David Vlahov, Ph.D., Interim Executive Director $(6$)FARBER--Saul, M.D.
Mr. Conda was referring to Mr. Bolten's replacement, now the White House counsel.
(Midgette) 'DON GIOVANNI' (Tomorrow and Sunday) Amato's venerable recipe -- no rehearsals, changing casts at every performance -- should make for an unusual version of Mozart's classic, but at least the theater's small scale represents a kind of period fidelity.
He said the gift helped him leave the Met in better condition artistically and financially than when he took over as general manager.
To counter the slowdown, Mr. Mumtaz, 42, who opened Chicken Corner three years ago, has special offers for children and adults, but to little avail.
“I was unhinged,” Donnell said.
She offered few details but acknowledged that two of the possibilities being discussed were a dismantling of one of the North’s many nuclear facilities and the readmission of international inspectors.
But for all the debate about where players should bat, deeper statistical methods have revealed that the order barely makes a difference -- and the difference can be quite counterintuitive.
WALT DISNEY PICTURES must be the most enduring entertainment brand ever created.
How do we return to a more thoughtful conversation in America that can truly be an example throughout the world?
The author of "The Tipping Point" explores the importance of hunch and instinct to the workings of the mind.
Do we really want to create that here?"
Fukuyama offers a thumbnail sketch of neoconservatism and its origins, back to the anti-Communist left at City College in the 1930's and 40's and to the conservative philosophers (Leo Strauss, Allan Bloom, Albert Wohlstetter) at the University of Chicago in later years.
Renney said he was confident that Lundqvist was recovered from his hip injury, but Renney said he wanted to limit the shots Lundqvist faced.
"Feeding kids is a moral issue, but this is a moral issue plus," he says, "because we're leaving about a billion dollars in available federal funds on the table in Washington, D.C.
He said at least three agents spotted them about 7:30 p.m. as they tried to cross the border.
Mr. Miller's overwhelmingly Democratic council overrode vetoes by Mayor Michael Bloomberg some three dozen times.
"A Naked Girl on the Appian Way," which Hughes directed, opened on Broadway last fall; "The Well-Appointed Room" opened at Steppenwolf in Chicago in January; "Bal Masqué" opens at Theater J in Washington next month; "The House in Town" opens at the Mitzi Newhouse in June, with Hughes directing again; and a revival of Greenberg's 1997 play, "Three Days of Rain," starring Julia Roberts, begins previews on Tuesday.
The musical quotations run from Spandau Ballet to Madonna.
"I'm able to control it and slow it down to my pace," he said.
We were aware of that going in."
Migs DeCastro, a Californian who works in Vancouver as an occupational therapist, just bought a 2,000-square-foot, five-bedroom house with his fiancée and another couple for 330,000 Canadian dollars.
But after arriving at U.S.C., he discovered that he didn't have enough time to play baseball and major in film.
Another little quirk: some services do not tell you an apartment's phone number, so you must use your cellphone to receive calls.
Of course they were bound to work together again, and they did a few months later, scoping out the America’s Cup in Newport, R.I. Steadman, a woozy sailor, asked Thompson if he might have one of the little yellow tablets that he assumed the writer had been taking for seasickness.
As the vice president for human resources of Miller & Long, a regional concrete construction company, Mr. Gladstone is responsible for a mainly immigrant work force.
East, Dan Gerstman of Buffalo, won with his ace and returned the heart deuce, a suit-preference signal screaming for a club return.
Visiting Saturday March 4, 7-9PM.
The drafters of the statute are acting as institutional agents, and the intentions they might or might not have are the intentions appropriate to such agents.
“When I first arrived, the produce was being trucked all over the world, but there was nobody here utilizing it.
"This killing seems to have been carried out by those who have not accepted that."
On May 18, 2006 in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida.
William S. Lerach, the plaintiff's lawyer who is leading the charge in the civil case against Enron and its executives, said he does not expect to get any money out of Mr. Lay, mostly because the Justice Department and federal regulators are bent on engineering Mr. Lay's financial ruin.
LITCHFIELD "Kids on Calder," works inspired by Alexander Calder.
Hunt was born in 1784, and his first memory was of a prison cell: his impecunious father, a lawyer-turned-preacher from Barbados whose "dash of 'creole' blood" may have been the source of Leigh's tawny good looks, had landed with his family in debtor's jail.
Good education does not seem possible if school district budgets are subject to the whims of uninformed voters.
For his Absolute Quintet, with drums, keyboards, violin, cello, tenor saxophone and no bass, he has written highly disciplined arrangements to lie over fast, physical music.
Even if you delight in scientific method or visions of whiskered things, PBS's wildlife report is a chore.
So the college guys aren't getting the best jobs with the best players."
"It is the Republicans who looked partisan as they continue to sink in the polls."
They see it as a healthy alternative to things like video games."
Patent pump, $495, at Christian Louboutin, Beverly Hills.
And the Guggenheim is back.
Correction Appended When American audiences watch “Masterpiece Theater,” they generally surrender to awe and abjection, swooning over the stage-caliber performances, the care with dialogue, the thrill of uninhibited literacy.
The Getty's Fund for New Orleans will allow nonprofit arts groups to apply for two types of assistance: conservation grants to care for their art collections, archives, historic buildings and landscapes, and transition planning grants, to strengthen institutions as they regain their footing.
In court papers and at the hearings, Mr. Lato attacked the witnesses' truthfulness and accuracy.
But it’s not a perfect world.
Without water in the rivers that lace the basin, this spring's wild harvest is hurting, too.
It seems it was a substitution that particular day for the sea bass.
Black chiffon evening dresses, their backs scattered with sequins, had a fragile beauty.
Adverse effects were more common among the Cytoxan group.
In a phone interview, I asked Howard Smith, the owner, what his secret was: how did he keep the chicken so moist, the flavor so deeply imbedded in the flesh?
LAST PURCHASE OVER $1,000 -- Hmm.
SAMIS--Dr. Sidney M. Died peacefully on January 8, 2006 at the age of 88.
The NYSE could, of course, outbid Nasdaq, but given that the technology synergies with NYSE would be considerably lower, NYSE would be hard pushed to match Nasdaq’s offer.
She presided over the reception of 64 guests with the same brisk acuity she had at her restaurant.
(Allan Kozinn) 'LAKMÉ' (Sunday) Delibes's "Lakmé" is best known for the coloratura soprano tour-de-force aria "The Bell Song" and an utterly dreamy duet for soprano and mezzo-soprano.
The bottom line is a lot of charities depend on the Jaycees.
His story is out of the ordinary in several ways, but in no way more than this: He never envisioned a football career.
Mayors and ward leaders are Nepal's equivalent of dogcatcher.
FIRST of all, let me extend a pre-emptive apology.
In the article about John Seigenthaler Sr., who served in the Kennedy administration, a suggestion that he was involved in the assassinations of both John F. and Robert Kennedy was on the site for more than four months before Mr. Seigenthaler discovered it.
Set 1: Weighing in at a mere 8 ounces, the Airflow felt like a natural extension of my arm.
It is pitched at kids of all ages.
"We happen to have an audience that loves foreign and international films," Mr. Roy said.
"We like reality TV, and we decided it would bring awareness to brain tumors."
Doctors, lawyers, bank workers and even bureaucrats working in the Home Ministry have joined the protests.
Making his first start in nearly a month, Frye had one of his best games, with 19 points and 9 rebounds in 28 minutes.
But Mr. Petrocelli stole the spotlight on Wednesday as he aggressively questioned Mr. Fastow, 44, for more than four hours about his criminal activity in a series of off-the-books partnerships that netted Mr. Fastow millions of dollars while entangling his family in his criminal schemes.
The bridegroom, 29, is the director of pharmaceutical services at the H.I.V.
But his results in mathematics and accounting, he said sadly, were "very poor, very poor."
The opposite problem — failing to warn about preparations for an outbreak — occurred in 2001.
Dr. Bessler said the medical team was "not prepared to project" a date for Mr. Pataki's release from the hospital.
Beaumont Theater, Lincoln Center; (212) 239-6200.
Anthony J. Landler of Sherman Oaks, Calif., has looked for hotels on discount Web sites like Priceline.com in the hope of sidestepping the charges.
In fact, it's becoming distinctly overcrowded.
"It's highly likely we'll be filing something with the court."
Mr. Callegari created the approved nose with L200, a durable liquid rubber that can last for up to five years.
Every time I go to a new doctor or other health care provider, I have to give my Medicare number, which includes my Social Security number.
But Arendt saw something else.
But Mr. Peres may feel less comfortable with a party led by the acting prime minister, Ehud Olmert, who is 60.
That doesn't cleanse Google in my eyes, but it certainly turns caricatures into fully animated characters.
As the violence escalates, Roger reminds himself what he's fighting for: "I looked in on my sleeping kids and, oh my God, nowhere are there kids as sweet as my kids."
JERUSALEM, March 24 - On Ariel Sharon's 78th birthday a few weeks ago, those closest to him joined his two sons around the bedside where he lies, silent and comatose, in a hospital on a hill high above Jerusalem.
Full reviews of current shows, additional listings, showtimes and tickets: nytimes.com/theater.
This view, he argues, is not just morally undesirable, but descriptively wrong.
"I think it's been a visibility issue, but the Olympics brought snowboardcross to the forefront," Mr. Berry said.
In the new edition, Shiller applies the same thinking to global real-estate prices and argues that the phenomenal increases of recent years -- especially in places like New York, San Francisco, Sydney, London and Paris, but also more broadly -- amount to another instance of irrational exuberance.
Journal on Tuesday reported net income of $12.3 million in its first quarter, or 17 cents per share.
A maverick scholar and a journalist apply economic theory to everything from cheating sumo wrestlers to legalized abortion and the falling crime rate.
His company is always searching the area for opportunities to maximize the value of a special piece of property, he said, just as it is constantly scouting in other tony spots like nearby Alpine and Greenwich, Conn., for a castle-capacity property, he said.
Just three and a half years ago, McDonald's was struggling mightily.
What exactly is the Tokyo Drift?
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to North Shore Wildlife Sanctuary or Nassau County Museum of Art.
Don’t think of pools and diving for loose change.
Then she made a beeline for the Neptune Pool, reserved for special guests, and slipped in the water, where she swam contentedly until the fuss died down.
It slowly bares its teeth: a seeming ode to lovesickness is actually a venomous antiwar song.
Alyce was a longtime member of the Women's Committee, and a founding member of the Kips Bay Boys & Girls Club Decorator Show House in 1973.
You can read that privately to me off in a corner.
But I had a lot of questions.
"Noesis" (the title is a Greek word for cognition) is a dense and teeming three-movement score of some 20 minutes.
As noted elsewhere in the review, it is "The Power of Movies," not "The Power of Film."
Mrs. Clinton co-sponsored legislation that would prevent the acquisition of any port operations by companies that are owned by foreign governments.
Mr. Sunderland, 39, is an investment analyst in Manhattan at GAM USA Inc., a division of Julius Baer, the Swiss bank.
You can never have enough good players.
His white contemporaries ignored him, but a generation later his sources and insights contributed mightily to a new history, a history that has been elaborated and refined but remains the standard one today.
And finally, he has had Republican control of both houses of Congress for almost his entire presidency.
This one does, and it would be worth a visit for one piece alone: a 1980 video of a solo performance by the artist Stuart Sherman (1945-2001).
"I regret it a bit," he said, speaking of the book's preposthumous publication.
I want to create a director's role within music, which is what I tried to do on this album."
He is the son of Helen Siracusa of Ponte Vedra, Fla., and the late Lawrence Siracusa.
But for charm and grace, you could do a lot worse.
Want HDTV in the Maldives?
In addition to suing the condominium association, his family sued individual unit owners in the building.
LONDON, Jan. 10 - Britons have long been known for their love of alcohol and their belief that among the naturally repressed, drinking is an essential prelude to relaxation and joie de vivre.
"Everyone is obsessed with property tax rates," said David Ernst, spokesman for the New York State School Boards Association.
They see a lawless population planted in their midst by the only democracy in the Middle East whose assaults on Palestinian people and property are virtually ignored by Israel’s army and courts.
The tamales are full to the bursting with tender chunks of meat spiced with a sweet pepper salsa.
But the next season, Larranaga's Yellow Jackets grabbed an improbable split.
Mr. Gladstone was in El Salvador nearly three weeks ago when the Senate Judiciary Committee voted to legalize the roughly 11 million people believed to be living illegally in this country.
Both said they disliked the agent so they disliked the apartment.
The Q comes with 64 megabytes of memory and accepts MiniSD cards for more storage.
1 single, “Smile,” a lilting reggae confection that sounds so sunny on first listen that it is shocking to realize that it is a vengeful goodbye to a contrite cheater.
For four months, you've got to be perfect."
Richard Spirlet of the New Bedford police.
The guilty pleas, announced here on Tuesday, came as prosecutors said they were preparing new indictments against Mr. Pellicano and others that are expected to be filed by the end of the month.
In fact, summer can be a good time to bump up the luxury level and stay at a resort that during high season comes with a nightly room charge that can approach the cost of a mortgage payment.
A memorial service will be held Sunday, September 10th at 10:00 A.M. at Robert Schoem's in Paramus, NJ.
The platform, which should have been connected to a crane, was rendered unstable and collapsed onto the street, killing two construction workers and a man driving by.
(Be sure to call ahead to make sure Mr. Cyr is available.)
But whether it's 1,417 or 2,000, that's a third world number.
And we linger together in our pajamas -- a perfect way to begin the day.
Devoted wife of the late Harold, beloved mother of Jeff (Bette), Stuart (Dolores) and Marc (Ellen).
A gauge of utilities lost 1.3 percent for the worst performance among 10 industry groups in the S.& P. 500.
Hours: Mondays through Fridays, 9:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. Manhattanville College, Brownson Gallery, 2900 Purchase Street.
"It's all up to the doorman."
So why not use it?
And that's just one beach.
He said e-mail put added pressure on him to notify parents immediately -- something he would rather not do without several sources of verification.
Two weeks after he came out, his parents told him he was totally — and irreversibly — blind.
The “Grinch” special, created by Dr. Seuss (a k a Theodor Geisel) and the brilliant animator Chuck Jones , is the wittiest and most charming of the lot (with honorable mention going to “A Charlie Brown Christmas” of course).
Banks are normally crowded at the end of the month.
“Jonathan had the Google offer,” he said, “but he also had these very-well-regarded V.C.’s saying, ‘Let’s make this thing huge.’ ” It did not take much to convince him.
On my return trip, there wasn't even that.
Their electricity was cut off.
"The idea with these beers is not balance," said Stan Hieronymus, who writes about beer at the Web site realbeer.com.
Well, that's true, Mr. President.
's annual conference, the Historic Fortified Town of Campeche was inscribed.
" More typical, however, are women who volunteer because "that's what women in the suburbs do," said Kathryn Sollmann, a co-founder of Women@Work.
Other artists include Joseph Beuys, Mona Hatoum, Christian Marclay, Tony Oursler and members of the Fluxus Collective.
This program radically rewrote the rules of Macintosh-Windows warfare -- by letting you run Windows XP on a Macintosh at full speed.
As late as yesterday afternoon, the two sides remained at loggerheads over the two issues that had dominated the negotiations: wages and health insurance.
They are being much more combative and much more strategically managed."
"It will work out for you."
(Last November, a City Bar Association committee said it opposed the bill as well.)
When they did look over case files, some backdated their entries to cover up the delay.
Jan. 28 through Feb. 25.
A rotating carousel of performers will take on everything from the leading roles of the Sugarplum Fairy, her Cavalier and Dewdrop to the corps and the hordes of children, and very much including the protagonists of all the second-act character dances.
We mourn the passing of a wonderful woman.
Most of the past Super Bowl most valuable players posed for pictures, then sat down with reporters.
The man, Edward Mosberg, 80, is scheduled to donate the Torah tomorrow, The Star-Ledger reported yesterday.
Marbury topped the list, garnering 12 percent of the responses from 248 N.B.A.
Paul Sankey, an analyst at Deutsche Bank in New York, said the disappointment came from the production unit, which had a one-time charge of $300 million for some tax adjustments.
According to the Asian American Federation of New York, a nonprofit group, of the 26,000 Japanese who live in New York, the largest concentration -- 61 percent -- live in Manhattan, followed by Queens, with 23 percent.
10 P.M. (ABC) BOSTON LEGAL -- Is Denny Crane contagious?
How young is she, exactly?
But when he came outside, the authorities said, he was carrying a loaded rifle.
Not those pleasantly hued but lifeless rocks that pass as mangoes in most American grocery stores.
He had the snot pounded out of him within three hours, and yes, the shoes were mentioned.
She added in an e-mail message, “As a personal trainer, maintaining trust with a client is of the utmost importance.” Indiscreet trainers have plagued gyms for decades, spilling the beans about everything from clients’ infidelity to their sexual orientation.
What makes you think they'll keep their word?
He was a tireless worker on our behalf, and a remarkably effective ambassador in reaching out to enlist the support of others.
But this isn't uniformly a migration to exurbs, or to traditional Sunbelt or Western destinations like Florida or Arizona.
Fortunately, an antidote to these myths is at hand: "On the Corner: Day Labor in the United States," the first comprehensive nationwide study of the day labor phenomenon.
(To calculate body mass index, divide your weight in pounds by your height in inches squared.
The bride and the bridegroom, both 25, are medical interns, she at Long Island Jewish Medical Center in New Hyde Park, N.Y., and he at New York Hospital Queens in Jamaica.
Maybe we should aim for what the funds call a blended approach: Live foolishly.
In 2003, he improved to 3.63.
When the show went on the air in the United States on Jan. 9, executives of Sirius Canada denied that their decision to exclude "Howard 100" was caused by fears that Mr. Stern might breach Canadian industry-imposed content standards.
Everybody thinks you got to have it, everybody thinks you got to do it.
Cohen and her teammate Kimmie Meissner moved their training base to Courmayeur, a small town tucked in the mountains.
Ms. Allan studied to be a graphic artist at the School of Visual Arts in New York, later spending several years in the graphic art, interior design and gallery businesses in New York.
After a college reduces its carbon emissions as much as possible, it can then develop a strategy for offsetting the greenhouses gases it is still putting into the atmosphere.
(Danny Errico, founder of Equinox Fitness Clubs, is one of the partners.)
Memorial January 20, 2006, 1:30PM, NY Society for Ethical Culture, 2 West 64th St.
The Afghan police fired in the air at first but then shot at the protesters, he said.
We drink in the latest gossip about who's up or down in Washington or the latest account of the Iraq war gone awry, but a decade or two down the road, such information will be subsumed in works of history.
"It does get discouraging," Joan Curtin acknowledges.
An Onion-Lover’s Delight: Armor for the Eyes You no longer have to be afraid of thiopropanal sulfoxide, the irritant that is released when you cut an onion.
Thomas Jefferson ’s “Notes on the State of Virginia” — a collection of local observations and global musings issued quietly in Paris in 1785, when Jefferson was serving as a diplomat — had been reprinted in New York three years earlier.
"They don't ever let a week go by that they don't contact you, not just to say you are coming up on a refill of your drug but just to say, 'How are you feeling?'
"With 'Syriana,' 'Good Night, and Good Luck' and 'The Constant Gardener,' some people are saying it is almost a 70's revival in terms of political movies," said Rachel Weisz, who won for her supporting role in "Gardener."
"A former girlfriend of mine had an abortion," he said Wednesday on the floor of Parliament.
His mother is on the board of the American Cancer Society’s Ohio north regional office.
A true lady, a gorgeous woman with a great heart, wonderful friend, artist.
Once again, Mayor Sharpe James won the top spot, just as he did in 2002.
In the spirit of “every little thing can help,” I have a modest suggestion to reverse the trend: enact a tax on drive-through food orders.
As Emma Matesky, a 15-year-old freshman, smilingly explained, pointing to her head: "We're literally up to here with this."
Franklin left England, after living there for nearly 16 years, when Parliament publicly reprimanded him for his role in the Hutchinson affair, and further diplomatic efforts seemed futile.
Schools and other institutions seldom operate round the clock, seven days a week, which is especially an issue for students, said Andy Carvin, coordinator for the Digital Divide Network, an international group that seeks to close the gap.
When Mr. Skilling denied certain charges, he did it with an emphatic "absolutely not," which he used 29 times through Wednesday, according to trial transcripts.
After France fell to the Germans in 1940, Mr. Clostermann heeded de Gaulle's call for the French to continue the fight on the side of the Allies.
How she finds herself in an apartment created by David Netto, a young turk of interior design, is an unlikely story turning on another woman’s bad luck, and on a happy accident.
But that in no way casts it in the same pit as Mr. Frey's fairy tale, where events were seemingly concocted with impunity.
The easy-to-use puffs come in individual packets.
"Instead, they believed that only love and passion could bring them fertility, and therefore praised pleasures."
He continues: "United has Ted.
Then, after we have danced wild, the Hot 8 Brass Band plays "Just a Closer Walk With Thee": Daily walking close to Thee/Let it be, dear Lord, let it be.
Photo: Relatives gathered under a mourning tent in the Sadr City area of Baghdad for Zainub Kareem, a 26-year-old student who was killed on Thursday by unknown gunmen outside her university in the northern part of the city.
The book doesn't pretend to be balanced.
The idea never made its way out of the agency.
(They have also added dozens of period drawings and contemporary photographs, whereas the originals were not illustrated.)
But now, spring break has become a stage for increasingly expensive and sophisticated advertising campaigns.
Mr. Sonsini has said that his direct involvement in helping the board trace news leaks was limited to interviews with directors in early 2005.
Phrasing, both in the purely orchestral sections and in the choral singing, was often sharply clipped.
Customers can bring their own wine or beer (no hard liquor allowed), and reservations are suggested.
Probably the last time the Cubans did it.
I am certain that the answer has nothing to do with the food or its price.
Despite Gina's assurances, I continued to hear Marilyn singing until I walked into the next room and met the familiar sound of Jerry Garcia and the Grateful Dead.
Canon Williams was named honorary canon of the cathedral in Gaborone, Botswana, for his support of African liberation movements.
So unravels the bizarre mystery of Newark’s first Internet attack ad.
It also limits copy protection measures, the government said.
"What happens in Estonia stays in Estonia."
Announcements about corporate profits (or lack thereof), a change in management, rumors of a merger, even the weather.
The Department of Defense has identified 2,810 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war.
"You know," she added, chuckling, "the machinations of Washington are known to Washington -- it's a very political process.
A judge said he would remove the Green Party candidate for Senate from the November ballot because the party did not have enough valid signatures in its nominating petitions.
Schumann's blunt, tight orchestration does not flatter this exceptional orchestra.
Florence has the Renaissance; Turin claims Italy's contemporary art crown.
Yesterday afternoon, instead of celebrating the building's anniversary, residents and staff workers at St. Brendan's, which is affiliated with Catholic Charities, mourned.
“Celebrity trumps ideology,” Al Franken says in the new documentary that bears both his name and God’s.
China has taken that approach with many of its summer sports, but it still prefers its niches in the winter.
As the full scope of what the plotters had in mind became clear, black people by the hundreds left the city, taking their ideas and commercial energies elsewhere.
If the first Christians had not been radically transformed by the Resurrection -- if Jesus had simply been a passing mystical figure amid the theological turbulence of the Judaism of the day -- then you and I would not be thinking about or reading about Jesus at all.
A team official said Thomas was home with the flu.
"And I am one of them."
Jeb Bush of Florida and Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg called on Congress yesterday to make changes in the federal No Child Left Behind Act of 2002, which is up for reauthorization by January.
Acted to the hilt by a first-rate company under the direction of Peter DuBois, this tirelessly ribald comedy will tickle, offend or simply bore in measures that will vary according to your taste for blatantly vulgar sexual comedy (2:30).
ANTIVIRUS SOFTWARE AOL’s free security suite for Windows offers both real-time virus protection and virus scanning (it’s based on McAfee’s software).
A block west takes guests to the newly renovated Mercat Santa Catarina and a five-minute walk toward the ocean puts them in the bustling heart of Born.
In all, four children under the age of 5 got into the ambulance, along with the 11 year-old boy.
The Iranian move came in defiance of unusual separate messages delivered to the Tehran government over the weekend by Russia and China, as well as the United States, Britain and France.
The fiction of international intrigue?
Instead, they are listed as lump sums to be divided later in secret by the three men who control state government: Governor Pataki, a Republican; Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, a Democrat, and Senator Bruno, the Republican majority leader.
Frances Bingham Bolton, a daughter of Julia Sayers Bolton and Charles P. Bolton of Mentor, Ohio, was married yesterday to Patrick Storm Wilmerding, a son of Elsie Storm Wilmerding and Patrick R. Wilmerding of Chestnut Hill, Mass.
And then, just like that, it was gone, like a game-turning home run.
10* 12 2 LABYRINTH, by Kate Mosse.
He said he left that meeting with the understanding that "their needs are desperate."
Expressions of sympathy may be sent to the home of Mr. and Mrs. Jeffrey Berg, 2 Kakiak Court, New City, NY 10956.
It now indicates taking troops into action by helicopter, rather than the widespread and often indiscriminately destructive firing of missiles or dropping of bombs from aircraft.
In May 2001, she left a drug injector in her hotel room with what she allegedly said was a "thousand dollars' worth of growth hormone in it."
Note, though, that all of that speed is available only when you're using programs that have been revised to work with the Intel chip -- so-called Universal programs.
"I think Director Negroponte has battles to fight within the bureaucracy, and particularly with the Department of Defense," Ms. Collins said.
Plus 450 and 790 gave the Radin team 15 imps en route to the title.
For the purpose of this exhibition, Surrealism isn't circumscribed by date.
But if the dubbing draws even a few more spectators, adults or children, into the Miyazaki tent, the compromise is worth it.
The show will present about 300 artifacts, documents, drawings, maps and other images in a sequel to last year's exhibition "Slavery in New York," which drew 175,000 visitors.
It carries a dishonesty disclaimer that says, in part, "Some of the events described happened as related; others were expanded and changed."
American commentators began using "chattering class" routinely in the 1990's to describe dismissively critics in both parties.
But just as flat-panel television prices have significantly fallen in the last year, so have the costs of putting a home's operations under a fingertip's control, many home automation makers and installers say.
Sunday at noon: Americana from the collection of Diane and Norman Bernstein at the Lindens in Washington.
The 20 overlapping sets often left an aftertaste of "better in theory," "glad I could tick that off my list" or simply "whatever."
The woman Mr. Trump had envisioned as a brisk bookend to George Ross, a savvy septuagenarian real estate lawyer who also helps decide the fate of contestants, was fast becoming her own brand.
After Hurricane Katrina, with no power for its freezers, 32 million pounds of chicken rotted in the waterside warehouse of the shipping company, and the reek was detectable from a mile away.
This fear is heightened for doctors, she explains, by the fact that nurses also have a legal duty to report abortion crimes but are often confused about their obligation of confidentiality.
Nearly three weeks ago the police raided a villa owned by the Getty's former antiquities curator, Marion True, on Paros, an island near Skhoinousa, and removed more than a dozen antiquities that had not been registered with the authorities.
As global-warming pollution has increased, temperatures have climbed, especially in the Arctic.
Important ambassadors of French culture like Charles Boyer and Pepé le Pew reassured Americans that the French spent every waking hour refining their joie de vivre and savoir-faire.
Fescues are slow growers, and they are moderately drought-tolerant and pest-resistant, so they do well as low-maintenance lawns.
Told of that statement, Mr. Curran said, "That Reich would admit that a different policy was in effect totally vindicates my suspicions, as well as confirms what an amateur crowd was in charge in Washington."
(Brantley) * 'SWEENEY TODD' Sweet dreams, New York.
Instead, as Mr. Louie had hoped when he started the site, the Dylan Pool has evolved into a community, with get-togethers at concerts and humming discussion boards.
Eat right away or refrigerate for up to 2 days.
Sometimes internal political issues prevail."
Her stories bristle with names and family connections, with the contents of houses, purses, steamer trunks and cars.
“There is no sense of wanting to defend the Bush administration right now.” Historians argue that losing control of the House and the Senate in 1994 had its benefits for Mr. Clinton.
For decades, it has been blended into an ointment by pharmacists and used as a topical treatment for a cancer called cutaneous T-cell lymphoma, a form of cancer that mainly affects the skin.
But Jamie Masada, who owns the Manhattan comedy club where Sergeant Feder gave the performance that landed him in trouble, said that the public was clearly sophisticated enough to recognize when comedians are trying to wield offensiveness as an art form.
The lack of a tourist infrastructure seems only to have made the place more endearing to surf aficionados and travelers fleeing the overpampered experience at resorts with infinity pools, aromatherapy and Evian spray canisters.
On the other side, Progress for America, a group with close ties to the Republican Party and the White House, said it would spend almost $250,000 on a national television advertising campaign that would call Democrats "shameful" for their attacks on Judge Alito.
Still, there's some action, mostly near Banja beach.
"We wouldn't have nearly enough troops to quell the violence at that point.
Like Dials, he is also a senior, and their fierce individual match was a game within a game.
State Representative Steven Mikutel, whose district includes Voluntown, said that a town could not hold a raffle or award cash prizes.
The board and staff of the Edna McConnell Clark Foundation mourn the passing of our beloved friend and founding trustee, Hays Clark.
“Personality conflicts” top the list of concerns for venture capitalists when it comes to their relationships with chief executives.
From the time they pulled up, got the things down from the attic and left, it couldn't have been more than 10 minutes."
Of course, we've seen this kind of faux-documentary form used brilliantly before in movies like "Waiting for Guffman" or television shows like "The Office."
In the final two essays, written specifically for this book, Giddins pays tribute to the Swiss playwright and novelist Friedrich Dürrenmat and the Jewish novelist Soma Morgenstern.
But Mr. Coleman and Mr. Bridges seem much more sinned against than sinning.
Written and illustrated by Emily Arnold McCully.
They urged the company to alert doctors about the potential of the device, the Prizm 2 DR, to short-circuit.
One thing that Mali is not short of is Malian art.
Mr. McHale's building was bought last winter by a company called the 46th Street Development Corporation, which plans to build a condominium, he said.
“Cali girl’s got issues,” she said apologetically.
"That's what people think, that it's all about Kobe scoring 40 or 50, because he's done it so many times.
Dave Burstein, the editor of DSL Prime, an industry newsletter, said that San Diego, like many American cities, has cable providers and the phone company competing for broadband subscribers.
He talked about traveling with Mr. Romano, who is a bit of a neurotic, and how Mr. Romano almost didn't go to the Emmys the year he won.
Each encompasses the fast-growing exurbs coveted by both parties.
Mr. Kaufman made special arrangements for Mr. Lee to take college correspondence courses, spent his lunch hours tutoring him and then proctored each of the three-hour exams from Excelsior College.
But she wanted to maintain some lightness and lyricism in her voice as she soldiered on with the weighty Wagner repertory that the international opera world depended upon her to sing.
The woman had been stabbed in the chest and neck and her body was burned, said Ellen Borakove, a spokeswoman for the medical examiner's office, which conducted an autopsy yesterday.
Clip these articles and create a card game involving fun facts about famous athletes.
The answer to such superficiality is not to resurrect the spirit of Robert Moses.
Attended Exeter Academy and Yale University, Class of 56.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
At the beginning of this month, her death was followed by that of a 23-year-old manicurist, and a full-fledged media frenzy was on, with articles and television programs speculating that Brazil's obsession with physical beauty was getting out of hand.
“But Pittsburgh’s kind of like an eddy.
Mr. Vanhanen gave Turkey until Dec. 6.
Microsoft lawyers claimed that the ruling last year by the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in favor of AT&T "threatens to impose massive liability on U.S. software companies" and could prompt companies to move their research facilities out of the country.
Mr. Villaraigosa, who has no authority over the jails, said he would seek to cool tempers in his visit.
There's even a portable, duplicate registry on board.
Cognitive behavioral therapy, which emphasizes patterns of thinking, is especially effective in such cases.
President Thabo Mbeki ordered the current deputy president, Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka, to oversee a cabinet-level review of AIDS policies in September, saying the AIDS crisis “is bigger than any individual, minister or department.” Soon afterward, Dr. Tshabalala-Msimang entered a hospital for a respiratory infection, and little has been heard from her since.
“It is funny, I have no recollection of either you or Joanne,” Kat sweetly says, “but you really sound like people I would hate.” Her sweeter, dizzier sister, Lina (Heather Goldenhersh), persuades Kat to go to the reunion with her, hoping to meet single men.
Asked why, he replied that he would then be No.
ANNANDALE-ON-HUDSON -- Czech Nonet, classical.
More than a century later, Moreau's donation remains one of the most unusual attractions in Paris.
Simon Cowell, the toughest of the three judges, said he had liked Brenna better when she sang more passionate songs.
It has not imposed reasonable safety requirements on chemical plants, one of the nation's greatest points of vulnerability, or on the transport of toxic materials.
Further, she predicted that soy oils containing the omega-3 fatty acids would be unstable, making them hard to use in fried foods.
Loving mother of Richard, Laura, and Mark.
Mr. Waldbauer died of a heart attack on Nov. 3.
Slaughter noted, because “you can’t find a house in those places for less than $700,000 or $800,000, or more in the case of New York.” In East Orange, Mr.
When the Sixers took a timeout in an attempt to shift the momentum, many of the 15,683 fans began to boo.
To generate that kind of heat, the melter needs a lot of low-sulfur fuel.
Our fond memories of great times spent together will not be forgotten.
In many cases, former prisoners said they had been denounced by village enemies or arrested by the local police after demanding bribes they could not pay.
While poetry’s best-known subterranean has been recharging his essence underground, aboveground America has returned to form by joining another colossal global conflict of the sort he made his name lamenting.
No charge Mondays and Tuesdays; other days 10 to 12 reais; closed Sundays.
That vaccine, Aidsvax, made by VaxGen, failed in a large trial that ended in 2003.
"He's just got a little blurry vision," said Ray Jr., who added that his son's spirits were great and that if it were up to him, he would play in the N.C.A.A.
When the album, "Eye to the Telescope" (Virgin), was released in the United States early this year, it came with a major promotional campaign.
My mentor was my first boss, whom I met in 1974, when I was 22 and right out of the University of Miami.
Dr. Atala leaves the job of getting the bladder replacements to the clinic to Tengion, a company established in 2003 that was his institute’s first corporate partner.
One suspects that were such readers to open Flanagan's essay collection, "To Hell With All That," without knowing its provenance, they would page through it eagerly, nodding and sighing and chuckling to themselves.
The owner will be able to step off the boat for fine dining or for a massage.
There's the banjoist Vess Ossman, whose fleet-fingered renditions of cakewalks and rags reveal that rhythmically dynamic improvisation entered American music years before the rise of jazz.
So I think the lockout probably came at a good time for us."
"That is not correct," he said in the town of Khan Younis in the Gaza Strip, Reuters reported.
"I was proud that he stood up for himself," Frank said of Krstic.
"It's always been crowded," he said, "since the day I came in."
The court added that Mr. Strickland "stands charged with criminal assault in connection with injuries inflicted on" Haleigh.
(Tim Hortons shares will likely be priced between $25 and $27 apiece, up from $21 to $23 a share, the company said late Monday.)
"Big Love" is funny, but the joke is mostly on women: less sex and more laundry.
Here are recent recalls reported to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
The number of children who suffer from allergies has grown since the 1960's, although the rates seem to have hit a plateau.
But two 20-liter containers a week is nowhere enough for a family; the usual allotment in refugee camps is 15 liters daily per person.
FLIGHT IMPULSE: Mark Haddon’s new novel, “A Spot of Bother” — see No.
“Ives’s voice ... had the sheen and finesse of opera without its latter-day Puccinian vulgarities and without the pretensions of operatic ritual.
He said the implant did not cause any pain.
China has banned use of new land for luxury villas and will tighten scrutiny of soaring bank lending, expanding a campaign to rein in a building boom and cool off roaring economic growth, state media reported.
The insurgents have also often launched attacks on Shiites in efforts to foment sectarian conflict, and Ashura has been a special target in the past.
The guidelines, which are to be announced later this week by the Association of Art Museum Directors, are part of a continuing effort by the group to establish general principles for antiquities collecting by museums.
A celebration of Trinkett's life will be held at Johnson Chapel at Amherst College on November 13, 2006 at 4 pm.
Against Salton, West tried a sneak heart attack.
The latest attacks added to a general sense of anxiety, both inside and outside the government, over challenges facing the Arab world's most populated country.
Kindred sees Cosell, warts and all, with the clear eyes of a trained observer -- and no man had more singular warts than Cosell.
This year, the Caledonian Hilton Edinburgh on Princes Street ( www.hilton.com , 44-131-222-8888), is offering castle-view luxury suites for two people at £710, including a seven-course Scottish dinner at its New Year’s Eve ball in the Castle Lounge, which also overlooks the fireworks, as well as a full Scottish breakfast.
At the end of a fact-finding trip last week, Mr. Schumer told reporters he was no longer sure he would push for a vote to impose tariffs on Chinese imports into the United States.
A long time member of St. Joseph's Church and St. Christopher's Church.
Tasting Report: California Sippin' Freeman Sonoma Coast Heintz Ranch 2003 $40 *** Big, rich, deep and very ripe; California style, but not over the top.
He was a tireless and authoritative advocate for the cause of affordable housing.
In other ways, though, the Chinese are still figuring cars out and doing things their way.
In this atmosphere, work like that of Dr. Raabe’s team deserves to be appropriately summarized sooner rather than later.
"Can you imagine a child going up to his parents and saying, 'I'm talking to an angel,' or 'I'm talking to someone who's deceased'?"
Still, he allows himself a few perks of the newly rich: a big house in Los Angeles, a $1 million McLaren F1 sports car, and a Dassault Falcon 900 business jet, which he sometimes uses to ferry his staff to the Marshall Islands.
Those speaking about the company’s review would do so only if they were not identified.
The Lufthansa program is one of several new or evolving plans developed in recognition that the usual airline loyalty programs, even at the gold or platinum level, may not be enough for the extreme air traveler.
From the point of view of the public space, their most ambitious project was the Manhattan approach to the Manhattan Bridge, designed in the early 1910s.
"It's important he knows what I want to get accomplished in spring training so I can carry it into the season.
That outpouring of money into hedge funds mirrors another trend in hedge-fund land: that institutions like pension funds and endowments continue to dump money into the sector.
JCC Association mourns the tragic and sudden passing of Andrea Bronfman.
"From past experience, we can estimate the number of new riders a new train will generate, which means new revenue."
At right, a prisoner in a police station threatened to kill a hostage, next to other hostages who were tied up.
Photo: Carlos Beltrán hit a two-run homer in the first inning as the Mets beat the Phillies, 11-5.
Although everyone is now trying to lower the temperature, the dispute speaks to some serious, underlying issues.
Officials briefed on the proposal said no additional costs were expected.
The other lens is just like the zoom lens in a normal camera.
" But, Ms. Seaward said, "she called me back the next day and said, 'Upon further review, we have had her shut her site to make it private.'
Soon the two are joyfully frolicking together, the girlfriend long forgotten.
The problem with you Hollywood people is you always want to change things and you ruin everything."
Mr. Bell has spent 39 years in advertising.
"You're the point of the spear, and no one's going to be there to make decisions for you," she said.
The kindergartner's parents, Joanne and Kenley Peck, were represented by Liberty Counsel, a legal organization based in Maitland, Fla., that describes itself on its Web site as committed to "restoring the culture one case at a time."
It is published annually by Hersam Acorn Newspapers as a special section of The Lewisboro Ledger.
Yates realizes he must regain the sensitivity he abandoned in his youth or face a life of nihilism.
Cherished grandmother of Jodi Billet and her husband Bradford, Matthew Friedman and his wife Kayo, Jared Pava and Ryan Drexler and great grandmother of Samantha, Tyler and Rachael.
Like other Microsoft executives, Mr. Goldberg bristles at the notion that little innovative work has come out of the Windows group since XP.
The locutions of one of her fellow inmates convey her spooky flair for language: "Warren says, when he is angry, that he's as mad as all outdoors.
But Roethlisberger was rarely harassed, sometimes taking his time to find open receivers downfield, sometimes zipping the ball quickly after the snap.
Mr. Friedman is survived by his adored wife of 55 years, Frances, of Kent, two sons and daughters-in-law, Ken and Sari of Syosset, NY, and Jeff and Valerie of Orlando, FL, and three granddaughters, Andrea, Deborah and Alexandra.
"There are 10 times the number of people looking for plants," Mr. Nievera said.
Clunky industrial shapes that have not changed in decades, bland white plastics and teddy bear motifs simply clash with granite countertops and a stainless steel coffee machine, Mr. Diamant said.
Feb. 19 through March 30.
He was passionate about his family, stocks, the Brooklyn Dodgers and horse racing.
Brother of the late Herbert Mark.
Dozens of the world’s biggest media moguls and investment bankers, dressed in perfectly pressed suits, mingled in the lobby of the Pierre Hotel in Manhattan yesterday at the annual FourSquare conference.
Mr. Shreve, 34, is a communications consultant in Washington for nonprofit organizations.
Its stock fell $1.19, to $2.76 a share.
Museums and Galleries ALBERTSON -- "Art in January," presented by the Manhasset Art Association.
May he now enjoy the peace and prosperity that a life of success and struggle did not provide.
The rest of the cities — like New York and Washington — tended to lie somewhere in between.)
Travelocity, which has offered a database of gay-friendly hotels for about a year at Travelocity.com/gaytravel , recently updated the site to include properties certified by Community Marketing, a gay-tourism marketing company.
"It's the first time we've experienced this," said Mr. Brodesser's father, Hans, as his wife, Sigrid, was coaxed toward the center of the dancing women.
"It's newly renovated and it's gorgeous," not to mention twice as big as the Yorktown Stage, said Dan Montez, general director of the opera.
I recommend a long, lingering appreciation of "The Bowery" (1930), Marsh's atmospheric evocation of bums at night along the Bowery, or any of his classically inspired beach scenes at Coney Island and Atlantic City.
In addition to shelves filled with groceries from around the world, the store has an aging room for beef, a kosher butcher on the premises, bakeries for breads and bagels, a fresh fish department and an organic section.
Some of Mr. Richie's best-known songs were receiving heavy play on United States radio at the time the raids were authorized.
At this stage, the impact of the CW network on NBC Universal is uncertain, Mr. Schlosser said: "The CW sure shook up our industry, but we'll see if it changes anything in the weeks and months to come."
And at the end she enacted the grand tragedy with conviction.
Now wine fever has swept much of the 300-mile mother lode.
And while repeated mentions of the distant sound of the "breaking string" at the conclusion of "The Cherry Orchard" do little to advance the solution of the murder mystery, the Chekhovian echo brilliantly captures the end-of-days significance of every sordid incident in this sprawling story.
The first half of "Body Brokers" unspools the case of the California crematorium owner Michael Brown.
WITH: Steve Cuiffo and Maggie Hoffman.
Maybe that will move the inventory piling up in cities across the country.
William H. Scholl died in March 2002.
They open conference play Saturday at home against Seton Hall.
At the eastern end of the north shore road, the Annaberg ruins offer a glimpse into the island's past (340-776-6201).
Mayer appeared in an Austrian court Tuesday and pleaded guilty to several minor charges relating to his arrest.
Russia will focus on smaller regional passenger jets with 100 seats, military craft and transport planes.
"It's a legitimate, authentic Cinderella story," he said.
Individuals can inject themselves with an oil that includes nandrolone, but that has not been a popular method for 20 years, Wadler said.
“In that respect, we’re living with nature in a way we’d rather not be.”
Interior Department officials say the Westlands and other contracts do not show favor to one group or the other and do not noticeably depart from the approach taken by the Clinton administration in dividing the water supplies.
Mr. Bell and other archaeologists have concluded that the pieces form a single set looted from a third century B.C.
Highlights include a live outdoor performance in the courtyard at El Museo del Barrio in Spanish Harlem on Thursday, featuring Pacha and the Hip Hop Hoodios, and a Friday night show at the Celebrate Brooklyn!
And Juliet Stevenson, who portrayed the seductive actress in the New York City Opera's production of "A Little Night Music," takes on a similar role in the National Theater's misbegotten re-imagining of Chekhov's "Seagull," in a streamlined adaptation by Martin Crimp directed by Katie Mitchell.
The patient's blood pressure was normal, and Nuernberg thought that she didn't look sick enough to have toxic shock.
secretary general, José Miguel Insulza, acknowledged the problems.
Some of the characters he portrays are rich and complicated — notably the master swordfish harpooner Franklyn d'Entremont, a cancer survivor who lives in the moment, spurns the murderous efficiency of long-lining and net-dragging, relies instead on his own quick arm and murderous eye, and says: "Years ago in the cancer ward, all I could think about was swordfishing—thank you, Lord."
The problem was that the recipes were in French, the measurements were in grams, and each lacked a method.
A song cycle by Paul Moravec, commissioned by NYFOS and dedicated to Anna's memory, will be premiered on April 11, at Merkin Hall.
But the effect was much more prominent in the over-50 group than in the younger subjects.
Add 2 cups of fried potatoes and cilantro, then cup sauce and stir until the potatoes are just coated.
CA says that both directors have helped turn around the company and that shareholders benefit from their services.
Ushering in an onslaught of genre movies in which black protagonists played leading roles in violent, urban crime dramas, "Shaft" was both a commercial blockbuster and a racial breakthrough.
In a statement the ministry said it was pursuing a partnership that would allow for future "collaboration in the areas of scholarship, conservation, archaeological investigation and exhibition planning."
With its worn stone floor and low ceiling, our room resembled a designer cave.
He is talking about starring in a film about the mid-life of Ernest Hemingway.
But in quiet moments of introspection I am becoming fixated on my life beyond this war, beyond this uniform.
Myler, a former Olympian, said Gatlin was mystified by the test result and did not know why he tested positive.
"A lot of people think computer animation is just on computers," Ms. Margulies said, "but there's a lot of paper and drawing and painting that goes into these films, and we wanted to introduce our audience to that."
'SCREWMACHINE/EYECANDY OR: HOW I LEARNED TO STOP WORRYING AND LOVE BIG BOB' Opens Sunday.
That month, Detroit had the highest unemployment rate, 6.8 percent, of any urban area in the nation except New Orleans, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
“So I snooped through his computer and found e-mails confirming that he’d dated and slept with at least one other girl,” reads an anonymous June post at ask.metafilter.com .
Alert readers may remember that EFF sued AT&T in January, alleging it illegally cooperated with the National Security Agency’s secret eavesdropping program.
We follow him through his training, his brief moments of liberty and the tedium of waiting for combat, until finally he hunkers down in a boat for the trip across the channel.
has competed head to head with Intel, for instance in chips for notebooks or servers, it has done well.
At the same time, the White House criticized the Syrian government for not protecting the embassies better.
On the other hand, Peru did have laws in force at the time governing archaeological finds, and its government in theory had ownership of any artifacts unearthed from Peruvian soil.
She calls him an "arch modernist."
Last week, the United Nations agreed to plan for an international force.
Add chopped onion mixture and sauté until softened, about 5 minutes.
MediSys continued to insist that it could not compel those doctors to join Oxford's network.
"What I do is make jokes and make people laugh.
In 1965 he published the first of his books for very young readers, "August Explains" (Harper & Row), the tale of a wise old bear who is very good at magic.
Because of errors in a news conference transcription by The Times, the article also gave incorrect titles for an executive at Christus Spohn Hospital in Corpus Christi, Tex., where Mr. Whittington is recovering.
Mr. Orel, a native of Greece, has published his work in magazines and pursued commercial photography for a living.
Mr. Barbera, with his partner, William Hanna, created a pantheon of beloved characters that included Tom and Jerry, the Flintstones and Yogi Bear and helped usher in television's first animated comedies.
If approved by the General Assembly, the arrangement will end a 10year search for updated space that has caused the United Nations to consider everything from housing on cruise ships to a move to Brooklyn.
At present, Israel allows 5,000 workers to cross daily, all at Erez.
The lobby, however, is reserved for the private collection of the hotel's two owners, Ira Drukier and Richard Born.
They make up only a tiny slice of American manufactured exports to China, which grew more than 20 percent last year, to $32.5 billion.
When an escaped fictional character returns to his book, the reader Meggie is trapped there too; a sequel to "Inkheart."
Here was General David Sloane Stanley, nearly 30 years after the war, responding to the story that he had once split a Confederate soldier nearly in two with his saber ("One doesn't like to think of those things.").
The New York venture capital firm Bessemer Venture Partners is investing $4 million to help Wikia expand its Wikicities operation.
And then they revise it.
The change of tense from past to future is what might turn the interrogator from villain to hero.
Caption information is provided below.
ALL of it begins, of course, with "America Idol," which, in its fifth incarnation on Fox, is reaching more than 30 million viewers each night it is on, and in the process is doing to the rest of television what Sherman did to Georgia.
And one customer who ordered a test from NeuroMark in May did not receive a test until mid-August, despite numerous e-mailed promises from the company.
He cited an academic study from 2002 by Ivan E. Brick, Oded Palmon and John K. Wald at Rutgers Business School in Newark and New Brunswick, which concluded that excessive executive pay was associated with ineffective "monitoring" by directors, or "cronyism."
"We want to make that place the hot spot that it used to be," he said.
Well, and there you have the plot.
As Mrs. Clinton skipped from discussing one global hot spot to another, she was consistently critical of the Bush administration.
With a father in the Air Force, she moved a lot as a child and recalls her "first taste of prejudice" as a third grader in Greenville, S.C., in the 1960's.
Colonel Russell credited Ms. deVarennes with bringing the problems to his attention.
Between them they have an idea of what it takes to win.
IRVINGTON -- Works by Carol Edelson.
It’s easy to forget now, but in the 1970s there were twice as many murders and robberies in New York City as today.
He worked tirelessly over many years to promote his vision of a democratic United Nations federation.
He would not specify which they were, but public officials in Missouri, Tennessee, Arizona and about a dozen additional counties in California, Texas and North Carolina have publicly expressed interest in the program.
In recent years, psychiatrists have begun to diagnose the disorder in extremely agitated, often aggressive children with mood swings — short surges of grandiosity or irritation that alternate with periods of despair.
Her sister, Shuk Tse, 47, and Ms. Tse's sons Kevin Kwan, 16, and Douglas Jiang, 10, were killed March 17 after she stopped her minivan in the right lane on the Thruway to check on a tire, and a tanker truck rear-ended them.
These women need the drug intervention that can help prevent H.I.V.
The Board, musicians and staff of the Queens Symphony Orchestra express our deepest sorrow at the passing of Leon Levy, the beloved husband of our esteemed Board and Executive Committee member, Elsi Levy, and extend our heartfelt sympathy to Elsi and the entire family.
"If the issues in 2008 are the war on terror and leadership, Rudy scores a 10," said Vincent A. LaPadula, who was an official in the Giuliani and Bloomberg administrations and is now an investment banker.
To try to save face, Microsoft executives pointed out that they had saved a copy of the deleted blog postings and sent them to Zhao.
As "The Last Season" reveals, in steroid-enhanced versions of points that might shape a magazine article, there were obvious factors contributing to Randy's discouragement.
Created in 1925 by AT&T as a research subsidiary, Bell Labs has helped develop a wide range of commercial and military technologies, from the transistor to ballistic missiles.
Despite the questions hanging over the first count, Mr. Prodi spent Wednesday as if it was final — and as if Mr. Berlusconi's long dominance of Italian politics was over.
has even reported a recent case of mask censorship.
The English-language channel has been filling out its staff with Arab and Muslim journalists, but even so, the complaints continue.
Boone Dog Cafe, 35 Main Street.
Mr. Scorsese, no wallflower himself, spends a lot of time vying for attention with his famous star.
His father is the general secretary of Piraeus, Greece, a mayoral appointment.
Mammals, too, can renew damaged parts of their body.
Neither Mayor John M. Fabrizi of Bridgeport nor Mayor John DeStefano Jr. of New Haven said he was concerned about Motiva.
There's always something going on.
In the moral arc of history, abortion was a step forward from infanticide.
The exhibition has been organized by the Cooper-Hewitt curators Barbara Bloemink, Ellen Lupton and Matilda McQuaid and a guest, Brooke Hodge, a curator at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles.
But in response to requests from the Securities and Exchange Commission, the exchange later agreed to alter the board to require five independent directors with no affiliation to the NYSE Group.
On Tuesday, a Congressional committee said it was investigating whether virtual assets and incomes should be taxed.
By the end, he's accumulated a stock of reflections and insights that are breathtakingly banal.
She has two master’s degrees from Oxford University in England, one in mathematics and one in philosophy.
Dean and Lynn Mitchell, whose son David competes with Loren Galler-Rabinowitz, made the request in an e-mail message to Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, Democrat of New York, and Representative James T. Walsh, Republican of New York.
He has outsoared the shadow of our night.
The seller was Clarence Mackay, a mining magnate, former trustee and the unwilling father-in-law of Irving Berlin who had suffered some reversals in the stock market crash.
William Augustus Jones Jr. was born on Feb. 24, 1934, in Louisville, Ky.
Separated from Russia by the vast Kazakhstan steppe, straddled by mountains that stretch from Afghanistan's Hindu Kush, all the way to China and the Himalayas, the region is home to the Silk Road cities of Samarkand, Tashkent, Dushanbe and Bukhara.
At the Place de l'Horloge, Avignon's lively central square, you'll find cafes, a majestic city hall and an antique merry-go-round, the Carrousel Belle Époque (33-4-90-86-48-04), which cost 2 euros ($2.48, at $1.24 to the euro) a ride and operates between 1 p.m. and 8 p.m. CULTURE Once the home of the artists Jean and Paulette Angladon-Dubrujeaud, the Musée Angladon (5, rue Laboureur; 33-4-90-82-29-03; www.angladon.com) is small enough for young children to walk through without difficulty, and offers a glimpse at what was once the artists' studio and bedroom.
“Where I am, I can just do with what I have and survive.” To find new farmers, the Greenmarket grows its own with an incubator program that helps people who have some agricultural experience work their own land.
Maybe these movies are escapist fantasies for our troubled times, just as the Astaire-Rogers musicals and the screwball comedies of the 30’s were for their times.
Displaced people are living in our home now.
They include a skull, center, a wild boar, to the right of the skull, and a heart.
The family lived in back, even after some of the sons had wives and children of their own.
Here’s what I did: ... I’ve got like a three-year-old son — the first time he’s going to be trick-or-treating — and I went out and I bought him what I thought was a great — I bought him a Shiite costume.
But while the 1980's is a trend this season, it didn't loom heavily over the Missoni show.
Black, Hispanic and some foreign-born women are at higher risk, though rates have dropped precipitously among blacks.
For service information or to sign an on-line guest book, please visit www.
Donald Siler had come up with the idea of stealing the car and enlisted his brother and cousin to help, the police said.
It's a much less bullish story than the monthly employment report suggests on its own.
But that owner could realize $24,000 in rental income if he or she received a 40 percent share on a room that rents for $300 a night 200 days a year.
Unlike the mower, nothing can be seen of its workings.
It is helping pay for a $650,000 safety review by a Swedish government institute at the behest of the relatively new nonprofit group, the International Consortium for Fire Safety, Health and the Environment.
The ruling is the latest twist in a more-than-decade-long court battle over state aid for New York City schools.
"I think they'll be a good team," said the rival driver Kasey Kahne, "but it's going to take a while to get there."
THE BOTTOM LINE For travelers who want a taste of the soft life in a harsh desert, this is the place.
Brady invariably excelled in the postseason, noted for his cool efficiency.
Athletes who constantly dealt with twisted ankles and pulled hamstrings grappled with injuries beyond their comprehension.
Straka was called for a penalty that led to a goal.
After all, she figures, if she ever really settled in, it would be just about impossible to get up and move someplace else.
"Blues tell a story," Mr. Walker, a 49-year-old blues guitarist, singer, songwriter and storyteller from East Northport, told the honors students at M.S.
The Israelis, he said, have "killed Palestinian women, destroyed their homes, taken their land and materials and made them into refugees," while Palestinians lack the military means to fight back.
But it will take longer for them to get back tourists from Europe and the U.S.” Mr. Mathews of Ecosign said his proposed mountain resorts were also primarily aimed at the Arab market, and he was positive about the future.
It was Mr. Stewart who found an ad in The New Yorker for the Iron Shop in Broomall, Pa., which was willing to build their design with a second railing on the back side, below the treads, so that you cannot walk into the staircase accidentally and gash your head.
I mean, that doesn't come from Columbus or 'The Godfather' or Chef Boyardee."
Most of their work on Trowbridge Farm is finally done.
Ms. Dam's contribution to the literature of shoe-shopping is an entirely fashion-obsessed bonbon.
The range spans wonderful early paintings and icons, like a panel by the youthful El Greco; examples of domestic crafts practiced by Greek women; jewelry and church ornaments; and maps and charts.
Delta and Alitalia each offer nonstop flights from Kennedy Airport to Rome from $547 a person.
The Big East men's tournament beginning today may be a display of might and excess unlike anything ever seen in college basketball.
The first time the Meran Variation of the Slav Defense was used, by Akiba Rubinstein against Ernst Grünfeld, two of the foremost theoreticians of the day, in the Meran Tournament of 1924, Rubinstein showed its great promise.
He admits that Welles was never cut out for Hollywood and that his most fulfilling work may well have come in later years as a voluntary exile.
"I just felt very empty out there; all of a sudden," Clijsters said.
In Minnesota, where the walleye is the state fish, Mille Lacs is perhaps the best walleye lake of all.
“Given the legacy of psychosurgery, and that states of unconsciousness, like the vegetative state, can be so contentious, we have to be very concerned about ethical issues” like informed consent, said Dr. Joseph J. Fins, chief of medical ethics at Cornell and an author of the study.
There has been much clamor in the nearly four weeks since reports declared that James Frey's best seller, "A Million Little Pieces," is, in good measure, a work of fiction that, as a promotional ploy, disguised itself as a memoir.
The case was settled out of court.
One corner of the building was sinking.
Those who are innocent, we'll release them."
At former Decca studios, which the house rents for rehearsal space, Ian Judge, the director, was preparing Ralph Vaughan Williams's rarely performed "Sir John in Love."
In addition, while people may not be getting bigger, contemporary art certainly is.
Innovation has come back with a different twist.
BUT above all, self-censorship is bad for the United States itself.
Similarly, pulpo a la Gallega — octopus, potatoes, olive oil, garlic — was authentic, which means terrific.
A number of dignitaries gathered to bluster about the great accomplishment.
Chairman, Department of Ophthalmology Saint Vincent Catholic Medical Centers of New York
She was a woman who exceeded her own advise: "Don't live down to expectations.
They won't have to, Mr. Barry said.
He was accompanied on this trip by his pretty 24-year-old daughter, Fan Longyin, who was recently back from film school in France.
Russia is still excluded from some of the group's financial meetings.
Today there are more than 100 wineries in production, most of them family-run, and at least 20 of those quite worthwhile, where an intrepid sniff-and-swirler can turn up strikingly accomplished wines in every category.
When first-generation craftsmen retired or died, their children didn’t want to take over the business and the salumeri of the nation’s Little Italys and the wurst shops of the Little Bavarias closed.
In any case, resolve they do.
Their works can be seen on the cover and on the following pages.
Budget travelers without reservations, take heart: although the tourist board frowns on the practice, little old ladies still prowl the bus station to offer cheap rooms for the night, for as little as 60 kuna (about $10.60 at 5.89 kuna to the dollar).
So when Business 2.0 magazine asked them what kinds of businesses they would like to finance, “more than a few indignantly shot back, ‘Are you out of your mind?’ ” according to the magazine ( business2.com ).
Survivors straggled into the Superdome and the convention center, the refuges of last resort.
"Help yourself," Sal Munoz, a night-shift biologist at the Seattle Aquarium, told me one night this past fall, pointing to the huge 12-foot-high glass tank in which the subject of my specially arranged private encounter that evening resided: a 70-pound giant Pacific octopus named Achilles.
After bringing in a third party to witness the outburst, Mr. Kelly, a large-chested former rugby player, who said he "was not about to be intimidated by Pigozzi," threw him out.
The gallery, which was recently overtaken by Luren Jenison’s colorful yurt, shares Space 1026’s mantle of cool.
You need an inexpensive system that is easy to use, always within reach and easy to peruse.
Its crescendo had a sense of lift and motion; surrendering to it felt like being pulled downstream.
Patterson went 18-4 at two levels of the minors in 1976, throwing a no-hitter and promising George Steinbrenner, the principal owner, that he would win 300 games.
In the late 1960's, its population doubled as new artisans arrived.
He called himself a realist.
On the back is a number to call at the Department of Justice for information about the Americans With Disabilities Act.
"I was looking for a 427-cubic-inch, 435-horsepower Corvette, and there were a bunch of them all lined up together," said Roger Williams, of New Canaan, Conn. "I decided I would buy one on Friday, when prices were at least $30,000 less than the craziness of Saturday.
A departure from the team's zany tutorials on luminaries of the great American songbook, "A Swell Party" skips the biographical part to deliver songs both famous and obscure, in a delirious whoosh of lubricious exuberance.
He served on numerous boards, including the Metropolitan Presidents Organization, Restaurant Associates, Inc., the World Presidents' Organization Foundation, and the Berlin Airlift Memorial Foundation.
She graduated from Columbia and received a law degree from Cornell.
He seemed determined to counter the notion that the Haydn symphonies should sound homogenous, elegant and charming.
The Applebee's restaurant chain has its own birthday song.
In an e-mail message, Ivan Gazidis, the league's deputy commissioner, said the system was "not going to change overnight to accommodate the signing of one player."
"For us it works great," she said.
This small, focused show presents the work of a Sicilian master (about 1430-1479) regarded as the greatest painter to emerge from southern Italy in the 15th century.
In response, Mr. Macarthur of the Dermot Company said it would not be financially feasible for his company to include subsidized housing in the building.
To the Editor: Re "Step Right Up to the Anatomy Lesson," by Francis X. Clines (The City Life, April 10), about the farcical display of real human bodies currently on view in Manhattan: We have no way of knowing if people around the world, including those living under oppressive regimes, gave full informed consent to donate their bodies for this.
Last August, gunmen came to the home of one of the Iraqi workers, killing him and three others, according to an ex- employee.
In the interview, Mr. Knoop outlined the origin and execution of the scheme, which he said was motivated initially by his and Ms. Albert's shared desire to have their artistic work — his music and her writing — acknowledged by a wider audience.
"I submitted the names of the torturers to the attorney general, but until now there's no permission even to pursue the case, and no answer," she said, and laughed.
titles by starting four black players -- it was just that an all-black starting team threatened 1960's America.
Seems he’s awoken to the notion of temperament: what works for some children simply doesn’t work for others.
While he has done some interviews and made speeches since Enron's collapse, he has not given sworn statements that could be used to impeach his testimony.
"I feel very glad that students who oppose the event are voicing their opposition and engaging in the dialogue," said Sakib Khan, 21, a Muslim Students Organization member who helped arrange the lecture.
“We don’t do them, though,” said Vicente Caballero, 53, a Brooklyn Manor resident.
"I never even had an insulting offer."
As attorney general, John Ashcroft decided that Oregon's law allowing physician-assisted suicide violated the federal Controlled Substances Act because he didn't consider this use of drugs to be a "legitimate medical purpose."
In his column on Thursday, MarketWatch’s David Weidner wrote that “Paulson, who must be hiding in a rainforest somewhere, is only telling part of the story.
But Mota won the match.
Here are some ideas: KEEP UP ON NEW RULES AND REGULATIONS -- Thanks to recent tax law changes, the annual federal limit on 401(k) contributions has been creeping higher.
But his position has remained unchanged from the first day of training camp, when Jagr said he was ambivalent about the idea of succeeding Messier as the Rangers' captain.
Indeed, the head of Morgan Stanley in India has recently left and the head of operations in China may leave as well.
But it would be equally unfair to call the playing cold and removed.
But now there are Many Hands Blankies, machine-quilted covers designed by Bill Kerr and Weeks Ringle that are soft and machine-washable.
But Mr. Strait said the Synapse report could help turn the tide.
The two others are senior Army Reserve officers who have been released on bail.
At last year's Paris Air Show, the airlines ordered about 150 planes, a huge number from a single country.
We will deeply miss him and continue his legacy.
He lived in Huntington, NY then retired to Punta Gorda, FL.
The official Korean Central News Agency blamed the postponement on the failure of the two Koreas to reach a military agreement on operation of the trains.
And have some of us gone from sweetly doting patrons to slightly deranged supplicants?
Then came the ad-libs: furious, wordless wails that could almost have been shouts of ecstasy.
I've never been to Las Vegas, but it seemed a little like overkill to me.
One of the teenagers told investigators that the plane was carrying six people, through when rescuers got to the plane only four people were found on board, according to a Federal Aviation Administration official.
In that sense, then, "Michelangelo Drawings: Closer to the Master," which runs here through June 25, achieves what the artist apparently hoped to avoid: by displaying 90 of the 600 or so surviving sheets of drawings and sketches, the show provides remarkable insight into the way he worked over a career lasting more than six decades.
A buyer is in contract.
He wrote his master's thesis at the Leipzig academy on West German abstract painters of the 1950's, discussing works -- "abstract painting, which is primarily color," he says -- that he was unable to see except in "shabby black-and-white reproductions."
Its practitioners were mostly painters, some very well known, who also made prints: more affordable than paintings and things of beauty in their own right.
(Village Wine Imports, New York) Louis Jadot Chambolle-Musigny 2003 $48 **½ Lush and fruity, with ripe flavors bordering on jammy.
I can’t blame the jury.” But Mr. Bacanovic, who was convicted on two charges of not telling the truth to investigators, still seems troubled by the verdict.
To make his location stand out, he took advantage of his patio.
"This man will bring us nothing but problems."
As defense minister, Mr. Sharon sent the Israeli Army as far as Beirut to root out Palestinian guerrillas.
Dow Jones is one of the rare publishers that have managed to create a successful Web site that requires users to pay a subscription fee, but it is confronting further troubles particular to its publications.
It was one of those touching but ultimately really pathetic conversations between men in which they say one thing ("I like the 12- or 15-inch headset wrench, but you can just as well go for the adjustable spud wrench") but mean another ("I wish my dad had taken me to more baseball games as a child instead of spending all those Sunday afternoons with my mother's best friend").
If he isn't quite as good company as Millicent, Stanford has his own goofy charm as a hopeless student, brilliant basketball player and all-around decent guy desperate to succeed so he can take his place on the Rancho Rosetta Middle School Basketball A-Team.
Mr. Donnellan’s relied only on the basic building blocks of theater — the actor, the text and such sets and props as are strictly necessary — to weave its happy spell.
Amid the concrete and grit of a neighborhood near the rattling elevated trains on Southern Boulevard, the red brick building will be surrounded and shaded by nearly 100 trees.
As to her symptoms, she said her "eyes, nose, throat, everything is affected."
He received a doctoral degree in Assyriology from the University of Göttingen.
A hopeful society comes to the aid of fellow citizens in times of suffering and emergency and stays at it until they are back on their feet.
Programs like this are too eclectic, too overstimulating and the pieces too short to allow for any conclusions.
Early 20th-century industrialists sprinkled this part of Long Island , the Gold Coast of the North Shore, with mansions.
"None of our visitors have complained," Mr. Christensen said, referring to his bathroom's porthole wall.
"You are bringing a Chernobyl-type plant from the Soviet Union, ancient technology, and you want to put it 120 kilometers from the shores of the Arab gulf?
To the Editor: "Yelling 'Fire' on a Hot Planet" (Week in Review, April 23) argues that American attitudes toward global warming present a nearly insurmountable obstacle to action.
And Mr. King's campaign aides say he will deliver an address with health care proposals later this month.
Many of those friends also spoke or performed, including playwrights and composers like Terrence McNally, William Finn and Christopher Durang; actors like Meryl Streep, Joan Allen and Swoozie Kurtz; and directors Daniel Sullivan, André Bishop and James Lapine.
But he heard the call -- to faith and politics -- after an accident.
'WILLIAMSBURG'S WATERFRONT,' Arsenal Gallery, Fifth Avenue and 64th Street.
At nikewomen.com, you can watch the video for Rihanna's new single, "SOS," which provides another answer to the same question.
He received his medical degree last week from Columbia.
Their individual timbres are finely balanced.
Along the way, with towering video projections on the scrims, there are allusions to the ancient elements as well as to science (giant red blood cells) and to Nature, with one magnificent scene that has the troupe performing amid giant vines.
He shoots, he scores, in bed and out, taking down the bad and the beautiful as he strides purposefully into the 21st century.
If nothing else, they have become familiar with the routine of parking the vehicle in various minor league cities.
Her healing spirit, love of family and friends, and her ability to light up a room will be greatly missed.
They are creating markedly traditional apartments -- more Charlotte than Murray Moss -- that reach toward the high style of Parish-Hadley with touches of French Modern or Art Deco.
Mr. Bacon's self-loathing character is trying to build a new life after 12 years in prison for child molestation, but few people seem willing to forget.
"The flip side of entering with a strong brand is that if you mess up, there's a real cost," said Adam Guy, managing director for wireless at Compete Inc., an online market research firm.
"I'm proud to be part of history, the first time hip-hop is performed at the Oscars," he said.
"What else did you think he'd do?"
"I called his house, I called his office, I kept calling constantly," she says.
She is Elena McGhee, not McGee.
Light and heavy oils are mixed in pipelines throughout Russia.
Peter Pepper, President Robert Kestenbaum, Executive Director Robert Kaplan, Executive Director,Emeritus The Workmen's Circle $(6$)OVSHINSKY--Iris.
Mr. Berman said that while he and other members of the community would be disappointed to see the building go, everyone seems to agree on one thing.
Angelo Filomeno Marianne Boesky Gallery Through March 11; 535 West 22nd Street, Chelsea, (212) 680-9889.
plan did not discriminate against older workers.
But Mr. Fastow's statements, coming in the sixth week of the trial of Mr. Lay and Jeffrey K. Skilling, another former chief executive, were almost lost under a searing cross-examination by Daniel Petrocelli, Mr. Skilling's lead lawyer.
The sobriety is portrayed as a sort of continuous present, in which the protagonist struggles daily against the urge to get "tile-faced" -- which Rich helpfully defines as "to be passed out on a bathroom floor."
But originalism, properly understood (and Justice Scalia himself might not understand it), is not a method; it is the answer to a question: What must you assume if you are seriously engaged in the act of interpretation?
The resistance around Karbala on the Army's route to Baghdad was minor, he said, and easily crushed.
Several years ago, the state spent $700,000 trying to mend this urban moonscape, but that did not work.
We've become used to, and even endeared to, Pierson's acerbic wit and highly refined sense of injustice, and this somewhat light frolic through the literature of open spaces and back-to-the-land types falls flat while the rest of the book is rich with characters and anecdote and heart.
The play's elements bring to mind those tidy topical melodramas that were once so popular.
In the last few weeks, Mr. Coakley and Ms. Ginel, who had been living together, broke up and Mr. Coakley got back together with his wife, Mr. Kelly said.
The United Nations Convention Against Torture and the European Convention on Human Rights, ratified by all European Union member countries and the United States, ban torture and other cruel or degrading treatment.
With the right pair of performance sandals, hikers these days can give their feet some air.
The spots use colorful, eye-catching styles of animation to bring to life anecdotes recounted by JetBlue passengers, including David G. Neeleman, the founder and chief executive of the airline.
Born in NY, Diana attended Ms. Hewitt's classes and Vassar College before moving to New Canaan with her young family.
The television movie about the rise of Al Qaeda comes at a time when the Taliban is flaunting a resurgence in Afghanistan.
They began developing strategy last week at a meeting of the board of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America.
Bayer’s study was performed by a contract research organization.
prosecco, which we liked practically as much.
(Until now, the smallest, least expensive HDTV camcorder was Sony's spectacular HC1, which sells for about $1,340 online.)
"What do you want to know?"
Killingsworth slapped the ball in anger and said something derogatory to the officials, resulting in a technical foul.
The headline was a grabber -- "David Cronenberg's On Set Public Sex Scenes."
It is New Jersey's version of a listening tour, without the tour.
BETTER disclosure rules are all fine and well, but we already know plenty about executive pay.
Friday 6 p.m. 1) A WALK ALONG THE BUND The most spectacular view of Shanghai can be seen at night from the Bund, a historic waterfront area that sits on the west bank of the Huangpu River.
Six months after he joined the force, so did his wife, who had worked previously as a maid.
Google also has an interest in establishing a solid body of legal interpretation in its favor.
Try one of the thin-crusted, crisp flatbread pizzas ($9), eight small wedges of goodness.
Paul Kagame, Rwanda’s president, said he had accepted Mr. Clinton’s repeated apologies.
At Madison Square Garden, which, like the proposed Atlantic Yards arena, sits on top of a transit hub and is surrounded by heavily trafficked streets, half of all visitors come by mass transit.
Not every food vendor in the city inspires that kind of devotion.
The Defense Department, it found, often exceeds original estimates by 30 to 40 percent and often faces "cuts in planned quantities, missed deadlines and performance shortfalls."
"Sudan's policy of arming militias and letting them loose is spilling over the border, and civilians have no protection from their attacks, in Darfur or in Chad."
14 3 THE MOTIVE, by John Lescroart.
Several people questioned whether Internet valuations had once again gotten out of control.
There just won't be another one.
If that’s your situation, congratulations; you may skip to the next article.
In 1995, doctors told Ms. Paradise, now 35, that she had Hodgkin's disease.
Richard Jefferson sat out his second consecutive game because of a back injury he sustained less than two minutes into the Nets' victory over the Toronto Raptors on Sunday.
At a stately English manor house, a motley, harried crew is grappling both with the intricacies of their ill-chosen literary source and with the hourly chaos of setting up shots, adjusting makeup and costumes and managing egos.
Developers usually find a deal with an anchor tenant before beginning construction.
The Zoning Handbook had not been updated since the Dinkins administration.
At first glance this might seem like another of those endlessly proliferating post-Pina Bausch exercises in random vignettes, some dance and some theater (and here, some video) performed by a personable young cast.
A half hour later, they trotted up to the maternity ward at the hospital.
Ellen Korn, 60, in the Monteverde neighborhood, said she voted for Mr. Berlusconi's party, though even she did not think he would win.
But she also defended the decision of a young Nablus man to become a suicide bomber.
Gale Gerber, chairman of the Nappanee festival, which in recent years has drawn about 45,000 people, attributed its popularity partly to a friendly small-town atmosphere and the chance to meet local growers and apple product makers.
cocktail party but with duck boots — pretty hilarious.” At Yaddo, the tenor varies with the seasons.
Main courses are hearty dishes in delicate portions — Patagonian lamb, deer loin, wild boar braised in beer.
The Herminator is coming off a big victory Friday at Kitzbühel, and Rahlves will be racing on his favorite mountain for the last time.
The gap, the notorious “doughnut hole,” is upsetting many beneficiaries, and it has become a potent symbol as politicians debate the merits of the new program.
The living room has a fireplace.
Its sadism is subdued (though still sickening), and its young Hannibal sounds nothing like the older one.
A report in the "Arts, Briefly" column yesterday about a decision by the New Orleans Friends of Music to go ahead with its annual chamber music season despite Hurricane Katrina misstated the surname of a board member who commented on the plans.
"I took emergency action to ensure seniors and disabled Californians get lifesaving medications they are in danger of losing because of significant problems with the new federal Medicare prescription drug program," Mr. Schwarzenegger said.
"But we believed in ourselves, and there was no point in the game that I, and my teammates as well, felt we were going to lose."
Gladwell studied history at the University of Toronto and wanted to go into advertising, but said he couldn't find a job and became a journalist instead.
For the past 12 years Tom has stayed by his mother's side catering to her every need, as every the devoted son.
To Posner, Lincoln was as justified in disobeying the law as Gandhi and Martin Luther King Jr. would one day be.
When that happens it is a powerful thing, said Andrew Shoenig, who attended the men-only service at the Temple Youth convention.
Yonkers city schools will restore art and music programs that were eliminated or drastically reduced two years ago to help the city close its perennial budget gap, Schools Superintendent Bernard P. Pierorazio announced yesterday.
Although the graduate school has been closed, graduate programs are resuming under the administration of individual schools at the university.
“We’re always keen to give people more exposure to and experience with auctions and bidding,” he said.
If we subscribe to an idea of a lineal evolution of behavior, there is no reason for failing to search for adumbrations of higher behavior in invertebrates."
Some said they read the Bible literally and doubt not only evolution but also findings of geology and cosmology that show the universe and the earth to be billions of years old.
“I consider the company a murderer, because they killed my brother,” she went on, her faced tightly framed by a bright green hijab.
“It’s just you and the river,” he said.
But after intermission, in Act II, she seemed more relaxed and took greater chances, especially in the climatic scene when she defies the tyrannical governor of the prison and saves the day.
Kara Mae O’Leary, the daughter of Renée S. Cherow-O’Leary and John V. O’Leary of Manhattan, was married last evening to William Ryall Carroll, the son of Ann Kupferschmid of Rochester and William L. Carroll of Roosevelt Island, Manhattan.
Yet heavy import duties on the Brazilian product have limited its entry into the United States and Europe.
If your family is feeling especially ghoulish, rent Room 217, where Mr. King stayed.
Scattered about the living room and bedrooms are the indispensable totems of modern technological privilege: I.B.M.
I also hope that the full reviews of these restaurants, as opposed to a necessarily reductive star rating, give readers a more complete sense of my thoughts and a better idea of whether they would enjoy one restaurant or another more.
It can be found, however, in the prodigious catalog of the complete New Testament series, published by Indiana University Press in conjunction with the show.
ADIRONDACK SKIING -- Among winter packages in the Adirondacks this winter is a midweek offering at Lapland Lake Nordic Vacation Center in Benson, N.Y. (about an hour north of Albany).
A mentor and teacher to several generations of future dentists, Sidney was widely respected as one of the city's leading orthodontists.
“He would have liked to find the seat of consciousness and to see the retreat of religion.
Devoted husband of Donna, who passed away on February 14, 2002, beloved brother of Loyal, loving father of Sheron Doll and Martin and Lynne Johnson, grandfather of Kim Rosfeld, Andrew Johnson and Tomas Rua, and great-grandfather of Ben, McKenzie and Lucas.
For now at least, the three Republicans are united in opposing an upgrade.
But it would be hard for any actress to top the layers of self-contempt, self-satisfaction and self-knowledge that are always legible here.
The perfectly spiced curried pumpkin and crab meat soup on the five-course set menu ($32) tempts you to scoop the last drop with your finger.
As the miseries he experiences via the mails accumulate, Miss Lonelyhearts takes on Christlike ambitions, ending with his murder by Fay Doyle's husband (Jeffrey Behrens).
George E. Pataki recently proposed in his budget plan -- are likely to result in more crowded clinics and emergency rooms in poorer communities, as well as higher bills for private insurers and patients themselves.
In response to the Bloody Sunday massacre, as it came to be called, Mr. O'Doherty, by then a longtime resident of New York, returned to Dublin and staged a performance at the Project Arts Center in which his body was painted orange from the head down and green from the feet up.
"The !Xóõ, who were willing to have tubes put through their noses; the Hadza, who have fewer possessions than anyone I know, except perhaps the Pirahã, who live with little thought for the morrow; the Toda, whose courtesy and helpfulness were unparalleled; the Tsou, who could not understand why anyone would come to their mountain to record their sounds."
The audience gasped, he added: "All the air got sucked out of the hall, and then -- dead silence."
But still, six days a week, mail carriers at 349 post offices across Iraq hand-deliver thousands of letters, to greetings so warm that they often include dances and high-pitched warbles of sheer joy.
Those who were privileged to know him will sorely miss him, for his scientific insights as well as for his cheerfulness, enthusiasm, marvelous sense of humor, and zest for life that made him a wonderful companion.
Grace, however, is not prepared for the thieves and gamblers inside and outside the community.
She said she stopped flinching at the sight of roaches after a childhood spent in public housing.
She added: "I'm very leery of any perception that there's an either-or situation here.
Because it's a monologue, the producers could effortlessly plug my part into the production.
He will also no longer be eligible for medical insurance.
“We’re in dogs where humans were 50 years ago,” said Rhonda Hovan, research facilitator for the Golden Retriever Club of America.
The swift cooperation by Mexican authorities in delivering Mr. Park comes at a time of tense relations with the United States on immigration issues.
And we should strive for a hospital culture that makes patient safety every health care worker's responsibility — from housekeepers to trauma surgeons.
Although Thursday's polling was described as vastly improved over the marred elections of the past, Mr. Museveni's government was criticized for putting other parties at a disadvantage.
Even before the announcement, news accounts in recent days of what airstrikes could look like, appearing in The New Yorker, The Washington Post and elsewhere, served as what one senior official called "a reminder" to the Iranian government and to Europe, Russia and China "of where this could go one day."
Mr. Spencer, the challenger to Mrs. Clinton, said he was bewildered that the national party did not help him pressure her this fall, and instead left Mrs. Clinton free to campaign extensively for Democrats in other states.
We will always cherish and miss the true and loving friendship we shared with Saul.
Our hearts are with Jen and the Madoff and Stevens families.
"I love the idea of having access to the actual presence of a human being."
"Let's swap lies" is her idea of a conversational ice breaker.
Predictably, players have adopted "athlete" and "athletic" as part of the accepted nomenclature of sports.
MacDONNELL--Thomas Paul (84), Sole Proprietor of Henry Stevens, Son and Stiles, antiquarian booksellers, died 21 December 2006 at Williamsburg Hospice House, Williamsburg, VA. Memorial service arrangements to be announced.
If Chad Hedrick had the opportunity to crash a significant social barrier, would he have taken a circuitous path to the finish line or made a mad dash for the history book?
In baseball, there has been precedent for a New York general manager following a manager out the door.
asked Walid Salman, one of the technology managers working with the ayatollah's operation in Qum.
But as in "You Are," Mr. Reich explores new harmonic ground, not least an almost Romantic lushness aided by Ms. Beiser's rich tone and energetic playing.
A five-judge panel of the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court unanimously overturned a previous ruling that city officials had arbitrarily and unfairly favored Baldor over the merchants of the Hunts Point produce cooperative, who had also bid to lease the site.
Or, for drag queens and plastic Virgin Marys, sashay a few doors down to Roses, a kitschy lounge that sparkles until 5 a.m. (No.
Now, some new types of crops are appearing.
This year is peaceful by comparison.
But, like General Cammaert, I will never stay anywhere else in Bukavu.
We were already out as an audience, and after that, there was never any possibility that we would go quietly back to a closet we had come here to get out of.
"It is not the role of the S.E.C.
But she added: "I have varying amounts of success with it.
Wall Street Folly observed that the latest suit comes just as Mr. Spitzer, who is running for governor in New York, unleashed the first round of television advertisements of his campaign.
This month, they broke ground on six apartment buildings between Malta Street and Alabama Avenue that, at 4 1/2 stories, will be taller and denser than the low-rise, suburban-style Nehemiah Houses.
The two biggest cities in the region, Recife and Fortaleza, are both forró hubs; I chose Recife so I could squeeze in a visit to Caruaru and Campina Grande, two small cities also known for their forró traditions.
"McCloud," which was broadcast from 1970 to 1977, earned him two Emmy nominations.
Not until the Kosovo war of 1999 did NATO try -- successfully -- to undermine Mr. Milosevic and force him out.
The two museums also have new directors.
Cons Property crimes such as burglaries have been persistent, but Walter McKinney, the police chief, said that steps are being taken to help limit them.
In “The Young Women,” a señorita in black with a panting lap dog, strutting her stuff under a parasol before a swarm of back-broken washerwomen, is clearly selling something, and it isn’t rosaries or funnel cakes.
Nowhere else, he believes, would his show air from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Saturdays -- "and earn more money than any other program" during pledge drives.
"We had the wherewithal to do it," Mr. Neeleman said.
"When you're making a work of art and you can't decide whether it's a dog or a pitcher of milk or a television set or whatever that goes in that particular spot, you've entered an existential complexity that's almost life threatening," he said.
As the Interpublic Group of Companies works on a major reorganization of its most troubled large agency, Lowe Worldwide, the agency is getting a new chief executive.
After the authority petitioned to have the dispute resolved through binding arbitration, the state's Public Employment Relations Board ordered arbitration, a process that could take months.
The bright lobby, with marble floor, an ornate chandelier and gold-upholstered furniture, is reminiscent of 19th-century European charm.
At the IFC Center, 323 Avenue of the Americas at Third Street, Greenwich Village.
Hanley: The most common reason paint peels is that moisture has gotten into the wall.
See what kind of reaction you get from that!
Go to Article from The New York Post »
Now there is golden saffron salt, to sprinkle on seafood, potatoes, poached chicken or soups.
The founding academy of Modernism was supposed to refute this.
Alltel's new service will be available to customers with plans that cost at least $59.99 a month and offer 1,200 minutes.
K.G., eight years have passed and, while we miss you more than words can describe, the wonderful memories we shared together can not fade.
Greg Pereira, a local folklore and botanical expert, owns Greg's Safaris, 869-465-4121, www.gregssafaris.com, offering full-day hikes ($85 a person) to Mount Liamuiga and assorted half-day hiking excursions around the island ($50).
All that's left is for the production to keep stepping on the gas, until it runs into one of those twisted snares of an ending that are Mr. McDonagh's specialty.
(Anne Midgette) Bronx Opera (Tomorrow, Sunday) There are some -- O.K., maybe it's just me -- who consider Purcell's "Dido and Aeneas" the perfect opera: a wrenching story, spectacular vocal and ensemble music, and it all clocks in at about 50 minutes.
A similar contract with Ukraine expired late last year, and Gazprom's demand for a steep price increase led to a midwinter standoff with that country's government.
He described tearing holes in the trailer in a desperate bid for air.
Hamas is expected to do well, and could make it much more difficult for Mr. Abbas and Israel to discuss peace or even to coordinate policies.
In equally operatic fashion, the defense countered that the charges were all a mistake, that although Mr. Gotti, known as Junior, had once been seduced into emulating his father, he had forsaken "the life," as witnesses called it, of organized crime at least eight years ago, when he realized the toll it was taking on his wife and children.
I did what I could to help, which wasn’t much more than holding the hose.
Donald Trump broke the mold by making noise, proclaiming himself the celebrity he has now become.
of Growing Tree North Nursery School in Roslyn.
And in addition to getting a link to the Carfax site when you enter an automobile’s VIN number, you can get similar information on aircraft by typing in a plane’s registration number from the Federal Aviation Administration.
According to a little research, the cuckoo clock was actually invented and thereafter manufactured in the Black Forest region of Southern Germany.
Allan Yu, Queens WRITING a killer essay that wins over an admissions committee is the dream of students everywhere.
"And the fact that I made that phone call constrains me.
Go to Article from The New York Times » Go to Article from Breakingviews » Go to VNU statement » Go to Article from Bloomberg
But Israel believes that diplomatic efforts at preventing or at least delaying Iran's ability to produce nuclear weapons should continue with more intensity -- at the United Nations Security Council, through economic sanctions, because of Iran's heavy reliance on imported parts, but also through an oil embargo or other means to affect the Iranian government and population.
There are more than 80 identifiable sleep disorders, including restless leg syndrome and classics like insomnia.
All styles seemed open to him -- Japanese, Chinese and Western.
And they are so optimistic as they describe the small triumphs that, thanks to the drugs their money is buying, are now studding the bleak landscape of AIDS in the developing world.
In your day there are great thinkers such as Friedrich Nietzsche and Fyodor Dostoyevsky; in my day William Bennett and Condoleezza Rice.” “I hardly ever read,” Oblomov says, much as he does on Page 19 of Goncharov’s novel.
And on Tchoupitoulas Street near the Mississippi River, at the showroom of Louisiana Variety Wholesale, Joseph S. DeLaune and his family pray for the quick return of the little gift shops and beauty parlors that used to buy their crystal and china bric-a-brac.
(Mr. Lipscomb says that American players are blocked from accessing WPT's overseas pay-for-play gambling sites.)
Anthony Carey, the owner of Function First, a studio in San Diego, feels so strongly about the importance of a holistic approach to his clients’ training that he has developed an organized way to reach out to doctors.
The university suspended Mr. McFadyen after authorities investigating the rape accusations released details of the message.
(Isherwood) 'THE MUSIC TEACHER, A PLAY/OPERA' A pair of interlocking monologues surrounding a little parody of an opera, with text by Wallace Shawn and music by his brother Allen.
"We're not knights on a morality crusade, and this is intended to target financial crime, not prostitution per se," the city spokesman, Martien Maten, told The Associated Press.
Emily Pierce Blair, a daughter of Linda L. Blair and Dr. Timothy P. Blair of Fayetteville, N.C., was married yesterday afternoon to Benjamin Tyler Hinckley, a son of Elizabeth R. Hinckley and S. Mark Hinckley of New York.
Despite Maier's efforts to play down the fall, no race is as important to his career as the Olympic men's downhill.
The book loves Lisey enough to believe that once she gets to the bottom of Scott’s psyche she will be free to live a life of her own.
Before joining the agency in 2001 as the United States fire administrator, Mr. Paulison had spent almost his entire career at the Miami-Dade Fire Department in Florida, working his way up from rescue firefighter in 1971 to chief by 1992.
“Grouse shooting is elitist, there’s no getting around that,” said James Chapel, who manages an estate on Snilesworth Moor, northeast of York, on behalf of an American owner, Bob Cieslukowski.
MELBOURNE, Australia, Sunday, Jan. 15 - Tennis is not healthy yet.
She has a master’s degree in environmental engineering from the University of Michigan, where she also received her Ph.D. in environmental engineering and natural resource policy.
Schumann wrote the piece backward: that is, the long final scene, "Faust's Redemption," in which Faust's soul is intercepted and redirected to heaven, was composed first.
Thetford Tourism and Heritage Partnership, King's House, King Street, Thetford, Norfolk; (44-1842) 82-0-689; www.explorethetford.co.uk .
"So there were multiple motivations," Ball says.
But some dishes show the subtler, more sophisticated side of Shanghai cuisine: I especially liked the mildly delicious shrimp in tea leaves, and the fish chowder — I’m quite sure the broth was made from meat, unless there’s some especially meaty fish out there I don’t know about — with loads of fish meat, egg and scallion.
Then there's the thick, winter-hearty canjiquinha Brazilian soup and many superb breads at SoNo Baking Company & cafe, 101 South Water Street, South Norwalk, (203) 847-7666.
City officials say Mr. Worrell's case provides a stark example of why New York's 40-year-old statute of limitations for sexual assault cases has become obsolete.
His most famous saying is, "Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood."
There are many who believe that there's a moral imperative to use that potential to try to help living sick people.
As a sign of his new approach to government, the president put Mr. Githongo in charge of sniffing out graft.
As Mr. Kelly notes, "Loss is not an anomaly, or a deviation, or an exception," it's "the norm," and his inventory of missing books is a many-splendored thing, filled with classics gone missing and wildly ambitious projects never realized.
"Everything was fried to a crisp."
Young children just starting school or returning to school after summer vacation may fear leaving their family or environment.
In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made in his honor to St. Sylvester's Church, 68 Ohio Avenue, Medford, N.Y., 11763, or to the Church of St. Dominic Parish Outreach, 93 Anstice Street, Oyster Bay, New York, 11771.
George E. Pataki has denounced the settlement, while Peter S. Kalikow, the chairman of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, says he might not even urge the authority's board to approve the deal he negotiated -- even though he calls it an "excellent deal."
You know precisely who the boys were because you have experienced their mass migration and the mass murder that occasioned it through the eyes, and in the compelling voice, of Valentino Achak Deng.
It's difficult for a designer as ambivalent about fashion as Ms. Prada is to believe that her daily labors and choices might be intriguing to regular people, and perhaps for that reason "Waist Down" is not burdened by self-reference or gloat.
But yeah, it is frustrating that we can't get the world to see this."
The deal was praised by Mohamed ElBaradei, the director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency.
"Counter service limits your clientele," said Rebecca Charles, whose Pearl Oyster Bar in the West Village had only a counter and one table when it opened.
Linda Cox-Myers, a home-textile entrepreneur from San Francisco, visited the ranch over Mother's Day weekend with eight other family members.
While researching her book, she was stunned to learn how much pressure teenagers now put on one another to have sex.
The succession flickers quickly past the half-lowered window like film images carried by the warm breeze.
As usual, Daniel will ask what Jesus would do.
It is a typically sprawling, ambitious piece, drawing on video, music, dance and the spoken word to create a shifting, almost kaleidoscopic image of a nation under greatest siege from its cynical idea of love of country.
The journey was not by choice.
As for Anthony Tung: he went off and, a genius by himself, wrote a book titled “Preserving the World’s Great Cities.” Today it is the bible of urban preservationists all over the globe, and from Mexico City to Athens to Istanbul to Kyoto and Singapore, he is one of the world’s most sought-after speakers and consultants on urban planning, most recently in New Orleans.
The camera is Kodak's first model with Bluetooth, which allows it to transfer photos wirelessly to Bluetooth-equipped computers, printers and cellphones.
"When the market changed, I realized that this is really the right time to do it," Mr. Greenbaum said.
In particular, the scientific challenge of the frog, known locally as the kambô, will deepen Brazil's expertise in pharmacogenomics — the combined use of genetics and pharmacology — and it takes advantage of the traditional knowledge of indigenous people.
These were the prizes of the night -- beautiful meat to be sweepstaked off to some lucky drunk!
Furthermore, the range of modern transport has put intrepid travel writers in an uncomfortable spot.
Church, 124 Wadsworth Ave, NYC Monday 11:30AM.
I mean, didn't sleeping pills kill Marilyn Monroe?
For almost a year, the company teetered on the brink of bankruptcy as it negotiated with creditors and replaced nearly all of its senior executives and board members.
The composer Igor Markevitch's folded hands repeat those in a painting behind him.
"But I walk down the street, and no one's saying anything, no one's doing anything.
Then have the pairs follow the instructions, first from the drawing, then from the written directions.
The trial balloons that have floated out of the Corzine administration's budget sessions suggest an ambitious agenda, but some still wonder whether Mr. Corzine has the resolve to take measures like increasing the state sales tax from 6 percent to 7 percent or raising the cigarette tax by as much as 60 cents a pack.
This wasn't totally germane to the evening, but it was weirdly effective anyway; in the right light, sex can stand in for anything, including religion and political resistance.
Her mother is an administrator for the Weissman Preservation Center of Harvard University Library in Cambridge.
Main dining room and accessible restroom on one level.
The Department of Defense has identified 2,858 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war.
John has relatives in Orland, including a cousin whose house is across from this one.
The race stewards examined the data, agreed, and they gave Speed a 25-second penalty which lifted Coulthard to eighth and gave him the point.
"Columnists, that's their jobs, that's their opinions," Snyder said.
Now if I leave the anchor chair too long, I worry Eve Harrington will take my place.” But even once workers get over their angst about what length vacation to take, many grapple with separation anxiety — how often to check in with the office.
Artists were there to record the scene, in remarkable works like Monet's "Grenouillère" (1869), Seurat's "Sunday on La Grande Jatte" (1884-86) and Renoir's "Luncheon of the Boating Party" (1880-81).
WASHINGTON TOWNSHIP "Fragmented Reality," photo collages by Imari Nacht.
The show contains only seven works by Antonello and four by other relevant artists, including the Flemish painter Petrus Christus, but it's a powerhouse.
After Baghdad, the highest death tolls, in descending order, were registered in Diyala Province, the city of Mosul, Salahuddin Province and, in a very distant fifth place, the city of Kirkuk.
In more recent research — on grief — Dr. Rosenblatt interviewed couples whose children had died.
Would the rape and sexual harassment at the Air Force Academy have ever been disclosed 20 years ago?
They were bucking expectations, in an indirect fashion, and letting their enigmatic albums speak for themselves.
Through Sunday, a Plum Blossom Festival in the New York Chinese Scholar's Garden.
Vongo will be cheaper than Starz Ticket, which costs $12.95 a month and offers only about 300 movies.
He was a longtime philanthropic supporter of many organizations including The Jewish Guild for the Blind, The Public Theater, Cornell and Columbia universities, the Bedford Riding Lanes Association, and JustWorld International.
The same mixtures used for burgers can generate "cutlets," "meat" loaf or "meat" balls.
His mother, an astrophysicist, is a research associate at the Mullard Radio Astronomy Observatory at the University of Cambridge, from which his father retired as a professor of physics.
Dr. Bromberg said that for most diabetics, new forms of insulin, insulin pumps and glucose monitors were improving control of the disease so much that it would be hard to justify the risks of a transplant and lifelong immune-suppressing drugs.
"There is no obvious single deal," Merrill Lynch said, but it identified about 25 small publicly traded companies that could be targets, including Armor Holdings of Jacksonville, Fla., which makes body and vehicle armor, and the Man Tech International Corporation, a provider of technical services for national security programs based in Fairfax, Va. BAE is already the seventh-largest supplier to the Pentagon, and has already purchased six military contracting companies in the United States in the last two years.
"I'll take care of dinner and put the baby to bed.
If anyone’s can, I believe that Lee Bollinger’s can.
"The reasons for the rule are less sure and less uniform than the rule itself," Justice Thurgood Marshall wrote in the 1986 case.
Dr. Grabel said it was essential to consider the ethical implications of using human embryonic stem cells.
And an array of restraints were imposed that made it hard for Iraq's military to exercise command.
The most ambitious is a mural-size canvas, "The Third to the Last Big Hurrah," whose black ground is covered by an eccentric white grid made up of bones, hands, biomorphic blobs, visceral clusters, buckets and such, animated by dabs and thrusts of bright hues.
His father is a gastroenterologist in Greensboro and owns Vital Research, a clinical medical research company there.
The option of downloading music over the air "is an offering every carrier is going to have," Mr. Nagel said, adding that the real questions would be timing and consumer interest.
Instead, he called the first witness of the day and the trial proceeded as if nothing had happened.
The first act must be borne aloft on language alone, as the tracks are laid for the advancement of the deliciously ornate plot.
In recent studies by other economists, the high-end estimates of the war's actual cost, broadly measured, are already moving into the $1 trillion range.
All through the first year here, he told terrible stories.
"We want to bring the best of American education and create a school like no other in the region, one focused on preparing leaders, both men and women, in the public and private sectors."
So when the troika, as I like to call them, approached me about helping them redevelop it, I agreed.” Mr. Baron, whose firm specializes in mixed-use urban development, greatly influenced the plan for the site: a combination of 49 residential units, 14 of which will be rented at affordable prices and the rest offered for sale; 12,000 square feet of street-level retail space, which will be leased only to local proprietors; 10,000 square feet of publicly accessible open space where concerts and markets will be held; and both underground and surface parking.
Sunday, 2 to 4 p.m., and by appointment.
Of the four interiors here, the most impressive is the dining room he designed in 1913 for the apartment of the Swiss Symbolist painter Ferdinand Hodler.
Despite his reservations, though, Mr. Kravitz is a university cheerleader, one of 13 men and 11 women who practice two hours at a time, six days a week.
But it is the kind of fandom of someone who can rattle off batting averages and league standings without telling you why they matter.
Several years into Wisconsin's stringent welfare-to-work program, which helped reduce welfare rolls in the state by 80 percent, the remaining welfare recipients fared poorly, seldom finding steady jobs or stable lives, according to a new study that spotlights the severe personal problems afflicting the poorest families.
But unlike Christina Crawford, Molly has a mother (played by Molly Ringwald ) who is willing to compromise.
The Naumann show has two of Tice's poster designs for Dada costume balls, both charming, along with another by Beatrice Wood (1893-1998).
On the right, the stern Ms. Beck stood at a mike behind a music stand, singing fragile, ghostly phrases and triggering MIDI textures with the slightest touch of her otherwise little-used guitar.
Hours: Mondays through Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Thursdays to 8 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Public library, Flinn Gallery, 101 West Putnam Avenue.
Dmitri's mother, Tamara, is waiting for us, her face as beautiful as in the photos, in a print housedress.
Being a New York City cop is the toughest job in the world," the negotiator said, adding "You're looking for help.
Despite its popularity, the film has not touched off widespread anti-American violence or prompted any street demonstrations.
The Connecticut State Conference of N.A.A.C.P.
The producers Pun Bandhu and Marc Falato formed ZenDog Productions in 2004 and produced the Tony-winning revival of David Mamet's "Glengarry Glen Ross" last year.
“I think there’s something to coming to a place of culture that boosts the spirit,” Mr. Snyder said.
That report argued that most people who drive private cars into Manhattan south of 60th Street do so for comfort or convenience, not for economic necessity, and could easily switch to mass transit.
After several run-ins with the law, he decided to pursue a career in rap.
This is the only sight Ms. Ireland did not recognize that I felt was worth mentioning.
A lot of people think France came here and brought with her the ideas of equality and democracy, and it’s not true.” Boughedir describes a scene from the film in which a shoemaker, a known drunkard, is about to play music for an audience at a wedding and salutes them with “cough syrup” that everyone knows is alcohol.
He is survived by his sons, Herbert and Ronald, his daughter-in-law Jesslynn, his grandchildren Mark and Royce, his great-grandchildren Matthew and Allison, and several nephews and nieces.
Now this analogy, hyperbole aside, vividly describes the intense relationship among appellate judges.
Investigate the meanings of different judicial philosophies and political ideologies; hypothesize how these perspectives might impact a justice’s decision on a particular issue.
As the Indian-American entrepreneur Vivek Paul likes to say: "The very act of leaving behind your own society is an intense motivator.
Distracted by injuries to her back and feet, but also by personal problems, including her parents' divorce, Cohen left Wagner in December 2004.
Rudy's traumatized identical twin, Jacob (also played by Mr. Donovan), would have been in the treehouse had he not balked at the last minute and remained at home.
It is the wind of a landscape without limits, an unending forest, an immeasurable steppe, a winter that never ends.
No date has been set.
Even so, Helen Hooper McCloskey, Mr. McCloskey's former press secretary and wife of 23 years, supports her husband's campaign, calling it a brave if somewhat foolhardy last act to restore his reputation and rescue the things he holds dear.
McKie Campbell Commissioner Alaska Department of Fish Juneau, Alaska, April 17, 2006
In a grimly familiar tableau, the two men, one dressed in a sweatshirt and the other in a zippered jacket, were shown seated, speaking into the camera.
"NBC's loss is our gain," said Noel Sederstrom, the news director at WWMT-TV, the CBS affiliate that serves Grand Rapids, who is already preparing to have his local news team record a promotional spot with Ms. Couric.
“Knowing which way your glucose is going is really important in controlling diabetes,” said Dr. Kowalski, himself a diabetic.
Photo: United States marines joined other rescuers yesterday in the village of Guinsaugon, Philippines, as hopes faded for more than 1,000 buried in a mudslide.
Modano lambasted U.S.A. Hockey on Wednesday and skipped a voluntary team meeting Thursday that every American player attended.
It was 2002, not 1992.
But court papers filed by the New Jersey officials said that Mr. Kerik, who was commissioner of the city's Department of Correction when the work was done in 1999 and 2000, was concerned about his ability to pay for extensive repairs to the apartment.
"I've been giving him assists here for five years," Sylvester said of Dials.
Even so, he acknowledged his inability to patrol the border areas.
The next fall she went to Panama, taking a complete turkey dinner for Thanksgiving that she had cooked.
Music performed by the actors.
The sane leave this event to the pros (who can fly some 200 feet), but amateurs can also enter.
Once in the Settings area, click the link for Forwarding and POP and follow the instructions for POP mail downloading for Outlook Express.
I pitch in by chopping limes into quarters and lemons into eighths.
Mr. Chasen was determined to build a company that would endure, which is why, despite Blackboard’s huge ambitions, he and his colleagues have relied on a conservative strategy and style.
Mr. Haggis could not be reached for comment.
The pressure comes from being the main event at every Olympics, and how the favorites handle that usually determines who wins and who watches their Olympic dreams crumble.
"Each day in the last four days things have gotten better and better," she said, "and that's huge.
In September 2002, two gunmen entered the Akshardham Hindu temple in western Gujarat State and killed at least 29 people before Indian commandos stormed the compound and ended the siege.
"Speckles is in there," Lorraine said, looking into our second-story bedroom, which we could see clearly because the back wall of the house no longer existed.
"We just regret that we lost him," she said.
Howard Rubenstein, The Post's spokesman, said the advertisers' appearance in the Page Six magazine and the Page Six gossip column is "purely coincidental."
Planting Fields Foundation deeply regrets the loss of Peg Coe, 88, who died at her home in Cody, WY on November 15, 2006.
The rebate, which is typically paid by the manufacturer, is then sent from the fulfillment house.
Dr. Ginsberg, a family practitioner with Kaiser Permanente, met Ms. Overstreet Smith to offer medical triage help to the hurricane survivors.
It's not a simplistic thing where you're saying it's all about this one area and you inject a current and everything's fine.
These killers are not the likely suspects, like Perry Smith, the career criminal in "Capote"; that film's not about him.
“I’m fundamentally unconvinced of the framing of the story,” said Dr. Steven Miles, a professor of medicine at the University of Minnesota and an expert on the care of dying patients.
The World Bank failed to follow through on its pledges to spend up to $500 million to combat malaria, let its staff working on the disease shrink to zero, used false statistical data to claim success and wasted money on ineffective medicines, according to a group of public health experts writing in the British medical journal The Lancet.
"This visit signifies that Japan intends to actively develop ties between Japan and Kazakhstan."
"Pig Farm" wants to poke satiric fun at the dubious excesses of the United States government and what he sees as the sluggish-minded, fat-bellied populace who elected it.
It's difficult, though, to draw analogies with the general population.
And good clean fun is what "The Park Avenue Whirl" provides in abundance.
Dove's health faltered, but he continued to paint, mostly vibrant, semi-abstract watercolors of the world around him -- the mill pond, his garden, the water mill across the way, even the first local traffic signal installed at a nearby intersection.
Kaleil Isaza Tuzman was reminded of this last month when someone stole his watch while he was taking a shower in a shared bathroom at his hotel in Khartoum, Sudan.
The two split the money earned for opening and maintaining the accounts.
By the time Anna Napravnik was 7, she was riding in organized pony races and regularly beating the competition.
But that is just half of my identity."
When placed in solution, these chemical snippets naturally assemble into longer pieces.
It has been in business since 1938, and diners have come from England and Texas, the owner, Alan Gagon, said.
But every time I do a residence for myself, I start off with white walls and white furniture and then find I can't live in it."
Mr. Sachs’s lawyer, William Dow III, said that illegal rules set in place under Mr. Giordano compelled his client’s behavior.
"We feel that this represents a sample of A (H3N2) influenza virus that is broad enough and comes from a wide enough geographic area to have broad population implications, and so we are issuing this recommendation for the entire United States," Dr. Gerberding said.
During the last six years, when traditional airlines were piling up more than $40 billion in losses, JetBlue grew to $1.7 billion in annual revenue and became increasingly popular with travelers.
"Lindsey said yes, and I got to watch Tennessee win, so it all worked out perfectly," he said.
"This is the first admission for this 55-year-old male," he said.
Mr. Dryfoos had promised the leaders that he would support a Brooklyn colleague, Samuel Horwitz, but at the last minute he declared his support for Mr. Vallone, giving him an 18-to-17 victory.
Still, the exhibition has a lot of fresh and energetic new work, including several of Jon-Paul Villegas's wonky, brightly painted sculptures made to resemble melted home appliances.
As a result, many remain in a state of legal uncertainty, and to protest their indefinite confinement some have tried suicide and engaged in hunger strikes.
Last week, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said he did not agree with the appeal and directed the city's Law Department to resolve the matter.
An agent familiar with the casting said the open roles left the studio, Sony, "over a barrel" because the ticking clock gives the actors negotiating leverage.
WATTS, Donovan E., 46, Command Sgt.
Mr. Bloomberg's inauguration ceremony will look and feel like those of his recent predecessors: an outside affair held in front of a City Hall bedecked with flags and bunting in chilling temperatures.
National League Two early games turned up the pressure at night.
The phone companies and their Congressional allies say that such restrictions are both unnecessary and would discourage investment in upgrading networks.
At the top of the list is the Shiite nomination of Ibrahim al-Jaafari, the current prime minister, to retain that post.
But retail sales by all three were down, allowing Toyota, Honda and Hyundai to extend their reach further into the American automobile market.
According to an online industry executive who asked not to be named to protect business relationships, “for some sites the big focus is to not look like they’re raising prices too fast.
Not so for chickens or other domestic fowl: A(H5N1) attacks their lungs and other organs, and it quickly kills them.
Since 2001, when President Bush took office, the number of uninsured has increased by more than 5 million, to 46.6 million in 2005.
The two views of the Iran threat boil down to this: if Iran is simply a new example of a 60-year-old problem, then classic containment should work in 2016 the way it worked in 1956.
As his wife Bianca Amato sharply and affectingly registers the toll of living with such a man.
A short time later word came back that Statzer was fine, that he had probably been overstimulated by seeing so many of his Alpha Company buddies again but that he was being kept at the hospital as a precaution.
Look everyone in the eyes again.
The next year, another federal judge struck down a policy of the New York Police Department that required officers to provide advance notice and obtain approval before any speaking engagement.
"He is an unusually detail-oriented software engineer," said Steve Capps, a former Apple and Microsoft software engineer, who was one of the designers of the original Macintosh interface and the leader of the Newton project, which created a hand-held computer.
"They're heartbroken," Georgia Coach Andy Landers said of his players.
"I became acquainted with some of the best musicians in New York, and was able to unlearn some of the prejudices of my classical training while beginning to appreciate the beautiful simplicity of pop music," he said.
Correction Appended Days after saying that the "underlying message" of a memoir was more important than its truth, Oprah Winfrey announced yesterday that her next book club selection was "Night," the autobiographical account of life in the Nazi death camps by Elie Wiesel, the Nobel Peace Prize winner who has tirelessly campaigned to keep alive the memory of the Holocaust.
You'll receive a notice that states your wages -- and assesses a penalty for not reporting them.)
"I didn't do that today."
Bad impulses seize each of Moore’s beguiling characters: an obsessed filmmaker who ignores ominous cardiopulmonary warnings; her niece, who experiments with petty thievery and politically motivated vandalism; a young hot-dog vendor who feels threatened by the Russian hoodlum living upstairs.
"You can't show any skin," Ms. Ibrahim, 23, said during a break in a pickup match, explaining the dress rules for women, those who play sports and those who don't, at a remote refugee camp for displaced Somalis in northeastern Kenya.
The bridegroom's mother is a painter in Lincoln.
New or higher taxes will fall on vehicles with engines larger than two liters, disposable wooden chopsticks, planks for wood floors, luxury watches, golf clubs, golf balls and certain oil products.
The Wisconsin Legislature recently recommended the same approach, as did commissions in North Carolina, Virginia and, last week, California.
To him, there's no debate about which feels better.
The record is dull, and the concert was often worse.
The truck might protect me.
“Ooh, I can’t stand that ——” Mr. Williams said.
In one way or another all the winter sports involve defying gravity or reducing the coefficient of friction, and better than any physics lab, the Turin games have provided a vivid demonstration that gravity and fiction exist for a reason: they're what keep us safely tethered in our place.
BANFIELD--Laura F. Died in New York City on August 20, 2006.
Songs once heard while women harvested grain needed no amplification to fill a small theater on Thursday.
Mr. Ross, who used to direct Cassandra Wilson's band, seems to hear music as murmurs, or fog.
He speaks with frankness about his transgressions, as if they were things that happened to him, not things that he did.
The film documents a 2004 concert at Madison Square Garden, at which the Beastie Boys handed out 50 cameras to fans.
Wednesday at 8 p.m. Tickets: $10 to $40.
Published in 1980, "Amazons" purports to be "An Intimate Memoir of the First Woman Ever to Play in the National Hockey League," by the New York Rangers center Cleo Birdwell.
Then pupil-dilating drops go in.
The band began in Newport in the mid-60's, when Billy Cowsill and his brother Robert took up the guitar.
"We're going to continue to be very competitive at home and be very dominant at home," said Jefferson, who had 18 points.
In fact, she said, you cannot have healthy dividends and buyback programs unless those other qualities are in abundance.
The rotisserie keeps the flesh moist (even the cottony breast meat common to all lesser chickens) and the deep-fryer ensures crackling crisp skin.
Hours: Tuesdays through Fridays, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 4 p.m. 1860 House, Montgomery Center for the Arts, 124 Montgomery Road.
It has a growing population of 280,000 that is 85 percent black and Hispanic.
"If everybody — all of the stakeholders and the key players — were around the table, I think it would be possible to work out a package that would satisfy the concerns of everybody," Mr. Annan said when asked whether it was time for the United States to get involved in direct talks.
"They sent them carte blanche.
A Newsday report on the tentative contract said that it would allow the company to cut up to 60 jobs, primarily those of drivers and press operators, but that this was fewer than the 165 jobs that the company had threatened to cut.
"The Devil Wears Prada" is rated PG-13 (Parents strongly cautioned).
This still leaves time for the diminutive bridge operator to look out her window at the discolored, ever-moving water that rises and falls with the tide.
As the investigation, now in its fourth month, enters its final days, the focus has turned to what the Australian government knew about the kickbacks.
John S. Diaconis Chappaqua The writer, a lawyer, served on the New Castle Town Board from 2001 to 2005.
How that odd bit of alchemy was achieved is a story that has been told many, many times.
It’s a challenge to preach to the unconverted, and an achievement to unite disparate audiences.
Her mother teaches third grade at Ravenscroft School in Raleigh.
A Democratic candidate for mayor of New York last year, C. Virginia Fields, never recovered her political and fund-raising momentum after a controversy over a photo on a campaign flier that was altered to add two Asian-Americans in a crowd of supporters.
Out on Titchfield Peninsula, Port Antonio's oldest neighborhood, stands the DeMontevin Lodge, built in 1882 and still stately as ever; its luxurious sitting rooms are comfortable places to spend an afternoon watching cable TV.
"When violence and fear grip a society, there is an almost overpowering temptation to demonize the enemy," he writes, referring to both the English and the Indians during King Philip's War.
Michael Scott San Francisco, Jan. 13, 2006
Knowing more about the woman might help us understand her art.
SIAM INN (212) 757-4006; 854 Eighth Avenue (51st Street) $; Article: 6/10/05.
If they really "crave" a state, why didn't they accept the offer of Israel's prime minister, Ehud Barak, to Yasir Arafat six years ago to establish one on 95 percent of the West Bank and all of Gaza?
PELHAM MARBURY CORNERS, Ginsburg Development’s new complex of 66 lofts, town houses and condo flats near the small business district of this densely populated southern Westchester community, has been named a finalist by the National Association of Home Builders in its “Best Smart Growth” category of annual awards.
But all is not lost: he's falling in love with Tangee (Raven Goodwin), a girl he sees on the bus.
The producer of "Chicago," the Oscar-winning 2002 movie, is charging that Miramax has cheated him out of millions of dollars of profit from it by using deceptive accounting to understate revenue.
The trio Oxford Collapse's shaggy art-rock recalls that of acerbic forebears like the Embarrassment.
I discovered my house is 400 feet from where he lived.
In 1924 Dempsey went into semiretirement by taking $1 million from Universal to star in 10 silent movies.
The property is advertised like any other in the window of a real estate office here, the ultimate fixer-upper with wood ceilings, exposed brick and quite a history.
George Chung, a 74-year-old retired real estate investor and one of the first buyers to move into Hester Gardens, said he watched as the building went up and called for an appointment as soon as he saw a phone number posted outside the building.
Yet it was much more.
Mr. Johnson denied that he shot Mr. Wetterman, blaming an accomplice, David Vest, who pleaded guilty to aggravated robbery and testified against Mr. Johnson.
The agreement, which replaces American import duties with a Canadian export tax, is controversial in Canada.
A1 The Transportation Department announced new fuel economy standards for sport utility vehicles, pickup trucks and minivans that will make some of them more fuel-efficient than the average car.
"You just say, 'Look, I don't need to be an expert to say that I'm against genocide, for example,"' Mr. Damon said.
About eight pages of a 51-page government brief filed in federal court in San Francisco on Wednesday were electronically blacked out to protect what prosecutors said was sensitive material concerning a grand jury's investigation into steroid use in baseball.
12 11 THE END OF FAITH, by Sam Harris.
Vista is infinitely more pleasant to use than its predecessors.
Who do you want to represent you, someone who has lived like you, had kids in schools, or who was brought in from outside?"
"This 164 machines is more industrial," said a European diplomat who monitors Iran's program and spoke on the condition of anonymity.
But the size of one’s brain is unrelated to one’s level of intelligence, right?
And it was nearby that we found ERIC MENDELSOHN, a filmmaker, Ms. Falco's best friend, and, as we would discover, a favorable harbinger of the glamorous life in 2006.
We know that Dito will eventually leave because the movie, in addition to chronicling the events leading up to his departure, also observes his return, nearly 20 years later.
Some 70 percent of the city's foreclosure auctions occur in Brooklyn and Queens, according to PropertyShark.
Although the Vanderbilt and Spingold events run for a week and the Reisinger lasts only three days, the Reisinger is considered the hardest to capture.
J. P. Morgan and Credit Suisse.
"With owls, you can never be sure," Mr. Feller said.
Kimberly Thrush, 35, never thought she was the type to quit and run.
The wonder, and for some the fear, is that they could do it with so little effort or expense.
That left Hrbaty all the room he needed to hit a winner and he obliged.
WHEN you do, though, prepare to be dazzled.
When asked if it would be awkward coaching in the next few weeks alongside the man who could succeed him, Waters replied: "Coach Hill knows what his position is.
These days, Mr. Mescolotto has a good answer: “I’ll say, ‘I’m looking at a photo of your house, and it looks to be about the same as all the others.’ ” “That usually ends the conversation,” Mr. Mescolotto said.
Representatives said the story could be told effectively without publishing images that many would find offensive.
A sign of her novel's ambition, though, is that it's not merely a stage play in prose but a work that alludes to other novels defining American life.
But he said that in other cases, contractors had carried out the work.
Although Crosby wastes time on secondary characters that would have been better spent toiling in the vineyard, she has constructed a neat whodunit, supported by enough wine-making lore to give it some extra body.
On Broadway Street, opposite the Namaste Yoga and Healing Center, is the Black Mountain College Museum and Arts Center, a storefront exhibition space dedicated chiefly to wistful celebrations of former students and faculty members.
And yet the rediscovery has had broad public acceptance.
To the Editor: Paul Krugman argues that "ordinary citizens" do not "have enough medical expertise" to make their own decisions about their health care.
An article last Sunday about an architectural museum park in Nagoya, Japan, that has a part of Frank Lloyd Wright's Imperial Hotel misstated the fate of two other Wright projects.
"This is what we're facing," said David V. Aguilar, the Border Patrol chief, who played a videotape at a news conference on Thursday that featured a patrol car riddled with bullets and agents scrambling for cover as stones rained down on them.
That meant he had to read X-rays and make diagnoses at a rate of more than one a minute if he worked an eight-hour day.
Diabetes accounts for nearly 5 percent of the 15,000 annual allegations that the commission gets under that act, trailing only back impairment, other orthopedic injuries and depression.
Both proprietary Windows and open-source Linux have made strong gains in corporate data centers, not so much against each other, but by supplanting costly machines that run commercial versions of the Unix operating system and sometimes, mainframe computers.
His mother, who is retired, was a technical writer on a newsletter in the Seattle office of Johnson & Higgins, the insurance brokerage firm.
Half is used to display 3,500 objects from the museum's collection of 300,000 works from Africa, Asia, Oceania and the Americas; the rest is given over to temporary exhibitions.
But it can’t compare to the fear he must feel every day.” On Oct. 22, as Colonel Osborne and his men were questioning a store owner about reports of a Sunni checkpoint stopping Shiites, a shot rang out.
Or hop on a horse at the nearby stables ($20 for an hour ride).
Signs of the change abound.
Gilbert Arenas had 27 points as Washington ended an unbeaten five-game homestand with a 107-97 victory over Philadelphia.
Merrill Lynch Says Quarterly Profit Rose 25% Merrill Lynch reported a 25 percent increase in fourth-quarter earnings on the back of robust trading, a surge in banking and strong expense controls.
Mr. Piol said Invesco's sensitivity was heightened by the fact that it had been sued by the New York attorney general and other regulators, accusing it of improper mutual fund trading.
Officials said the painting was recovered in central New Jersey.
The portion has fallen sharply in a generation, he said, and declined 10 to 15 percentage points in the last five years alone.
Since buying their three-bedroom, 2,100-square-foot cabin two and a half years ago, the Pillows have bought two adjoining acres, extending their investment to about $300,000.
Harvey and Bob Weinstein, the Hollywood movie moguls, are locked in a battle with Columbia Pictures over the rights to make films out of a series of books by the Chinese author of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.
In a letter of 1948, Cassady set out the ideas that would alter Kerouac’s practice (until then shaped by early-20th-century realists): “I have always held that when one writes, one should forget all rules, literary styles, and other such pretensions.
Since October, Mr. Reddick has been working around the clock in the New Orleans area, rebuilding other people's homes in neighborhoods that are likely to survive.
The bar association has liberal views on issues from abortion rights to gun control, but it has always claimed that a high wall separates its evaluations from its policy positions.
The New York State Democratic Party challenged a Republican candidate for governor, William F. Weld, yesterday to waive confidentiality agreements he signed with former employees at Decker College, now closed, in Kentucky.
The Persians introduced asymmetry into the patterns of their carpets, the idea being that only God should be perfect.
Bush administration officials have said repeatedly that the solution to the nation’s growing income inequality is more education.
We’ve been misinformed several different times, and we have e-mail records to prove it.
She graduated from Radcliffe in 1951 at age 19.
(Brantley) 'ENTERTAINING MR. SLOANE' Miscasting is the mother of invention.
"You should feel the space is taking care of your needs and not demanding a lot in return," he explains.
Thorough and user-friendly, it provides invaluable information on events, ticketing and transportation, and it contains a downloadable spectator's guide.
It is also successful because the center has increasingly been able to attract not only unusual and interesting smaller groups, but also some of the heavy hitters in dance.
"The big problem is how hard it is to navigate the stuff," he said.
Because they grow so slowly and can be moved only with big root balls, large beeches can be expensive to buy and to plant.
And the yellowfin tuna with crab was rich in concept and in execution.
On the other hand, gay Hampden-Sydney graduates participated in a recent seminar on gay issues.
"When we open a new store in Connecticut, it's more likely to be a relocation."
Shortly after the contretemps at China Youth Daily broke out, the former editor of another national publication attacked the bosses who had replaced him, saying they had exercised self-censorship in the face of pressure from propaganda officials.
Many guards from Sergeant Boland's Reserve unit acknowledged to investigators that they had kneed the two prisoners in the thighs for being unruly or disobedient; they said the technique had been widely used.
That would give investors the incentive to find cheaper alternatives, and the market would sort out the winner -- natural gas, ethanol, methanol, soy diesel, whatever works.
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., Jan. 4 - Everyone knows the ball is going to Steve Smith.
Brophy Dale and Buzz Campbell, playing guitar, quickly joined in.
But with various doors and openings leading to the cafe, the cinema, the bakery and a bar, and a grand circular staircase leading up to the hotel restaurant, relaxing in this multifunctional space can be challenging with so many people entering and departing from all directions.
Enlisting in the Army after Pearl Harbor, he ended up on the beaches of Normandy on Day 2 of the invasion, in hellish fighting recounted in "Bluefeather Fellini."
The victory sent sixth-seeded Michigan State (21-10) into the quarterfinals today against Illinois.
"Food is not only nourishment," he said.
To the Editor: In "Another Day at the Races?"
Instead, mothers with children at home gained the time for outside work by taking it from other parts of their day.
Ohno improved on his two-medal showing at the Salt Lake Games in 2002.
Ms. Lallo left the fire service to become a stockbroker but returned to the profession in San Diego after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks because, she said, "My heart is really in this job."
He added, "It was something we needed to have."
And it's that very quality, of a more authentic, accessible town lurking beneath the often gaudy surface, that makes San Antonio, a vibrant city of some 1.3 million, an intriguing place.
Anthony Malkin, president of W&M Properties, said the jail should focus on attracting retailers who offer basic services -- "a place to get coffee, a place to get a doughnut."
And he was no longer naked, to the relief of probably everyone, although his courtroom wardrobe has been an unusually casual mix of sweaters and shirts unbuttoned at the collar.
He assured the Mets that he would not risk playing until he "wakes up one day and feels fine."
"Because routine things sometimes become very un-routine, the best environment for labor and delivery is in a hospital or in a facility that adjoins the hospital," Dr. Burke said.
The videotaping, part of a settlement of a lawsuit brought by the family of a mentally ill man who spent 17 years in prison after confessing to a rape and murder that he did not commit, is expected to be in place within six months.
All get a new 6.2-liter aluminum V-8 and 6-speed automatic.
Correction: April 14, 2006, Friday An article in Business Day on Wednesday about the CKX Company's acquisition of an 80 percent stake in Muhammad Ali's name, image and likeness misstated the revenue currently generated from the Ali brand.
If it were, then Harry Connick Jr. and Kelli O'Hara -- the white-hot stars of Kathleen Marshall's delicious revival of this 1954 musical -- would be looking at long jail terms.
His cookhouse: After 40 years of marriage, my wife became so sick of camera crews invading our house that she basically threatened divorce.
The 1952 Off Broadway revival, at Circle in the Square, with the remarkable Geraldine Page in the role, received a warmer welcome.
Katrina did not cause these illnesses.
Died on June 24, 2006.
"After sifting through all the post-burn data, I expect we will find ourselves right on the money," he said.
"That's the beautiful choice we have."
The bank said it would repurchase as much as £1 billion in stock, and raised the dividend 25 percent.
The housing is the same as in many cities back home: there are gorgeous palaces where rich sheiks live, and within a stone’s throw, some of the saddest looking houses you‘ve ever seen.
Law,” was elected president of the Screen Actors Guild, pledging that studios should pay fees for content delivered by new media.
Now it invests less than half of profits.
officials have insisted that their decisions to disapprove or delay the Plan B application have been driven by scientific or regulatory concerns, the Government Accountability Office found last year that top agency officials decided at one point to reject the application before its staff's scientific review was even complete.
Humorous, elegant; beloved mother, devoted friend, passionate volunteer, grande dame.
Lawrence Jackson Atlanta The writer, an assistant professor of English at Emory University, is the author of a biography of Ralph Ellison.
Apple Computer argued Thursday that neither a journalist nor a blogger has the right to publish a company’s trade secrets, in a case that could determine just how much protection publishers — online or off — have in the digital age.
As I would find out in a few minutes, Joan Rivers was there.
Salads, too, are satisfying, especially the harvest salad, abundant with diced apple, pear, red grapes and walnuts with blue cheese, endive and mixed greens, tumbled together with an apple cider vinaigrette that flirted with being too tangy but, in the end, wasn’t.
(American Primitive Gallery, 594 Broadway, near Houston Street, SoHo, (212) 966-1530, through April 12.)
He liked living on the edge — he was the type to throw baseballs with his phone number written on them to pretty women in the stands — and was a contrarian, always itching for a fight.
The entire School of American Ballet family mourns the death of Melissa Hayden, one of America's greatest ballerinas.
One worthy cause nudges another aside.
The man was located, but house policy does not permit a patron to be evicted unless the infraction is observed.
The extra Igf2 appeared to cause a fetus to grow too quickly, leading to the syndrome.
"And it did not matter."
Connecticut Light and Power had pushed the number of homes and businesses without power down to 21,000 by Thursday afternoon, from more than 108,000 the day before.
Because of a bout with hepatitis A and a rib injury, he played only 38 games this season.
Microsoft left a two-day antitrust hearing in Brussels on Friday claiming it had reached a breakthrough with European regulators, but regulators and rivals dismissed the claim as an exaggeration.
It confirmed the death of the following American yesterday: DAVIS, Gloria D., 47, Maj., Army; St. Louis; Defense Security Assistance Agency.
"It's not the coldest place, but it has a sure cold," he said.
If we'd worked only as optimists, we would've given up."
Mr. Gupta set up several of the buildings in a plaza and showed how they could be equipped with a high-efficiency wood stove for cooking, a composting toilet and a small fluorescent light.
The problem is that data handlers want a narrow bill that would require them simply to notify consumers when a breach occurred and would give them broad discretion to decide when such a step was necessary.
Mr. Seliger, who had an exhibition at Peggy Guggenheim's Art of This Century gallery in 1945 when he was 19, begins his pictures by randomly improvising and then progressively clarifying the forms that emerge.
Nor is the situation much different in the Trenton public schools, where Carolyn Gibson, the assistant superintendent of human resources, said: "There are a very limited amount of people who are certified.
Who is Masayoshi Hatanaka, and what does he propose for the city of Mombetsu as the drift ice dwindles?
Dermatologists suggest that you take two large bottles of it with you, a vat if it fits in the trunk, and reapply liberally every two hours, more often if you engage in any beach-related activities, like sweating.
Learn about ordinances in your area that protect the trees (and/or other living things) in your community and how the different local environmental organizations are involved.
Wait it out until the market turns around.
Lovers of musical theater may find themselves a little anxious nonetheless.
Preventive treatment gives mothers two drugs in the weeks before birth and at the time of delivery.
Although there are no statistics on whether those taking out private education loans are students or parents, financial aid officers said it seemed unlikely that parents could account for all of the increased private borrowing because they could get more favorable rates under the government program.
Esa-Pekka Salonen, the widely praised music director of the Los Angeles Philharmonic, is to conduct Janacek's "From the House of the Dead" in the 2010-11 season.
Mr. Shefter was a Professor of English at New York University and was one of the first English teachers to be on Public Television.
Mr. Pinault was largely echoing projections given last year by Gucci's chief executive, Robert Polet, for the company's smaller luxury brands to become profitable within the next three years.
This is not a matter of interpretation.
The Bagger stared and stared at the picture and then finally looked at the caption.
She spent most of her business career at the B. Altman Company.
Krstic was called for a technical late in the third quarter after he pushed Pollard.
Such graciousness and bonhomie are especially impressive in a restaurant of this size.
Some Democrats in the Assembly have proposed a bill that would give an even larger tax credit -- up to $3,500 -- that could be used for private school tuition.
Her specialization in vulvar diseases led to new and effective treatments.
An exhibition room resembles a 1940's living room, in which Roosevelt can be heard delivering parts of his radio addresses (his "Fireside Chats"), assisted by an anomalous flat-screen display offering news footage.
There are thrift shops throughout the city, including Starry Starry Night off Byres Road (19-21 Dowanside Lane; 44-141-337-1837), which sells 1970's swimwear and second-hand kilts as well as other clothing and jewelry.
"This is good news, but there is still a long way to go," he said.
CINCINNATI, April 3 - Even President Bush's most ardent supporters concede he has been having a hard time getting many pitches over the plate in recent months.
It can mean HBO or Blockbuster or Netflix or other newer avenues.
"Great wines don't make statements, they pose questions," is a favorite saying.
Literary theorists may long for, but have never actually possessed, such power and influence.
"Hello," he'll say, sticking out his hand to a receptionist or a registration clerk, "I'm Senator Chuck Hagel."
But the health agency quickly cautioned that this did not necessarily mean that the virus had mutated into a strain that could start a pandemic by jumping rapidly between people as ordinary flu does.
Or, swing by the Kitchen this week.
This year snow and rain have largely passed the Southwest by.
The Tasting Room is like a vegetarian restaurant that won’t come out of the closet.
For instance, if Clorox wants to reach women ages 25 to 54 to sell them a new bleach, ITN buys commercial time on local TV stations in programs that appeal to those viewers.
Travel time is about 35 minutes.
Tuesday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.; Saturday and Sunday, 1 to 4:30 p.m. University of Connecticut, William Benton Museum of Art.
Streetscapes | Edward Clark E-mail: streetscapes@nytimes.com
Fortunately, Governors Island lacks the political and emotional baggage of the former World Trade Center site.
Lauren Rich Fine, an analyst who follows publishers for Merrill Lynch, predicts first-quarter earnings for the sector to be 3.5 percent lower than they were in the first quarter of 2005.
Never mind the golf junkets and poolside seminars.
How distinctly American "Americanization" actually was, and how American it remains, are open questions.
Critics who have questioned Venezuela's spending are roundly denounced by the government, which says its focus remains on providing for Venezuela's poor.
Each said he thought Napolitano could be beaten.
One of its founders, Barbara Hulanicki, up and left London, and a label (below) that once defined a generation died a rock-star death.
Judge Charles L. Brieant of the United States District Court in White Plains said yesterday that improvements in the department's upstate operations had been significant.
"Margaret" by Mel Leipzig of Trenton is a commanding presence.
“Yahoo has lost the favor it enjoyed a year or two ago,” said David Cohen, a senior vice president of Universal McCann, a media buying agency of the Interpublic Group.
The doctors, it turned out, often came to deliveries straight from the autopsy ward, promptly infecting mother and child with whatever germs their most recent cadaver happened to carry.
Lauren inexplicably keeps her around as a gofer.
The rest goes to all the middlemen involved in distributing, collecting and clearing coupon transactions.
“If you win, you know you are going to be challenged again soon, so higher testosterone would keep you prepared for the next challenge,” Dr. Booth said.
Sports of The Times E-mail: selenasports@nytimes.com
The future of the legislation is unsettled to say the least.
It is all in pursuit of his plan to pacify the people through intimidation and violence, all according to God's will and for their own good.
The closest federal team, in Morgantown about 70 miles away, had lost members to attrition and took several more hours to deploy, said J. Davitt McAteer, a former assistant secretary of mine safety and health under the Clinton administration.
Also in the works are the 250-room Millennium Hotel Doha and three luxury hotels at Pearl-Qatar -- Doha's answer to Dubai's artificial Palm Island.
WINE LIST -- 78 still wines ($22 to $300), with 11 under $30 and 8 from Long Island.
Friends described Mr. Skellas as a construction worker who enjoyed hunting.
Russia has said it will pre-pay $11 billion to $12 billion of Soviet-era debt in the first half of this year.
If you can't make one, the historical society can provide a free guide to walking Troy.
Moses Samuels, a Burmese man in a checked lungi, comes out to meet me.
As soon as the ambulance took her away, officers stormed the house, brandishing rifles and machine guns, Ms. Pennington said.
So why do charities potentially alienate supporters by drowning them in solicitations and giveaways?
The investigators, who were working for lawyers representing Biovail’s chief executive, Eugene Melnyk, according to their attorney, repeatedly took the trash of former Banc of America Securities analyst Jerry Treppel last December.
Nasdaq is under pressure to expand overseas as its bigger rival, the NYSE Group, closes in on a plan to create the first trans-Atlantic equity market with its $15.2 billion acquisition of Euronext, based in Paris.
But for those who have to pay for advertising, the trend is bringing some anxiety.
Thank you so very much!
Richardson's injury can only mean that Coach Larry Brown's lineup tinkering will continue.
Michael and Helene, Christian's brother and sister, are meant to be, in different ways, eternally on the edge of breakdown.
Jagr said there would never be another player like Lemieux.
When mass euthanasia of animals is carried out, all workers should be debriefed to help relieve their stress, Dr. Granger said.
“It conjures a picture of your grandfather out there with a pick and shovel digging up the ground.
They spent $4,000 on lessons at Brushy Creek Ranch and $2,000 on a pair of older polo ponies, but pay next to nothing on monthly upkeep because they participate in Ms. Jones's work-to-ride program.
Newark also had 97 murders in 2005, compared with Jersey City's 39.
And health officials in poor countries are leery of borrowing heavily; no country has yet tapped the Asian Development Bank's $300 million in loans available for bird flu programs.
Moreover, he said: "Japanese anime fans never leave their houses.
The combination of stitchery and paint, with its inevitable hobbyist connotation of needlework, takes some doing to bring off.
The others are holding on, apparently hoping the airline does well enough to send its new shares higher.
Note: This lesson was originally published on an older version of The Learning Network; the link to the related Times article will take you to a page on the old site.
But Wang added that he hoped to have a new general manager by the N.H.L.
"You know, it was a time," she said of the 1972 show, "like being inside of a diamond, you know.
John Devaney Alexandria, Va., June 14, 2006
Sir John is good at this.
We were the king of the road, and they either respected or hated us for it.
"Basic Instinct 2" (MGM/Columbia), which got some of the most savage reviews of any film this year, opened with only $3.2 million in sales, tying for 10th place with "Larry the Cable Guy: Health Inspector" (Lionsgate).
Whatever you think of him, don't forget that he was, in "Rosemary's Baby," one of the screen's most plausible and haunting sons of Satan.
A rented car, available at the airport or in Waikiki, is recommended for getting around.
We have to have a budget where revenue matches spending and spending matches revenue."
The current round of talks, which began in Doha, Qatar, in 2001, has progressed fitfully.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
He declares that the future of world leadership hangs in the balance.
Ireland has a long tradition of hearty, unabashedly sentimental tenors; one of them is RONAN TYNAN, who was part of the Three Irish Tenors group.
She told him she couldn't remember.
ANALYSIS -- The silicone in the product has an instant visible smoothing effect while silica should work throughout the day to absorb oil, preventing pores from looking larger, Dr. Madfes said.
This is a serious disservice to the public, which has a right to know the facts.
The police said that he had recently spent time living in shelters but that his last known address was on Staten Island.
He entered in 1946, studying under photographers like Edward Weston, Imogen Cunningham and Dorothea Lange.
The good guy is as perverted as the perp; in fact the forensics expert is a serial killer.
(Photo by Fred R. Conrad/The New York Times)
So far, Medicare and other insurers do not generally pay for the CT scans to screen the colon, but that is expected to change as the technology improves.
She urged consumers to look at the I.V.P.A.
After all, what 58-year-old man of accomplishment featured in "Public Lives" has ever been remotely considered over the hill?
Wilson can’t restrain himself, for example, from throwing a punch or smashing a garbage can into a car window, just because it feels so good at the time.
Mr. Shadegg, a conservative who entered the race on Friday, said he had already cut into Mr. Blunt's support.
Separately on Friday, AT&T also filed two motions to dismiss.
City Council leaders say Mr. Sheekey is forging a closer relationship between them and the mayor.
But many urban planners, downtown real estate executives and civic leaders contend that the $2.3 billion, 2.6 million square foot Freedom Tower is planned for the wrong place, too big and would be unlikely to attract tenants other than government agencies, though few are willing to say so publicly for fear of offending the governor.
Mr. McCarrick, who is starting his second two-year term on the town board, said he spoke to Mr. Foley in December about the town programs and policies he wanted to see continue, including the open-space program, an overhaul of the way the town buys insurance, and plans to create affordable housing by rebuilding village downtowns.
"Too big, too much pressure on my head."
“People are saying that if they have to, they will fight back,” Ms. Wu said.
The Eslite flagship, 245 Dunhua South Road, Section 1; www.eslitebooks.com , is open 24 hours a day.
But from Barnegat Light on the northern end through a long string of tiny towns to Beach Haven Inlet at the southern tip, car window stickers proclaim "LBI" -- or "Exit 63," for the Garden State Parkway turnoff toward the island.
“Dell dominated the personal computer market for more than two decades with its built-to-order computers and its superior customer service and tech support.
In 1942, he volunteered for the Army Air Corps and served as a gunnery trainer for three years, stationed in Kansas and Alabama.
A onetime vice president to Mr. Moi, Mr. Kibaki had parted ways with him more than a decade ago over the former president's autocratic leadership style.
An estimated 10 million Americans have this progressive retinal disease, though most are not as severely affected as Dr. Schreiber, and some are not yet aware that they have the painless condition.
By the time Jacob's son, Dan Golomb, took over the business in the 1950's, many people were following boxing on television.
Mr. Hafetz said that Mr. Omar's wife had been told by American consular officials that her husband was to be transferred to Iraqi custody.
In his meeting with Ayatollah Sistani, Mr. Maliki won a statement from the religious leader calling for an end to militias and urging that the Iraqi security forces be freed from the grip of sectarian and political dominance.
There are a lot of different ways of looking at pay.
Four or five, maybe six?"
There are several reasons for the tire shortage.
Lace-ups fit for an edwardian.
It was like anything but a group of brilliant folks.”
But they have gone mainstream — and in the process, for the most part, they've become worse.
Oppenheim & Company in Frankfurt, said that "E.On is optimizing how they deal with a good problem for a company to have: they have a lot of money and they have to find a use for it."
The restaurant and bar industry opposes increasing the minimum wage.
A good solid company that doesn't make bombs, that doesn't destroy the environment, hired an extremely competent curator and gave him enough money to build this thing."
During that time, she raised $209,673 and had expenses of $454,601, including the consultants’ fees.
"Yeah, but I think we'll be O.K.," he said.
For all the glitz and glamour, there is a science and even a formula to charity auctions, according to organizers, auctioneers and veteran bidders.
His act of resistance was to hide in the shelter and videotape the proceedings.
As governor, he has approved the first income tax increase in more than a decade, to pay for a range of educational and environmental programs.
Equal parts prophet, scold and stand-up comic, he distributed pamphlets that mixed poetry with polemics about class, AIDS, war, colonialism, immigration and censorship.
finals on ABC and, second to that, Britney Spears's gum-chewing appearance on a special edition of NBC's "Dateline."
The survey increased the mortgage amount on which settlement estimates were based, to $200,000 from $180,000, to reflect more typical borrowing conditions.
Research Finds Viruses Can Be Inserted in Radio Tags A group of European computer researchers has demonstrated that it is possible to insert a software virus into radio frequency identification tags, part of a microchip-based tracking technology in growing use in commercial and security applications.
Some gravel is placed in the channel, plastic pipe with holes in it is laid on the gravel, more gravel is added on top, and the trench is backfilled.
But those looking for subtlety and sophistication should not have wandered into this film in the first place.
Elaine Glicksman Oceanside, N.Y., March 12, 2006
Ambassadors from Indonesia, Pakistan and Egypt went to the State Department to ask that the statue be destroyed rather then renovated.
“We grew up with these people.” Today, Ms. Knecht, a piano teacher who lives in Toms River, N.J., owns a 1,200-square-foot condo, built in 1983, in Trailside Village.
O'Doherty's Restaurant and Irish Pub in nearby St.
She added that she was thrilled that it was in Maine , saying, "See, we're cultured here in Maine, too."
Loving father of Luisa, Jonathan and Nielufar, Gordon and Anna.
The identity of Mr. Novak's original source for the column that triggered the entire case is still unknown, at least to the public.
But the Montenegrin government has indicated that it is against the guidelines.
The white woman is now living with a man, and the two have had their own child.
THE museum is not large compared with the Adirondack Museum 30 miles to the south in Blue Mountain Lake, which has 22 buildings and focuses on the human history of the Adirondacks.
SPORTSSATURDAY, PAGE D7 Guidant Endorses a New Bid Guidant, the medical device maker, agreed to recommend that shareholders accept a $24 billion takeover bid from Johnson & Johnson after it was raised to thwart a rival, Boston Scientific.
The lawyer for one of Mr. Karr’s former wives said in California that she was cooperating with prosecutors and looking for documentation of her ex-husband’s whereabouts at the time of the killing.
Kol Ami, 252 Soundview Ave, White Plains.
Many of the units have already been flipped once, and 26 of the 124 units are back on the market.
Intentionally or not, Mr. Topalov’s protests may have upset Mr. Kramnik’s equilibrium.
One of the things that we say is when you go up on a team, just put them away.
By March 2001, the company had a prototype that allowed voters to see the entire ballot along with a paper record that confirmed their choices.
I was used to walking home or sharing a cab with one of my girlfriends."
"When he leaves the scene, there will be some deep fractures that come out into the open and become wider," said Roger E. Olson, a theology professor at Baylor University's Truett Theological Seminary.
Irvin had only one experience with a misconduct investigation, and he remembered it as an insignificant case.
Wang and Chacon are touch-and-feel pitchers, Torre said, and they need regular work to stay sharp.
She consoled herself with the thought, “It’s not a marriage — it’s only a lease.” The roommate, Douglas Michalek, was living with his parents in Seaford, on Long Island .
He doesn't drive and has few chances to leave the house where he has lived for more than a decade with his father, 84, and his mother, Mabel, 83.
The look-alike might be worth less at Sotheby's, but would it be worth less as art?
Brokers: Neumann; William Pitt Sotheby's International.
To the Editor: I am mystified by the media's repeated depiction of the Democrats as an idea-less, inept political party.
It's full of erudite, witty, ironic people.
John Anderson, a vice president who worked at Alfred for 22 years and had been a candidate for college president, was fired shortly after she arrived.
Many audience members, who had waited through hours of opening acts to hear her, left the show as she struggled through her 45-minute performance.
He'd already seen three or four of my colleagues.
"In rural communities, whether in Vietnam or Turkey, people live very close to poultry," Dr. Farrar said.
She sat in her chair identifying herself, as the chair identified itself, as the table did.
Concerts are also held there.
In Artest, the Kings would have gotten arguably the best perimeter defender in the league and a better all-around player than Stojakovic.
What remains of humanity fights to survive after a mysterious force scrambles cellphone users' brains.
Alas, the bear's squeak was lost and never regained.
BRIDGEHAMPTON - WARM weather may be months away, but it is already high season in the Hamptons beach rental market.
To that end, Azad doesn’t just endure boozy breath and tough beards; he undergoes a crucible of suffering.
In practice, the relative risks and benefits can be very different for each patient depending on age, health and other factors.
And if the evidence is there, they're going to prosecute those violations."
California tested about 96 machines with actual people trying to "vote" and found problems with almost 20 percent of the machines.
But in truth, Enron was always a business scandal, not a political scandal.
President Aristide's example, however flawed, makes it hard for any future Haitian leader to rule without a popular mandate.
Calvin Ayre, chief executive at Bodog Entertainment, said that "knowing the psychology of people who like gambling" would explain why there is nothing superfluous or redundant about promoting virtual gambling in the real-world capital of gambling.
People involved in the investigation have said that Mr. Abramoff funneled money through Toward Tradition to the wife of his associate, Tony C. Rudy, a former top aide to Representative Tom Delay, Republican of Texas.
"I wanted to write about them.
The new place’s candied colors are from the Rockwell Group; the menu has Asian tidbits, including some on sticks.
They are both spiritual and superstitious.
"I was shocked," Ms. O'Donnell said recently, curled on the sofa of her cluttered Times Square office.
We were blessed with your friendship and will miss you everyday.
"They were as common as crows -- no one even bothered to count them," said Prakash Rao, a conservationist with WWF-India.
Reformatting the iPod erases all the songs on it, but you can reload them from your transplanted iTunes library once Windows welcomes the converted iPod.
And instead of the distribution of the ornament all over the facade, most of it is concentrated in a few areas, like the luscious panel of terra cotta above the 12th floor.
It would appear that applying any available technology to identify him is like using a pair of tweezers to isolate an electron.
In lieu of flowers, his family would be grateful for donations in his memory to the Society of St. Vincent de Paul in Phoenix.
One district cited by Mr. Williams was Southington, southwest of Hartford.
Shares of Texas Instruments fell 27 cents yesterday, to $34.18.
He walked onto the court to rebuke the rookie Nate Robinson, then continued his lecture as the team huddled near the bench.
This is "Crazy Asian Mother," which has the subtitle, "how asian parents really act when childrens get B+."
Also working out of California is analyst Russell Lynde.
Culminating in a defiant act of subversion and solidarity, "Stick It" knows that some games are won by refusing to play.
You would think with all the subsequent sensitivity training, we would have turned this corner.
NUNEZ--Carmina on September 7, 2006.
One was Robert Garland, now recognized internationally as a choreographer with fresh, stylish things to say about classical ballet.
But it is hard to keep a secret when it is a computing center as big as two football fields, with twin cooling plants protruding four stories into the sky.
Those are only the résumé entries.
Last week, Mark Burnett, the executive producer of "Survivor," testified that Mr. Hatch's contract made him responsible for the taxes.
Crucial elements of her saga -- which she kept under wraps for more than 50 years -- include the protective support of an older campmate, Ala Gertner, later hanged at Auschwitz for her part in an uprising there; the kindness of a local German family to whose home she was sent under guard to use its sewing machine; her close comradeship with female workers at the various camps; her introduction to her husband, then a G.I., at a Rosh Hashana service after the camps were liberated; her postwar discovery of her two surviving sisters; and her emigration as a war bride to the United States in 1946.
"It was supposed to be about women's empowerment.
The open-plan kitchen doubles as a performance space.
"Ms. Kay will be a witness in this proceeding," Ms. Wuhrer's lawyer, Martin Singer, said.
Peacefully at home at July 21, 2006, surrounded by loving family.
Plenty of goateed comedy writers, Harvard Lampoon veterans and Hollywood people in Brioni suits still mist up at the memory of Kenney, the raffish humor whiz who helped start National Lampoon in 1970, helped write “Animal House” and “Caddyshack” and then fell or jumped off a cliff in Hawaii in 1980.
BRENNAN--Bernard P., Ph.D. New York City Audubon profoundly regrets the passing of our longtime and valued Advisory Board Member.
Juliet's household is full of overeducated snobs.
Since the release of their breakthrough film "La Promesse" in 1996, they have made just three other fiction titles: "Rosetta," "The Son" and now "L'Enfant" ("The Child"), stories about men and women engaged in a struggle -- for money, shelter, a break in the fence, a way into the world -- that is inscribed on the very surface of their restlessly beautiful images.
15, also in 1997, when he earned his first of four green jackets by a record 12 strokes.
Northern Europeans, for instance, are known to have responded genetically to the drinking of cow's milk, a practice that began in the Funnel Beaker Culture which thrived 6,000 to 5,000 years ago.
"You're basically sending a message to the people around you that it's a cool place to be," he said.
Anyone who lugs packages around with a two-wheeled shopping cart knows how difficult it is to maneuver on stairs, especially on buses and in subway stations.
Some students seem to sail through and some stumble through on their own.
The chief executive, Reto Francioni, speaking to reporters before meeting with Euronext shareholders in Paris, reiterated his stance that the Deutsche Börse plan offers more value than the exchange's bid.
The official, an admirer who spoke on the condition of anonymity because getting on Ms. Pelosi’s bad side “ain’t pretty,” added, “She can really smell the goal line.” Ms. Pelosi married her husband, Paul, a millionaire real estate investor, in 1963.
Our condolences to his wife, Sue Ann, a TC alumna and current Trustee; to their two children, John and Jean; and to their five grandchildren.
The man she called Sperm Donor handed her over to foster care in California.
That was on top of previously announced plant closings in Michigan, Georgia and Canada.
"Chicken, frog, duck, all very fresh - that is what we like," said Mr. Li, a 40-year-old business consultant, as he steered a cart through the Hong Kong Market on Main Street.
"Where else should they go?"
I glanced at the antique instrument panel, tightening my four-point safety harness.
"Starter homes for today's young New Yorkers aren't in close-in Levittown (as in earlier generations) but really far out," Dr. Frey wrote.
Susan Ilene Brown and Barbara Ann Gault are to affirm their partnership in a commitment ceremony this afternoon at their home in Silver Spring, Md.
"It's a very good statement so that people can clearly see what the policy of the United States government is," said Rogene Waite, a spokeswoman for the Drug Enforcement Administration.
Tradition says that the winning team buys the losing team a round of drinks, and everyone sits around the bar and rehashes the match.
In one of the most productive careers in music history, he surely wrote enough else to dilute the impact of the "Messiah" in a well-ordered musical universe.
As President Hu Jintao of China made his first state visit to Saudi Arabia yesterday, his arrival in Riyadh offered the latest sign of shifting winds across the oil-rich Persian Gulf region: China has grown as a major market for oil, and Arab states have begun turning to it as an alternative to the United States and Europe in other areas.
According to Salary.com, the median gross income for real-estate sales agents in the United States is approximately $33,000 per year, barely enough to cover ourliability insurance, our own home mortgages and that BMW-lease payment.
The corpse is a 300-year-old play called "House of Desires" by Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz, and the doctors are a group of energetic young actors who pratfall, duel and ham it up fearlessly in an effort to bring the thing to life.
WHAT -- 4-bedroom house with a barn HOW MUCH -- $1,995,000 This 3,900-square-foot house in the Saddle Trail Park neighborhood has three bathrooms and a swimming pool.
Nobody could touch Long Island for tabloid crime in those days, and people were raised right -- they paid attention.
won't allow it to be grown.
Cherished grandmother of Alan of Fort Lee; Nancy of Morristown; Mark (Virginia) of San Francisco, CA; David (Amy) of Medina, MN; Harvey (Stacey) of Boca Raton, FL.
Because of this, Ms. Broomer, who moved from England to New Jersey in 1968, said she has always felt a fondness for the grittier parts of the state, and she gets downright enthusiastic, particularly on gray days, about a stretch of the New Jersey Turnpike that passes through Elizabeth and Perth Amboy.
At Tuesday's practice he warned that it would take a miracle for him to play last night, but that he believed in miracles.
"I think the country came to the brink of civil war," he said in an interview on CNN on Feb. 28.
Add a salad and a loaf of bread, and you have dinner.
Angelina Jolie signed on as the new face of St. John, and now a woman with elaborate tattoos who used to wear her husband's blood in a vial around her neck can be seen in the tabloids wearing the knit suits.
The filing said the clerk at the only white-operated store was known widely as a methamphetamine addict whose husband was in prison for making the drug.
(Photo by Paul Hawthorne For The New York Times)
The Conference Board said that its consumer index rose 4.5 points, to 107.2, the highest level since May 2002.
The House action approved amendments to a bill revising the original act; the revised bill passed the House last year and was adopted last week by the Senate after having been bottled up there for months.
Sales increased 16 percent, to $19.5 billion.
Likes singing in the shower and riding her bicycle in the park.
The immunization plan was a fiasco.
We need to have him that way."
"I don't know that there is a city that has more of a connection to the Hall of Fame than the Eagles," Dr. Hogan said.
Of the 27,822 lodging units in Cancún before Wilma hit, about 60 percent are expected to be open for spring break.
The operations director, Mohammad Shabbir Khan, a naturalized American citizen born in Pakistan, was arrested in Rock Island during an interview in which he denied paying the kickbacks to the former Kellogg Brown & Root employee.
At least two of the six proposals submitted to the city would provide free access: the one from Google and EarthLink, an Atlanta-based Internet access company; and one from SF Metro Connect, a collaboration between Cisco Systems, I.B.M.
"Everybody tells me that Enos is a hell of a good guy, and you know, you can tell he is," James wrote.
So far 55,000 pages, some of them from the 1950's, have vanished.
It involves gathering with several hundred other overachievers for a week or more in the Bahamas or Mexico, unsupervised but for the presence of their fellow travelers in calculus or advanced bio.
Agent: Joan J. Zagone, Century 21 Aspen Real Estate, 800-658-2773; www.c21aspenruidoso.com.
It's a familiar romantic narrative, and includes some fairly trite debates about the existence of God -- not to mention a predictable twist.
TRANSPORTATION -- New York City subways and buses will operate on a Sunday schedule.
It's like saying we don't have to concern ourselves with discrimination against Latinos because someday they will be a majority.
On a morning in early September, more than 100 students and prospective mentors mingled over coffee and bagels.
With round plates, climbing into a banquette is much more friendly."
After lunch, we pile into his Jeep.
Some villages, like Brancaster, date to Roman times.
Of all the California regions, Napa by far has the most cabernet sauvignon planted, with 17,298 acres as of 2004, according to the California Agricultural Statistics Service.
He has both the appraising eye of a chief butler and the self-confidence of a master of the house.
Many of the recent reports of missing people are from distant relatives or friends looking for news.
Based on the movie, the game is done in the style of the Grand Theft Auto video games, with the same mix of shooting and driving in a large, open environment.
He said they were a significant shift for the House, which defied President Bush's call for a temporary-worker program and passed a border security bill in December that would criminalize illegal immigrants.
Traded G Kelly Miller to Phoenix for G Anna DeForge
Books Update E-mail: Receive a selective overview of new book reviews and features every Sunday.
They might even try to undermine his security credentials, and cite the former mayor’s decision to put the city’s emergency operations center in the trade center.
“This happens every day, no matter what your neighborhood.
It seems a small industry has sprung up to produce quilted shopping cart covers that keep babies and toddlers from touching seats and handles.
Those briefed on the company’s review of the operation say detectives tried to plant software on at least one journalist’s computer that would enable messages to be traced, and also followed directors and possibly a journalist in an attempt to identify a leaker on the board.
But nutrition labels for enhanced meat show that they can have as much as 540 milligrams of sodium in a four-ounce portion.
(Mr. Chung was co-inventor of the Furby, the interactive plush toy.)
The flames of hope and kindness and love."
The loft was empty, and I imagined it would soon be completely renovated and buffed to Architectural Digest standard.
Studies sponsored by the National Eye Institute found that daily consumption of a high-dose formula of antioxidants and zinc could reduce the risk that early macular degeneration would advance.
WHEN Reed Molbak was 7 years old and living in Kansas City, Mo., his parents took him to hear a visiting Columbia physics professor lecture about string theory.
That’s what we’re raising with the Democratic Party – there’s got to be an opening up so people are competent, qualified, articulate.
In the United States, the Defense Department has been pressing for a resumption of military aid to Indonesia, which was gradually phased out after Indonesian security forces fired on civilians protesting Indonesian rule in East Timor in 1991.
It is not clear how many of those patients might have been saved had the devices functioned properly.
The two reports are based on entirely different surveys of employers.
One night after a performance there, Ms. Stritch was told that a man who said he had attended her show 12 times in New York and now twice in Boston dearly wanted to meet her.
But the bottom line — that we’re spending way beyond our means as the day of reckoning approaches — probably doesn’t change.
Whichever approach you choose, make sure you anticipate your capacity requirement.
He is a son of Miriam F. Zausner of Suffern, N.Y., and the late Louis Zausner.
Like his wife, Mr. Dunne did reporting to harvest material for his novels, to replenish the image bank in his head, to gain access to people and situations he might otherwise never encounter.
A Democratic National Committee panel considering changes to the presidential primary calendar voted to allow two other states to join Iowa and New Hampshire in voting early in 2008.
For buyers, that occasionally causes a disconnect, according to Mr. Trout.
Two other women who said that they became sleep-eaters while under Ambien's influence were among four former Ambien users who filed suit against Sanofi-Aventis in United States District Court in Manhattan last week, contending they were harmed by the drug.
Needless to say, we needn't have worried.
It was the middle of the winter harvest in Gaza, when Palestinians normally export fruits, vegetables and flowers to Israel, Europe and Arab countries.
When it comes to talking animals, this book’s most enjoyable invention is Gerard, a semi-human parrot with a Machiavellian streak.
The nonpartisan Congressional Research Service recently said that the number of earmarks climbed last year to 15,877 items with a value of $47.4 billion from 4,126 with a total value of $23.2 billion in 1994.
The first time Fisher took the Aztecs to the tournament, in 2002, they were loaded with quick-fix transfers.
MARIANNE ROHRLICH CURRENTS: WHO KNEW?
The children in "They Chose Me!"
“They had put molding around all the doors and lost all the modern aesthetics,” he said.
Ms. Ballesteros cooked at Mexicana Mama, a tiny West Village haunt that became a cult favorite and spawned an offshoot near Union Square.
In Mr. Gotti's last trial in September, notations on a verdict sheet indicated that a single holdout juror refused to convict.
Online on the computer, as well as the Yahoo entertainment page.
Even the island’s one park-service public beach, Sun Bay Beach, is quiet and well-kept.
This means we spend a lot of time in Joanna’s truck, her decrepit hotel room and a dilapidated barn, while she is triply stalked by an abusive ex-boyfriend, a filthy hillbilly and a mysterious, sexy stranger.
Swashbuckling swordplay, the Inquisition and an evil friar are all part of Spain's dark answer to Dumas.
This entertaining book explores a golden age of conversation in France (from 1610 to 1789), in which the aristocracy established a new order, away from the strictures of the royal court.
He relates the greeting he encountered on Boy George’s answering machine (unprintable).
It was not clear, however, if the mayor's decision would withstand a legal challenge.
Gone were scenes that depicted mistreatment of Asian workers in Gulf states and references to Osama bin Laden and a Saudi king.
The ruling, by Judge John Gleeson, called for the State Board of Elections and the Republican and Democratic Parties to immediately halt the nominating conventions.
Frenchy was a connector, one of the especially agile ironworkers whose task was to snatch steel from the sky as it came sailing in on the boom of the derrick, then wrangle it into the building's frame.
She was also a board member of many Manchester and regional organizations.
As we climbed, we were ever aware that on May 8, 1902, it blew its top, expelling 1,000-degree clouds of incandescent ash that vanquished the inhabitants of St.-Pierre in three minutes.
SUSANNA HARDING Airdrie, Alberta, Aug. 4, 2006
This back and forth never let up for me, and I loved it.
The Knicks reached the All-Star Game break with a 15-37 record, 10 games out of the playoff field in the Eastern Conference.
But the size of that spam has risen 227 percent.
He served for many years as a volunteer member of the Delray Beach Police Department.
But they are already almost assured of the team's first playoff berth since 1997.
A week later, the number for "Big Love" was down to 3.4 million after "The Sopranos" attracted 9.2. million.
The argument is that the way ultimately to reduce the supply of government is to reduce the demand for it.
The Knicks have not won a championship since 1973 but to many, this is still a basketball town, Truchil said.
But as spoken, shouted and sung by Harry Connick Jr. and Kelli O'Hara in Kathleen Marshall's delicious reinvention of "The Pajama Game," the 1954 musical that gave new meaning to labor-management relations, that simple little phrase transforms the private pleasures of pillow talk into a heady public celebration.
Farewell, Condo Cash-Outs Links are at nytimes.com/business.
This show was organized by Christopher Y. Lew, Erica Papernik and Elna Svenle, members of P.S.
For months in late 1959, Mr. Lawson led workshops on nonviolence for students from Nashville colleges and universities, including Fisk, American Baptist, and Tennessee Agricultural and Industrial, in preparation for peaceful protests at downtown businesses and for a campaign to desegregate the city’s lunch counters.
Hours: Thursdays through Mondays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Pamela Williams Gallery, 167 Main Street.
Forty-five players moved yesterday; 46 were traded in 2003.
Thirty-five of the men who were arrested were never seen again.
More Protections for Chemical Plants Urged The nation must move to better protect its chemical plants against terrorism, Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said, urging Congress to adopt regulations that the chemical industry has largely endorsed.
It slows the pace of perception."
Monet’s works are augmented by some 300 other works by artists including Pissarro and Gauguin.
Long time Chairman of The 108 and 114th Precinct Industrial Community Council and member of Community Board 3.
Turning to Army Rangers, he says, "The rest of you come with me."
Witty people, miserable love lives, glamorous era: might as well watch.
CUNY's plan also includes scholarships for students who plan to teach math or the physical sciences, new science programs for high school students and a review of CUNY's doctoral programs by an outside panel led by the science dean at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Representatives of the security agency expect that the final programs will resemble the test project in Orlando, where participants pay $80 a year (fees may vary at different airports) and are granted (after security assessments) a biometric identification card that stores images of their 10 fingerprints.
That was all the prodding needed by representatives of the infotainment industry, who spend their days trawling for weird news.
If she does, she's a witch and a shrew.
The other day, I asked Mr. Vard about his restaurant's mouthful of a name, with its internal punctuation and shifting parts of speech.
However, Jordan has sought to prevent the turmoil of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict from spilling into its territory and has had friction with Hamas in the past.
All of a sudden, we see this building in its glory."
For the Kingstons, their Poconos choice was not the final round in their battle.
Broker: Susan E. Goldy Inc. $300,000 to $599,999 Richmondtown $358,000 170 Corona Avenue, Staten Island Number of bedrooms: 3 Number of full bathrooms: 1 Number of half bathrooms: 1 Weeks on market: 1 week 17-year-old semiattached aluminum and brick-sided town house; dining room, eat-in kitchen, attic, laundry room, 22-by-43-ft. lot; taxes $1,962; listed at $365,000.
Shares of Cyberonics soared, and the company went on a hiring spree.
She was strong-minded, independent, and a dedicated churchgoer.
When the film opened, A. O. Scott, writing in The New York Times, described it as "a powerful, compassionate and tough-minded critique of contemporary black manhood."
Mr. Kamman has a buy rating on Cisco's stock.
With flat colors and an occasional bit of subtle color wash, he creates a watery world.
Asked at a Pentagon news conference about General Miller's decision not to testify, which was first reported Thursday by The Washington Post, Gen. Peter Pace, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, defended General Miller's decision to invoke his rights against self-incrimination.
I would like to see this phenomenon considered within a wider context.
The investigation was stopped as soon as Ms. Gilowska resigned.
Their plan, two months in the making, would also require lobbyists to disclose the gifts and meals they provide to lawmakers, and would for the first time require lawmakers to reveal when they designate money for pet projects, known as earmarks, that are often requested by lobbyists.
HUNTINGTON STATION -- "Constructions," drawings and paintings by Graham Everett.
You need only visit the restaurants Perry St. and Jean Georges to believe.
Others do not, including a subscription service offering images, games, ring tones and sound effects, and a product that will let people create animated images of themselves that they can send as messages to friends.
Go to Article from Bloomberg News »
At the 1995 world championship in Stockholm -- which Selanne missed because a lockout caused the N.H.L.
The Microsoft moves, some analysts say, suggest that the company is moving in step with technology and market trends -- and those could work to its advantage.
The crackdown was part of a periodic enforcement campaign by the Police Department, said Paul J. Browne, a department spokesman.
Soon after the internal review was completed, Mr. Spitzer filed the lawsuit against Mr. Greenberg, the company and Howard I. Smith, the company's former chief financial officer.
A. Jabber, a technology first developed in 1998, enables compatible software programs to exchange instant messages over the Internet.
"Sam would tell a couple of those stories," Crenshaw said.
But compounding the problem here is that growth has happened so quickly, the housing market is neither mature nor diversified, local economists and real estate agents said.
In this capacity Mostly Mozart inevitably (like so many other institutions) serves as something of a shrine at which the composer’s faithful can worship.
This weekend the Blanton Museum of Art, which houses the fast-expanding modern and contemporary Latin American and North American collections of the University of Texas at Austin, will open a graceful and impressive new gallery building.
SENATOR COLEMAN: I understand some of the concerns that have been raised about the function of D.H.S.
With torture gone mainstream, it's no surprise that brutality is back in the horror film, albeit with a stamp of approval from the Motion Picture Association and an unrated director's cut heading to the DVD shelves at Wal-Mart.
"Many of the people who voted for us were promised federalism in the south," he said, referring to the form of government allowing for semiautonomous regions.
Indeed, home prices in the Hamptons are up 8 to 10 percent from last year, according to Ms. Saatchi, with the median price now at $800,000.
Increased traffic, windstorms, earthquakes and boating and traffic accidents have further shortened the bridge's life and required extensive repairs.
By the early 20th century, Virginia Woolf complained that "in all this there is no writing for writing's sake," arguing that the letters "heap up in mounds of insignificant and often dismal dust the innumerable trivialities of daily life."
"I'm not thrilled about going," said Mr. Leo, who is making his fifth appearance at South by Southwest.
"The real issue," Mr. Becker said, "is making auto companies put the technology in cars that make them go farther on a gallon of gas."
The store is designed to make customers feel as if they are at the fabled Victoria's Secret fashion show, both on the runway and behind the scenes.
Hal's birthplace was unknown, as was his birthday.
“There are rafting clubs and biking clubs and always some kind of triathlon going on in the area,” said Debbie Hyatt, a real estate agent with Coldwell Banker Appalachian Real Estate in Bryson City, N.C. And there are likely plenty of other options for those who are not outdoorsy.
HABBERSTAD--Howard L., Sr. 71, auto dealer, founder & retired President of Habberstad BMW and Habberstad Nissan of Huntington Station, NY, passed away peacefully in Hospice care on July 11, 2006 after a courageous battle with Lymphoma.
After a zigzag career that included tours as an author, socialite, political wife, conservative maven, gubernatorial candidate and television commentator, the glamorous Greek ex-pat known for inspired political fan-dancing has found traction in a media space better known for rants from people who rarely leave their basements.
Directed by the prolific Hong Kong action master Johnnie To, this genre flick about the art and entertainment of violence opens with a scene that deserves mention alongside similarly famous choreographed scenes in "Touch of Evil" and "Goodfellas," films in which the relentlessly mobile camera represents the exalted aspirations of both the director and the medium itself.
In a 1998 profile of Mister Rogers that Madigan discusses at length, Tom Junod of Esquire (where I work, too) referred to his subject’s “unashamed insistence on intimacy.” As Madigan puts it, “Fred wanted to know the truth of your life, the nature of your insides, and had room enough in his own spirit to embrace without judgment whatever that truth might be.” At the time, the truth of Tim Madigan’s life wasn’t pretty.
The expansion won't be complete until 2008, but when it is, staid should be the last word that comes to mind.
In December, an actor, Jeremy Strong, spent three days there living in the barracks, eating meals with enlisted men and learning how to fire an M-16 rifle and a grenade launcher, among other skills.
"The goalie was making the save, and the second shot was laying right there for us."
"By asking for an accounting of the pros and cons of religion, I risk getting poked in the nose or worse," he declares, "and yet I persist."
The sophistication I’d been seeking wasn’t something I needed to spend a lot of money to find.
But his victory was a narrow one: he won by only one vote after getting the support of Mr. Sadr, who controls 32 seats.
The company has a market value of $12.47 billion.
But Ms. Mundheim was not ready to involve herself again so soon and rebuffed him.
Hope Dad is with you.
It is a question he said he would rather not consider.
The Real Estate Board of New York released a report yesterday, its first ever, that said prices of condos and co-ops went up 35 percent in Brooklyn.
Violent events that punctuate the days, the suicide bombings and the death squad killings that leave rows of beheaded corpses lying at the roadside, draw, in their aftermath, only the most intrepid of foreign reporters and photographers.
Plenty of players would like to fall short like that every year.
While Mr. McCreevy was presenting his new version of the services directive to members, the commission published a raft of legal actions intended to tackle abuses of Europewide laws by some countries.
Indeed, in its point of view and anthropological detail it recalls nothing so much as one of Laura Ingalls Wilder's autobiographical books, "Little Yurt on the Steppe," if you will.
That's accepted wisdom in the opera world.
Father of Karyn Altman, Lauren Brennan (Eric) and Tracey Pietrzak (Tony).
Ms. Wasserstein's abundant gift for comedy and her plays' popularity disguised the more serious ambitions underpinning her writing.
In one McConnell semifinal on Monday, an American team of Hansa Narasimhan, Jill Levin, Irina Levitina, Jill Meyers, Debbie Rosenberg and JoAnna Stansby was down by 9 international match points to a Swedish team after the first quarter.
Photos: Kim Uffleman, shown with her dog, Topaz, has had chronic Lyme for 17 years.
Edward Clarke, president of the tenants association at Boulevard Towers I in Soundview in the Bronx, which also left Mitchell-Lama, said tenants who stayed are paying rents similar to what they paid before.
Those briefed on the plans said Google would announce that CBS and the National Basketball Association would sell programming through its service, which will also be available to smaller video producers.
With so many people looking at trends, what are some of the top ones for 2006?
The company instead chose to go it alone, and — at Mr. Sze's urging — Greylock kicked in a large portion of the $25 million in additional venture money that Facebook raised.
Players Association, said that Tagliabue and other negotiators for the owners asked late Sunday night to take the offer to the full group of owners, just hours after talks broke off for what appeared to be the final time.
Perhaps worse for the Nets was that they hit 6.7 percent of their 3-point attempts, the lowest percentage in their playoff history.
For anybody who has attended various events related to the Oscar run-up, Terrence Howard has been tough to ignore.
"It's a very explosive film in Bolivia because it shows close up a very deliberate strategy," said Jim Shultz, an American political analyst in Bolivia who recently saw the film with a group of friends.
His satire contains no-holds-barred discussions of class divisions, immigration and the drinking problem.
Hewlett-Woodmere Public Library, 1125 Broadway.
"(k)nots," Visual Arts Gallery, New Jersey City University, 2039 Kennedy Boulevard, Jersey City, through March 31.
"The challenge is to transcend that self-seriousness and produce journalism that people read."
It's only making them more aggressive, compulsive and narcissistic.
Its design acknowledges the Ise model but is even more abstract.
The aides predict that these Latinos are more likely to approve of Mr. Schwarzenegger’s stance on other issues, such as his advocacy for small businesses and tax cuts and his promises to improve education and health care.
and ABC doing much regulating of content while taking their advertisers' money.
Even more important, he said, is the consistency of the wine's high quality.
That tumultuous composition could easily overwhelm a soloist.
"And it's not unlikely in today's environment that your shortcut is going to end up on the front page of the newspaper.
Later in her life, the issue of her religious heritage became a persistent irritant.
Mr. Masters notices that he "often talks about previous events as though he were studying a damaged photograph pixel by pixel"; part of the image always seems to be missing, while other bits are recalled in high-intensity detail, cut off from all other context.
He has preened in his finely tailored suits and Ferragamo shoes.
More than 3,500 people now die each year waiting for a kidney transplant.
The East End is where Long Island's immense river of cars and trains turns into a pair of trickling tributaries, choked to chronic inefficiency in that narrow, remote terrain.
Foundation executives said they believe the Port Authority should pay these infrastructure costs.
Brice Marden, whose 40-year-career is the subject of a quietly magnificent retrospective at the Museum of Modern Art, is unusual among major American postwar painters.
Judge Nicholas G. Garaufis of Federal District Court ruled yesterday that he would not recuse himself from the coming trials of a mob figure who prosecutors say put the judge’s name on a hit list.
Sugar is stored in the body as fat.
Robert Ward’s fiercely funny new novel, FOUR KINDS OF RAIN (St. Martin’s Minotaur, $22.95), might be read as a cautionary tale about liberals who hide from themselves behind their humanitarian values.
The best way to help his fellow detainees, Swift told him, was not to martyr himself but to follow through on their challenge to the system.
But in a wide-ranging interview last week, just a day after he returned from signing a final agreement in Rome, Mr. de Montebello made it clear that his philosophy about collecting — and even the cultural value of an international market in illicit antiquities — has changed little in 29 years at the museum's helm.
He encourages diners to drag the meat they've picked through the sauce if they're so inclined, or to go pig-to-plate (or pig-to-mouth) if not.
Still, the association of crime and immigration is not a figment of the Swedish imagination.
We are to believe that Grimes and his minions concoct damaging rumors about companies they're planning to short-sell and deliver them straight to Bigley.
And its selection over Roth's other books is indicative of how important this question is taken to be.
“I coin the phrase, and people use it, and it goes back to me.” In fact, he has a related set of T-shirts coming out in the fall.
More than $1.2 million Upper East Side $1.5 million 170 East 87th Street, Gotham Number of bedrooms: 2 Number of full bathrooms: 2 Number of half bathrooms: 0 Weeks on market: 41 weeks 1,457-sq.-ft. condo in a postwar building; 24-hr.
With a score by Stefan Weisman, "Darkling" is an "operatic fantasia on themes of emotional fragmentation," in the words of the director Michael Comlish, who conceived the idea of adapting for the stage Anna Rabinowitz's book-length poem about a restless Polish couple who marry hastily before the invasion of the Nazis.
Earlier, it was a Newsweek story about a desecrated Koran.
In 1999 she traded in hip-hop to be a member of the bubblegum-parody pop group the Backdoor Boys (center).
That's something I want to participate in.
Companies have raised prices on many top-selling medicines by 6 percent or more this year, double the overall inflation rate.
Their new apartment has 3,700 square feet.
She is a daughter of Marlene B. Israel and Dr. Archer J. Israel of Mount Sinai, N.Y.
Adu, D.C. United's sometimes-promising, sometimes-impetuous teenager, went public with his frustrations over a lack of regular playing time and implied that he wanted to be traded.
“The Yacoubian Building” was a best seller in Egypt, and this summer a feature film based on the novel opened there to popular and critical acclaim (although members of the Egyptian Parliament began an effort to censor certain scenes).
They gave up Trevor Ariza, who rarely played, and Penny Hardaway, who almost never suited up.
A playwright and visual artist, she is shown piecing together a new work with a preferred medium: eggshells.
Her father, who is retired, was a medical statistician and demographer for the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company in Manhattan.
"I wish our response could be that speedy."
Golden Bridge, 50 Bowery, south of Canal Street, (212) 227-8831; www.goldenbridgerestaurant.com.
Mr. Reuter said construction costs would be $405 a square foot, a rate he said was at the low end of the spectrum in New York.
Mr. Grande was inducted into the Rockabilly Hall of Fame in 1997.
Ms. Smith dons period dress for some visitors, including schoolchildren, though Mr. Smith usually just wears a sport coat.
"I know Michael wouldn't like to be defined by Euro Brokers," she said.
So, sure, perhaps it could have happened in Sweden or Russia, but because it happened in Japan, I will be forever grateful to that country and amazed.
"If anything, I'm just more relaxed," she said.
Looking for Mozart at the bottom of the pile was a waste of time.
But the authors of the new study found evidence that changes at a cellular level make the elderly use more oxygen to perform the same amount of work as the young.
Mr. Icahn has retained Seiden Krieger Associates, an executive search firm, to help him find executives to nominate.
About the only person in Stockton who is not smitten with Hannah is Gareth van Meer, who churlishly dismisses her as “commonplace.” His contempt perplexes Blue.
But ownership is often dangerous for Boris's descendants -- especially Ben, who puts himself at risk when he impulsively lifts the little picture off the museum wall and smuggles it home.
The Democrats controlling the Assembly are also utterly uninterested in paying down debt to increase long-term solvency.
By evening's end, the Rangers were controlling play.
Under blistering criticism from senators of both parties, the Bush administration announced several steps on Thursday to help beneficiaries who could not get their medications through Medicare.
But after he took insulin, his diabetes settled down almost at once.
We never heard what they said to each other, but voting members came out with their scripts set.
I saw a promising desk wedged into the back of a secondhand store on Fifth Avenue near Second Street, buried under a pile of old LP's and a cut-glass punch bowl.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
Near a GNC and Sam Goody ("Store closing, entire store on sale!
One Spanish diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to talk to the news media, said Spain was committed to avoiding further recriminations.
Computerized trains are used in San Francisco, London and Paris, but in New York the system has not been well publicized and is unfamiliar to most riders.
Pennington, who is believed to want to remain with the Jets, was apparently stunned by the offer.
THE link between American opera and theater is hardly new.
This autobiographical erotic novel, by a North African woman calling herself by the pseudonym Nedjma ("Star"), takes a matter-of-fact look at the sexual awakening of Badra, a Muslim woman living in a traditional Arab society.
A passenger found him lying on the floor of a car on the N train at Stillwell Avenue and alerted the conductor, who called the police.
During the research stage, instruct groups to split into smaller groups or pairs, each of which will research, write and rehearse one of the following parts: opening statement, witness statement, witness statement, closing statement and rebuttal.
Both reports suggested that the losses may soon outweigh the effects of Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg's efforts to build and preserve 165,000 units of low- and moderate-income housing by 2013.
ABC said yesterday that "Commander in Chief" would return in the spring, but no date was announced.
He also expressed frustration that a mine safety bill sponsored by Representative Nick J. Rahall II, Democrat of West Virginia, and supported by the West Virginia delegation had yet to receive a vote from the full committee.
"You'll see a lot of shows where dwarfs are the running joke."
Barnes & Noble said last month that the Securities and Exchange Commission was conducting an informal review of the company’s options practices.
Hibernophiles, however, should not fret.
When the restored theater was destroyed by a fire in 1994, residents began rebuilding the next day, and it reopened eight months later.
But nearly a year before his arrest in the subway plot, he began spending time in the company of the Egyptian man who was later revealed to be working for the police.
Mr. Hall didn't grow up here; he spent his childhood in Hamden, Conn., which he thought of as a socially monochromatic suburb, but this is the house that brought him to poetry, or rather brought poetry to him.
"What does indeed constitute a responsible mining operation?"
He was the greatest of the greatest generation.
Militia members had been dumping bodies into the sewers nearby, and they would wind up at the station.
Interviews and a review of government documents show that a democracy-building group close to the White House, and financed by American taxpayers, undercut the official United States policy and the ambassador assigned to carry it out.
When asked yesterday about the agreement, Anna Farneski, a spokeswoman for the university, said she had no comment.
Mr. Reid said the major problem, however, was that Mr. Frist had shaken hands on the bipartisan compromise and then was unable to quiet Republican critics who were trying to gum up the works.
Mr. Ali, who is from Karachi and who looked to be in his late 20's, said he received training to fight five years ago, when the Taliban were still in power, but never went to Afghanistan.
Mr. Zarqawi's willingness to attack civilians has led to some skirmishes between his network and Iraqi resistance fighters.
"These are one of the means used by the Palestinians against Israel's F-16's and tanks," he said of the suicide attacks, giving a stock answer.
He jumped up, saying, "I should show you ...." before disappearing out the door.
He made his way into small-circulation prestige rags like Antaeus and Tin House.
Manhattan jury pools are rich in celebrities, and Mr. Goodman can summon a deputy, Vincent Homenick, to provide a comprehensive list of those who have been called: Kevin Bacon, Roberta Flack, Henry Kissinger, Walt Frazier, Harvey Keitel, and so on, scores of them.
He chose a picture by Nicholas Nixon that looked out over Midtown Manhattan, echoing the view from his desk.
for us to exercise almost naked in public," Ms. Fox said.
Contributions may be made in her memory to Planned Parenthood or other charity.
I think nature does that with society.
Sports of The Times E-mail: selenasports@nytimes.com
Mr. Shays said he was not sure how his support for Mr. Lieberman would affect his race against Ms. Farrell.
Parliament was suspended in May 2002 by the elected prime minister, who turned out to be one of a series of premiers deposed and installed by the palace.
Vento is Steve Hanson's larger, more casual version of Fiamma Osteria, his three-star Italian restaurant in SoHo.
The answer: Wherever she wants.
Janet Skidmore, a spokeswoman for Merck, said the deal was not an attempt to replace Vioxx, which was withdrawn from the market after it was found to raise the risk of heart attacks.
That quality comes at a price: longer download times.
My own now-grown daughter will forgive me (I checked) for recalling the evening I dashed over to a Chinese takeout place, leaving my week-old infant at home with a visiting friend.
Even so, the 55 houses in the first building phases at Milestone have all sold.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 12 (Dow Jones/AP) — Vonage Holdings investors who have balked at paying for shares they bought in the company’s initial public offering, now worth less than half of the original price, began receiving letters this week from brokerage firms telling them to write a check or risk legal action.
YOUNG LOVE The News -- CBS and Time Warner said they would team up to turn two small young television networks, UPN and WB, into a new one called CW.
(Brantley) * 'THE PAJAMA GAME' Sexual chemistry in a Broadway musical?
The furor seemed to die down after the top reggae stars privately agreed to avoid recording violent antigay rhetoric in the future.
The broadcasts stem from an alliance between the network and Major League Gaming, billed as the first professional video-game league.
Love to Marcia and Charlie.
Mr. Mulvany warns, "You can be so exposed to the elements up there, you literally feel like you're in the Arctic Circle."
Most of all, he needed money, he said, and if we couldn’t arrange emergency financing, he planned to get it by any means possible.
If the Avalanche had won the Stanley Cup, Selanne might have retired in 2004.
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ( //www.rockhall.com/exhibitions/past.asp?id=493 ) features information from the special exhibition entitled, “Roots, Rhymes + Rage: The Hip-Hop Story.” Related Times Articles Academic Content Standards: Grades 6-8 Language Arts Standard 1- Demonstrates competence in the general skills and strategies of the writing process.
Mr. Silverstein said it was harder to recruit celebrities for ads with companies that had not traditionally used them.
Officers saw Amanda Branscum lying in the road unhurt; the bodies of Trevor Branscum and the children were inside the house.
Psychologist and author, died on May 9 at his home in Brooklyn.
According to ABC News's translation of one of the most credible documents, in early 1995 Mr. bin Laden -- then living in Sudan -- met with an Iraqi government representative and discussed "carrying out joint operations against foreign forces" in Saudi Arabia.
The eight-piece ensemble will appear at 8 p.m. Monday on WLIW-TV, Channel 21, in "Blackmore's Night: Castles and Dreams," an hourlong special culled from their two-part DVD of the same name, filmed last year at a castle in Germany.
Throughout most of New York's history, oysters were incredibly cheap.
The 54-page report, based largely on interviews with former detainees and publicized information, including news accounts, is not legally binding.
Cricket, perhaps best understood by Americans as baseball’s leisurely gentleman uncle, isn’t only about the action, though there’s plenty of that.
But I must say, I hope they are smart enough to put together a strong policy team as Michael Bloomberg has done.
Russia has blamed terrorists for the sabotage, noting that underground Islamic groups that collaborate with separatists in Chechnya are known to operate in the region.
The pan is also too big and heavy for making crepes, another suggestion.
"Under no circumstances," it says, "may leg irons or shackles or waist shackles be used on any pregnant female prisoner who is in labor."
Tennison began the fourth season with an abortion.
"Schuttbild" is the product of one of the artist's first ritualistic performance actions.
The bald eagle, a national symbol of majesty from the country's earliest days, moved several steps closer on Monday to leaving the list of threatened or endangered species.
The segment had Mr. Frey greet and talk with a client at the Retreat who had written to Ms. Winfrey saying that his book had convinced her to seek help for her addiction.
He had no real interest in it, and he certainly wasn't going to call me out of the blue to inquire about the moldy smell emanating from the heating unit in my dorm, or the quality of the school infirmary, much less the nautical imagery in "Hamlet."
The A(H5N1) virus can survive for days or even weeks in water.
Brokers: Coldwell Banker; Century 21 Royal.
In an ocean of franchise duplicates, La Flor stands out for its looks as well as its food.
Agata & Valentina has the pears until the second week of June, $2.49 a pound.
But they hired a contractor, Nick Dillon, who was already working in the building, to add lighting, build bookshelves and soundproof the bedroom.
Structures already complete include Promenade East on Oxford Avenue, seven stories of red brick with balconies.
By law, the county had until Jan. 1, 2005, to adjust the assessed valuation of every property affected by the hurricane.
"I opened it and looked inside," Mr. Kaplan said, "and there was a picture of Jimmy Hydell."
Last Thursday, the company said that advertising spending on its cable networks had jumped 20 percent in July, and that cable ad revenue was up 17.2 percent, to $286 million, for the quarter.
But he did not go far enough in his analysis.
Aside from Ms. Stewart, Blueprint's first advertisers include Ford, Turning Leaf wine and Howard Johnson.
Leinart chose Price as his agent in January, then added Leigh Steinberg to handle his contract negotiations to take advantage of his experience.
And her chapter on the Andean condor vividly illuminates Darwin's desire to comprehend the puzzling creatures of the New World.
But it was worth the wait, she said.
Real-estate prices lagged far behind those in larger and jazzier cities -- until recently.
(Brantley) 'DOG SEES GOD: CONFESSIONS OF A TEENAGE BLOCKHEAD' The "Peanuts" characters grow up, do drugs and have sex in this dark, disposable parody.
's middle class, not bad enough to snare high draft choices, not good enough to make a championship run.
Nir Goldberg of Tel Aviv and his wife, Tamal -- the 11:30 p.m. appointment on a recent Thursday night -- left their checkbook in their hotel room because they did not feel safe carrying them around so late at night.
Some of these institutions recently joined other private schools to form the National Elite Athletic Association.
Besides the vows of news-media silence enforced on assistants by Belichick and Parcells, Miami Dolphins Coach Nick Saban, who worked under Belichick in Cleveland as his defensive coordinator, also keeps his assistants as quiet as Benedictine monks.
Kelly Maureen Devers and John Edward Franklin III were married yesterday at Gedney Farm in New Marlborough, Mass., by Robbie A. Goffin, a friend of theirs, who was granted permission from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts to officiate.
Does little-girlhood end now at 4?
"I feel like if I'm going to break the record, it should be on some good-looking goal," Jagr said.
That is true as well of Jessie Willcox Smith's images of mothers and children, which express a yearning for an otherworldly domestic bliss.
"What skills did I have?
Still, he said, "For some people it's just what they need to make treatment doable."
Beloved and devoted wife of Jeffrey for 46 years.
Passed away in Durban, South Africa on 4th September after a short illness.
With his shaved head and white shift, Mr. Greco moves like a silky, dangerous ghost.
The second part was to include in the poem certain words, words drawn from a specific text on another subject altogether.
Along with a handful of other farmers from around the world, Mr. Knoll’s image was on promotional banners hung all over Turin on structures left over from the Olympics.
But Smith & Wesson fell more drastically than the others, mainly because of its agreement in 2000 to adopt gun safety measures to settle lawsuits brought by state and federal agencies.
A third patient was later found to have had the disease.
"They have the ability to press.
And with a price tag of nearly $1.4 million, it wasn’t cheap either.
They talk, order small plates and drink.
On that score, Mr. Sheen was offered an opportunity to see how his character's appeal would play in a real-life campaign.
Guard Becky Hammon, who scored 6 points, said, "This team hasn't gotten to the point where we trust each other."
The Italian "Don't Tell" deals with an issue all too familiar from dozens of American talk shows, recovered memories of childhood abuse.
Cellphones were banned outright in 2004.
Put the emphasis on the word "movie."
He told John Gordon of "Future Tense" on American Public Media ( futuretense.publicradio.org ) that information technology managers were increasingly finding keylogging software on their systems.
In Grant Park, this city’s front yard along Lake Michigan, a dizzying pack of people filled the streets evening after evening, all holding their gazes firmly on the little plates in their hands, loaded with catfish beignets, curly fries smothered in cheese, pirogies with sour cream, beer-battered artichoke hearts, and fried dough buried in berry sauce and whipped cream.
At times, his voice quavered slightly as he discussed his family and, briefly, his role as a judge.
The source of Radaker's problems behind the wheel seemed easy enough to trace and underscored Martin Sweeney's comments about the extended state of extreme vigilance the soldiers in Iraq had endured.
A wet T-shirt on a swimmer provides at best an S.P.F.
He graduated magna cum laude from Brown and received his law degree from Yale.
The tickets will be available at the Carnegie box office, beginning on Monday at 2 p.m.
In Week 17, the N.F.L.
But his testimony should trouble moderate Republicans, especially those who favor abortion rights or are concerned about presidential excesses.
Frustrated by drug development protocols, Jamie forms his own foundation, recruits a team of scientists and sets out to find a cure.
He said that being the fund’s sole trustee was “the most daunting part of the job.” “You have to make decisions about what asset classes you’re going to put your money in: how much in bonds, how much in stocks, how much in real estate, how much in private equity,” Mr. McCall said.
Those sentiments and that proximity should come in handy over the next two years.
The alternative matrix display, used by Southwest and other airlines like AirTran Airways and Alaska Airlines, lends itself to the simpler fare structures of low-fare carriers.
AS children, many of us embraced the comforting fiction (do not read too closely, Virginia) that as the holiday season approached, elves in their Arctic workshops were hammering out everything from baby dolls to toy airplanes.
Go to Article from The Telegraph »
Two people involved with the negotiations said earlier in the day that the talks "nearly blew up" several times yesterday, but tempers cooled and the talks continued.
"We're growing the government at a pace that makes Democrats look thrifty," he said.
If the answer is not obvious, Zarin Mehta, the orchestra's president, makes a decision, Mr. Latzky said.
Mr. Undercofler will succeed Joseph H. Kluger, who announced his departure last May.
Still, Dr. Motte implied that sex and drugs were a given.
Clearly we have had issues, and in all likelihood will continue to."
So far, Blackstone Group seemed to be in the lead with its latest $13.5 billion investment vehicle, which is expected to close shortly.
McGhee turned the lights down and began to examine the patient.
It was Mr. Banga's turn to bask in the glow of Mr. Clinton's approval.
Nobody discriminates against one another.” The discrimination is just a short walk away through the temple grounds, among the visitors who come to worship and the vendors who sell them food and souvenirs.
She was a member of the Board of Directors, an active leader of the Westchester Board and a tireless volunteer for over 41 years.
Phil Cardinale, the town supervisor, denounced Broadwater's offer to pay the town $15 million a year to avert any future tax claims as "hush money."
"I would never recuse myself from those kinds of things that have a broad reach across an entire industry," she said.
Ms. Caldwell called the recent agreement "a tremendous victory."
“I couldn’t imagine them telling me my daughter has cancer,” he said, “when I could have stopped it.” Shifting Medical Advice Cancer-prone families are only just beginning to hear about P.G.D.
Vietnam is often portrayed through American eyes here, so it is refreshing to be offered a different view.
This novel begins, for example, with a striking image of meat hanging from trees: “Ree Dolly stood at break of day on her cold front steps and smelled coming flurries and saw meat.
I've closely followed the hearings this week, and I know you're familiar with the examples.
South won with his diamond jack, played a club to dummy's queen, and continued with the club king.
Nonetheless, the trial presented a narrative of Daniel’s misery, which ended on Jan. 2, 2002, when he hung himself in his bedroom closet.
The summer fashion surprise this year was the number of men totally in black: shirts, ties and suits, left and above.
("Dessin," the French word for drawing, is masculine.)
Mr. Kaskiv was optimistic, however, about one thing.
Children can enjoy an active Little League, and adults can drop into the Doxsee Sea Clam Company, a 141-year-old family-owned business on Bayside Drive, to pick up frozen food for lunch or dinner, paying for it on the honor system by depositing the precise amount in a box near the door.
"Servicers have to do what makes sense, in terms of minimizing their overall losses," Mr. Kornfeld said, adding that while delinquent borrowers shouldn't expect generous treatment, there should be flexibility.
And J. Fergus Shiel, 48, a Fidelity veteran who left two years ago to start his own hedge fund, returned in September to take over portfolios with close to $8 billion in assets.
She was put in the only school around that was open to blacks, where beat-up textbooks were the norm, and discovered "colored only" water fountains in stores.
Randi Weingarten, president of the United Federation of Teachers, supports the proposal.
" It was a scene that Peter Parker would appreciate.
This goes for students, teachers, staff and educational leaders.
(Chinen) TIM BERNE'S BIG SATAN (Tomorrow) Mr. Berne, a vigorous and exploratory alto saxophonist, makes interplay the driving force in his band, with the guitarist Marc Ducret and the drummer Tom Rainey, recently reunited for a monthlong tour.
We extend our deepest sympathies to his wife Lorna, and his son Ricky, and to his many friends.
The New Directors/New Films festival concludes its 35th edition with two French and four American films, several fresh from the Sundance Film Festival.
The main thing that distinguished him was his rural residency status.
Several federal and state agencies participated, as did nonprofit groups including the American Red Cross and the Salvation Army.
The judge was echoing a position taken by scientific expert witnesses, who had testified that science is a method, not a creed -- a way of finding things out about the natural world, not a refutation of anything beyond that world.
"Thank God I made it," said Carter, whose Nets had trailed by 8 points with two minutes left and by 6 with a minute remaining.
It does, however, require that users remember where they took their photos.
"It's no longer just Grandma and Grandpa, but all ages," said Gunnar Aaserud, the executive architect at Yran & Storbraaten, an Oslo-based design firm that is modernizing the Silversea fleet.
If you treat it as a bar where you can have some fun with inexpensive and often terrific finger food, however, a little hit or miss is not a problem.
"But I have to err on the side of information.
Sworn depositions taken by lawyers from the Center for Reproductive Rights, a legal advocacy organization, show that some of the agency’s staff members were convinced that no amount of scientific evidence would have persuaded the F.D.A.’s political appointees to approve the application.
"That's where our biggest worries are."
A standard waterfront lot, about a third of an acre, costs a minimum of $200,000, and larger lots can climb as high as $700,000, depending on the view.
"We need the food industry to feed us," said David S. Ludwig, the director for the obesity program at Children's Hospital in Boston.
Influenced by Japanese manga characters, it costs $1,750.
13 1 SWORD OF DARKNESS, by Kinley MacGregor.
"That didn't work out," he said.
(Scotland has an independent education system, and its own lists.)
The Sunday afternoon performance had a slightly harder, more conclusive edge than Saturday evening’s.
"Campos de Níjar" (1960), a report on poverty in Andalusia, had an effect on European readers comparable to James Agee and Walker Evans's "Let Us Now Praise Famous Men."
Mr. Vassall was charged with unauthorized veterinary practice, criminal mischief, injuring animals and petty larceny.
"To September," Father Conway said.
She said it after bites of pro forma short ribs; of slightly soggy Wiener schnitzel with vinegary potato salad; of a wedge of red-center tuna, with a cumin and coriander crust, that tasted blandly like something you've eaten 842 times before.
Jo Winiarski's sleek set -- all geometric shapes and silver appliances -- invokes a world divorced from nature, and Kirk Bookman's shadowy lighting brings noir to the suburbs.
This is a good time to hike in the extraordinary Hajar Mountains of the Oman Promontory, a small hunk of rugged Omani land at the tip of the Musandam Peninsula, just a few hours’ drive northeast of Dubai.
But two Redick free throws boosted the lead to 3 with 15 seconds left, and that set up what could have been the officials' most controversial call.
"It was really easy for me, and I got all A's.
FRANCHIA (212) 213-1001; 12 Park Avenue (35th Street); $; Article: 4/30/03.
But that issue "has nothing to do with the question in this case," he said.
Go to Article from The New York Times »
Late last year, it introduced several new features, including Trip Planner, where travelers post their journeys and reviews for others to see.
Mr. Hu said the move threatened stability in the Taiwan Strait and the region.
"For our part, the United States is keeping all options on the table in addressing the irresponsible conduct of the regime," he said of Iran.
"This was not a random act of violence, the victim was targeted," said David Chong, the police commissioner.
They're available at an observation deck, next to the idyllic 19th-century Chapel of St. George.
It is the French edition, first published in 1958, not the original Yiddish manuscript.
SENATOR GRAHAM -- There you go.
The most amazing moment in the film comes when Sara refuses to allow Brad's best friend and roommate, Megan, to join them in the birthing room.
Tracing the history of antiquities collectors who lived on the frontiers of the British Empire in India and Egypt, Jasanoff describes a phase in Europe's overseas expansion when empire looked less like a one-way system of domination and more like a means of cross-cultural fusion.
Monday through Thursday, 9 a.m. to 9 p.m.; Friday to 6 p.m.; Saturday to 5 p.m.; Sunday, 1 to 5 p.m. Public Library, 20 Jesup Road.
But the defense team, working pro bono, says that new witnesses continue to come forward.
Barcelona Tired of sloshing around in the same old trampled fields?
If any lesson could be drawn from the ordeal, many relatives said, it was that losing a loved one was difficult enough but that having a loved one murdered was inestimably worse.
It will take many years to reverse this dismal tide.
Mr. Bush is asking Congress, first and foremost, to make his tax cuts permanent and to increase spending on national security, while looking for savings in popular domestic programs like Medicare and vocational education.
Wichita State (26-8) has defied critics who thought the Missouri Valley Conference was overrated and did not deserve to have four teams in the tournament this year.
Though the force is currently authorized for 37,038 officers, there were actually only about 36,450 yesterday; the total changes every few days because of retirements and resignations and because new officers generally enter only twice a year, in January and July.
Savings off flight and room booked on suppliers' sites: $72.
The ensemble is the Academy of Maqam, from Tajikistan; it has three lutelike stringed instruments, a single-frame drum and seven singers.
Gourmand 31 Westwood Avenue Westwood, (201) 722-8822 GOOD ATMOSPHERE -- A downtown storefront bistro, basic and barely adorned.
Iran and Syria have Kurdish populations, too, and would probably also object.
Go to Article from Reuters » Shares of Tim Hortons jumped as much as 42 percent in the first day of trading Friday, a day after the Canadian company had the biggest North American initial public offering in nine months.
The coyotes are fairly rare, but they are there; otters, fishers (relatives of weasels), bobcats, bears and even moose have been seen, too, Mr. Christie said.
But the young man cannot do it.
Challenger, president of Challenger, Gray & Christmas, a Chicago firm that follows workplace trends, G.M.
We carried extra gas in cans (metal cans are safer than plastic ones).
The Republican and Democratic leaders on the Government Reform Committee sent a letter to the White House Council on Environmental Quality requesting documents by Aug. 11 on the activities of Philip A. Cooney, a former lobbyist for the petroleum industry with no science background who edited climate reports while chief of staff of the environmental council.
On one visit I found a collection inspired, according to various reports, by the cult films of Andy Warhol, the colors of David Hockney and the outfits of the legendary rodeo tailor Nudie.
But Kauffmann could also see that even if the title role of the bewitching courtesan had been incarnated by a bewitching actress — and Martine Carol, through no fault of her own, was no more bewitching than a bus driver in Communist Kiev — the movie would still have been ruined by its dumb happy-hooker script.
Some, like “Freakonomics,” are priced like hardcover editions ($16); others, like “The Devil Wears Prada,” are priced like the paperbacks ($8).
Until recently, the firm did not move to re-establish a full-fledged operation in Moscow.
KNICKS FIRE BROWN, REFUSING TO PAY OUT CONTRACT -- A year of disharmony ends.
Some spots that fell short or rang falsely are being awarded tin medals.
It’s never entirely clear whether the power is servicing the glory or the other way around.
It all works because it's all of a piece.
(Nathan Lee) 'SHE'S THE MAN' (PG-13, 105 minutes) "Twelfth Night" is recast as a hysterically peppy romantic comedy about a she-jock penetrating the boys' soccer team.
For the last three decades, Mr. Gary made his art from the detritus of postwar American consumer culture.
Despite the proliferation, the university has not been shy about trying to safeguard its name, Ms. Cliatt said.
"It had to be written one day."
He has Japanese horror flicks that were never released here.
A graduate of The Brearley School and the Rhode Island School of Design, Ms. Bartlett distinguished herself at House Beautiful magazine for 30 years.
The new president-elect, Dr. Brian Day, has openly run his private hospital in Vancouver even though it accepts money from patients for procedures that are available through the public system, which is illegal.
On Thursday afternoon, hours before the company's announcement, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which owns the Newark container port, said it would terminate the lease of P&O Ports, the current manager of the terminal, in an effort to stop what it termed an illegal transfer to the Dubai company.
Four Boroughs Less than $300,000 Port Richmond $278,351 11 New Street, Staten Island Number of bedrooms: 3 Number of full bathrooms: 2 Number of half bathrooms: 0 Weeks on market: 21 weeks 91-year-old, vinyl-sided Cape Cod; dining area, living-room fireplace, h/w floors, new roof and heating system, 32-by-58-ft. lot; taxes $1,001; listed at $299,000.
Or take this description of the arrival of the rainy season: “On the savannah, the seasons begin and end with rains.
He threw a thrifty 58 pitches, 7 short of the first-round limit for pitchers.
Dating back to the outbreak of massacres in 1915 -- unlike the negligible reporting of the Holocaust buried in the back pages -- The New York Times has been consistently up front in its coverage of the Armenian tragedy and the denial of its true nature by the Turks.
Comparing past successful triathlons to this gut wrencher, he calculated that the difference came down to a common problem (too little water) and a surprising one (too many calories, which sat like a lump in his stomach).
That left, conservatively, 15 other lights to extinguish before I went to sleep.
"I'm sure at some point in the near future he'll be tested, but I think it's a good idea that all fighters, regardless of how tough a fight they've had, should be tested."
Doubles, with breakfast, run from 100 to 190 euros.
HUNTINGTON -- "Distinctive Dances," with Soyeon Lee, piano.
Senator Judd Gregg, Republican of New Hampshire, said many people had been "turned away at their pharmacies or told that they must purchase the drugs up front and seek reimbursement later."
In Gaza on Thursday, the border with Egypt stabilized after hundreds of Palestinians burst through a break in the border wall Wednesday night and killed two Egyptian border policemen in an exchange of gunfire.
Iraqi leaders say that in some Iraqi cities, Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia and local insurgent groups continue to cooperate with one another.
Sharpe — that’s how nearly everyone refers to the mayor, who has run the city since 1986 — has spent most of the past few months anti-campaigning , refusing to declare himself a candidate and stirring up speculation that he might retire.
Nancy Grandjean Durham, N.C., Oct. 13, 2006
Several years ago, David Schulman, a regular on the TV show "Hee Haw" and a colorful alley fixture, was killed in his own club, the Rainbow Room.
He leaves a lifetime of memories that will keep his spirit alive in the minds of his large, loving family.
"If we don't get a reconstruction authority in place right away, we won't have a chance with implementation," Mr. Canizaro said.
Dubai, which runs Dubai Ports World, has built itself into a financial and transportation hub in the region.
The medical examiner's office said it had not determined how Quashay died.
Spokesmen for the consortium either declined to comment or could not be reached.
For instructions on how to donate stock to the fund, call (212) 556-1137 or fax (212) 556-4450.
Google continued its breakneck expansion, adding 1,152 employees in the second quarter, leaving it with 7,942 employees on June 30.
At that point, he sends them to a distant hospital.
But I'd still like frequent water refills.
Like Scripps, Edmunds.com makes money primarily by selling ads associated with the site's content.
Besides offering group classes in resort staples like yoga, Pilates and meditation, the Self Center offers a more eclectic options.
Blaue Gans Rapidly expanding his Austrian culinary empire, the chef Kurt Gutenbrunner began serving schnitzels and sausages here just a few months after he opened the restaurant Thor on the Lower East Side.
In the given auction, two clubs was natural and game-forcing.
As a result, he said, marketers will thrive by "appealing to the possibilities that lay ahead for them."
New Excursions Some of the most adventurous excursions this year include Crystal Cruises' trek in the mountains of Tierra del Fuego in Argentina and the Norwegian Cruise Lines' land excursion to Antarctica from Punta Arenas, Chile — a one-day side trip, offered through April for $2,000.
John Kim, an architect with Resolution: 4 Architecture, said that the average building price for his firm’s designs are $200 to $250 per square foot, while a comparable site-built home could run anywhere from $300 to $400 per square foot.
It's true that American soldiers are still dying, but the focus of the bloodshed has changed.
Vino Bianco's swirl of flavors comes across best when the wine is well chilled.
LOST IN THE FOREST, by Sue Miller.
But, upon seeing the obituary of a French photographer, he can at least relive their affair in the Sahara more than 20 years earlier: "Now that he was defenseless, there she was again, and it was far too late.
"Pastels are virtually impossible to laser off," Dr. Sturza said.
As the book's authors concede, this is a game "impossible among normally sensitive persons."
So why am I still so confused?
“The race is for second place.” That is bad news for Apple Computer’s rivals, but it may be good for consumers.
Yucaipa Companies, a buyout firm based in Los Angeles, is talking to McClatchy about The Mercury News and the 11 other papers, said Linda Foley, national president of the Newspaper Guild-Communications Workers of America.
Whether through craft or constitution, Mr. Norton invests Walter with a petty cruelty that makes his character’s emotional thaw and Kitty’s predicament all the more poignant.
The label stuck and its outsized reputation is now spilling over to the "mainland" of Eleuthera — in part because Harbour Island is becoming too crowded.
A result is that thousands of federal inmates, entitled by law to a reduction of up to 54 days every year for good behavior, actually receive credit for only about 47 days.
Two of the Democrats who lost to Ms. Rosenthal -- Michael J. Lupinacci, 39, an educator, and Charles Simon, 40, a lawyer -- filed petitions with the city's Board of Elections to get on the ballot.
Paul Glasser Brooklyn, Jan. 10, 2006
Most improbably, Mr. Horn -- who liked a draft of the script co-written by the director and the producer, and who that day had been impressed by Mr. Highmore in dailies from "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" -- did not say no.
In lieu of flowers please make a donation to your favorite charity.
"This is not a relaunch from scratch," he said.
It is also the one Islamic art that shares nothing with Western art, though certain Western-based artists, including some at the Modern, make it their own.
As a result, the big record companies, whose fortunes are still overwhelmingly tied to CD sales, are taking a far more expansive view of how to carve out pieces of the music economy, which by some estimates runs as high as $75 billion, including recording sales, music publishing, concert ticket and merchandise sales and other sources of revenue.
But he said he was confident he could persuade his shareholders that Schering would be better off as an independent company.
Their father came to New Orleans from the Dominican Republic when he was a teenager, and Dr. Pou decided to follow in his footsteps while she was an undergraduate at Louisiana State University, but she did not attend medical school there until eight years later.
The two other guesthouses are a five-minute walk away and face each other across an enclosed yard.
"She brings more emotional texture to her singing, and she has courage," said Wendy Ceracche, a retired elementary school teacher.
Mr. Katims eventually returned to Seattle.
"Twenty-six years later, here I am," Ms. Oswell said.
But elsewhere, nuclear energy never lost the favor of governments who view it as a reliable source of energy.
"It's as American as apple pie."
The Dunraven Inn near the Y.M.C.A.. (2470 Highway 66, 970-586-6409) is particularly popular with families, serving full-portion Italian meals like veal parmigiano ($15) and lasagna ($12).
Terra Firma will also assume an undisclosed amount of debt, Morgan Stanley said.
Kudos, too, for a special of blackened sea scallops surrounding black sticky rice.
Gazprom's deputy director, Aleksandr I. Medvedev, said Tuesday on the BBC "Hardball" program that Gazprom was considering buying Centrica but was not in talks with it.
In Los Angeles, about 22,000 mostly Hispanic students walked out of school.
Tone isn't an issue -- it's straightforward -- in the newest and most challenging of the films Ms. Katzeff has chosen, Paul Chan's portrait of Lynne F. Stewart, the New York lawyer convicted last year of aiding Islamic terrorism by smuggling messages out of jail from a client she was defending, Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman.
It strongly backed Dr. Schwartz, saying the contractors had "excluded some data and modified statistical techniques."
Crammed inside the claustrophobic interior were assorted paintings, decorated mugs, greeting cards and other oddments.
There’s a natural fear among people that you have to do a lot of research and it still can be very confusing.” Not everyone thinks the trend is keeping people from taking the entrepreneurial plunge.
He had been arrested in October 2000 and charged with sexually molesting a boy he tutored in a local social service center.
Onto the floor tumbled a hairbrush -- a cheap drugstore model I'd never seen before -- and all I could do was stare at it.
SOMERS -- Botanical works by student artists.
Captain's Quarters demanded "Give us the Pork Database," and Porkopolis hailed the measure with the slogan, "Show Me the Money."
For example, a study that compared 56 patients given a soy drink with 55 who drank a medically inactive liquid found no difference between the groups, although both groups got some symptom relief.
“Did I care that I wasn’t doing well?
In summarizing the research by the University of Zurich professors, Matthias Benz and Bruno S. Frey, Larry Yu writes in Sloan Management Review that “politicians typically receive fixed salaries, as opposed to the incentive-laden contract of most C.E.O.’s, ostensibly to ensure that elected officials don’t set policy that they could easily manipulate for their monetary benefit.” Given the recent criticism of executive pay, no other comment is needed.
But more can be done.
The M train gets commuters to the Financial District and uptown connections in less than 30 minutes.
About 1,000 troops from the United States, Spain and France are stationed there.
A robber just released from prison tracks down the killers of his son, a Los Angeles cop.
In compiling his research, Dr. Brim, 83, thought much about how an intense desire to reach this unknowable, alluring state of being might affect older people’s behavior, if the motive did not fade.
The drug was found to contain Fentanyl, an additive that has been blamed for hundreds of deaths nationwide.
Mr. Kelly's career is a prime example of how to survive scandal.
As Jeffrey K. Skilling , Enron’s former chief executive, moves from the defense table to the witness stand as soon as today, he will have to be prepared to confront his own past testimony.
Thinking about all this the other day on a visit to the center, after weeks of very troubling newspaper headlines, it struck me that it might be time for the "Earth Ambulance" to get back on the road.
But when that critically acclaimed project fell short commercially, Mr. Stuart found himself adrift.
Watching the departing swarm from the bridge walkway is a local ritual.
"He feels like he should be back.
Talking to reporters, Mr. Klein touched on broad themes that echoed several priorities of Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg's first term, including a focus on improving principals, empowering them with greater authority and heightening accountability at all levels of the system.
The photographer handed her my card, but I could tell from her gestures that she was refusing to speak to me.
The Supreme Court disagreed with him in a 5-to-4 ruling the next year.
In the National Assembly, Mr. de Villepin faced savage criticism from the opposition.
It does wonders for a bowl of berries.
Clearly, Mr. Grant's memories are more fond than bitter — even if the same probably can't be said of the Swazis.
"There's an abandonment of you-broke-the-law rhetoric by the Democrats and a more questioning attitude about what the law should be by the Republicans.
The bait is not only bigger and better ski facilities, but thousands of planned new second homes.
has the goods or there’s been massive prosecutorial incompetence,” Mr. Silverman said in a telephone interview.
That figure includes a cash rebate of $2,500 that is due to expire this week; an extension or other incentives are likely.
Networks often order additional episodes of their most popular shows to limit the number of in-season repeats.
In response, car rental agencies are opening more locations and offering a wider variety of vehicles.
His most important attribute as a writer and thinker, though, is what he is not: at the age of 35, he is not a member of the baby boom generation.
Mr. Vangas then tried to pull himself up into the car that was stuck but lost his grip and fell, Sergeant Watkins said.
The director of the State Division of Taxation and two of his top aides were suspended last week for receiving gifts including meals, spa treatments and liquor from a state contractor, a state official said.
Several of his 10 outs were smashed.
Aficionados of Stephen Potter’s “Upmanship” books will appreciate some of the tips and strategies.
A team of experts, including representatives of the World Health Organization, accompanied by the Turkish health minister, was scrambling to determine the full extent of the outbreaks.
3 p.m. 5) NEW ARTISTS ON THE BLOCK Five years ago San Juan’s contemporary art scene was practically nonexistent.
In a statement yesterday, Kevin Payne, D.C. United's president and chief executive, said: "Freddy Adu is a member of D.C. United, and we expect him to remain so through the 2007 season.
Service at St. John's Espiscopal Church, Cold Spring Harbor, NY, Saturday, August 5, at 11 am.
“I’ll be doing one thing and suddenly — .” With each such gap he slips unexpectedly into another place.
Indeed, the city was expected to announce a deal tomorrow with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey to build low- and moderate-income housing at Queens West, a waterfront development in Hunters Point, according to a Port Authority executive.
Vogtle was in this group of 18.
Telecommunications Infrastructure, was "a high-risk program," and was unlikely to be done by the end of 2007.
Especially appealing are the crisp shreds of deep-fried okra mixed with slivered green chilies, tomatoes and cilantro, and the okra curry.
5 4 9 MARY, MARY, by James Patterson.
The ceremony was broadcast live on radio.
The journals and other papers were seized from the homes and cars of the students, Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, who killed themselves on April 20, 1999, after shooting to death 12 fellow students and a teacher.
Both hedge funds and Wall Street firms say they focus their recruitment efforts on the leading schools and look for students with strong academic records.
"I won because the regular people came off the sidelines."
“Guests are looking for an expedient friendly process,” Ms. Leondakis said, “but are also using the desk as a complete resource center for all services.
August visitors from abroad further charged the air: Leonardo made a brief but indelible visit; Dürer stayed for over a year.
Its three state-controlled television stations endlessly flatter the president and criticize his perceived foes.
A leak at a chemical plant in Bhopal, India, killed more than 2,500 people in December 1984.
But Katherine Orrison, the author of "Written in Stone: Making Cecil B. DeMille's Epic, The Ten Commandments," said it was impossible to understand the Moses that Mr. Heston played without considering the era in which the movie was made.
What she hated most about those actions was that they took time away from her writing, which she said was her way of thinking.
The illusion of space and structure in these larger works is created merely by stretching yarn into taut geometric configurations: tilted triangles and rectangles; giant L-shapes.
''There's been a real renaissance,'' Mr. Green said.
to listen to conversations between people in the United States and suspected terrorists abroad without getting warrants first.
James E. McGreevey may have helped State Senator Wayne Bryant obtain his $38,220 a year job as a lobbyist for the school of osteopathic medicine when he was chairman of the budget committee.
One study of exonerated defendants showed that 42 percent of those under the age of 18 had given false confessions, but only 13 percent of older defendants had done so.
stunt in a litany of P.R.
"But at this time, we are not planning on changing the online vote."
"I've always wanted to try sleeping in one of those tents."
TENNIS CENTER TO BE NAMED FOR BILLIE JEAN KING -- High honor for a pioneer.
This one, though, was caught off the Rhode Island coast last year by a commercial fisherman.
"Russia is my place," he said, and it still has a lot of room to grow.
The bicyclist, whose identity was not released, was pronounced dead at Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center, the police said.
The agency is to present its research report to Congress next summer.
DirecTV subscribers using the company’s newest digital recorder can choose from 20 hours of programming that has been recorded on the unit’s hard drive during the night.
Excessive levels of those drugs can lead to a serious and sometimes fatal muscle disorder called rhabdomyolysis.
Does anyone remember the conceptual artist Bruce Nauman, among several others?
With equal fervor, Mamet depicts lapsed Jews as figures from Dante, full of pain and guilt and “anomie,” languishing in an ethnic limbo, scorned by Jew and gentile alike.
The worker, Tunde Alonge, 24, of Brooklyn, was found stabbed shortly before 9 a.m. in the store, at 5700 Avenue U.
The stash was the sixth-largest supply of methamphetamine confiscated in the United States since 1970, said Ruth Porter-Whipple, the group supervisor of the Atlanta field division of the Drug Enforcement Agency.
THE CROWD Romantic couples to dignified groups.
"He's the icon of hockey," Brodeur said of Gretzky.
Mrs. Olmert and her husband have had, she says, "a different basic understanding about this place," adding, "I couldn't cope with this rhetoric at all."
(See "Strangers on a Train," Alfred Hitchcock, 1951.)
"A lot of the events we've done have really laid the groundwork to go, if we need to, to raise money nationally," said Anthony V. Carbonetti, Mr. Giuliani's political point man, who is already planning campaign stops for July and August.
Armchair Eclipse Watching The lone total solar eclipse of the year occurs tomorrow over eastern Brazil, Africa and Asia.
Ms. Quinn, who lives in a rent-stabilized apartment, said that she would seek to improve the lives of New Yorkers by preserving important social services like senior centers, among other things.
There she found “suburban living at its prime-time family-show best,” she said.
The ghost-like Mystic Clock, below, by Matt Carr, a Toronto-based designer, is the newest addition to Umbra's U+ Studio line.
But the task is daunting because of the stigma of the affliction.
It brilliantly exploited the crook fear of the late 80's and early 90's by recasting the entire criminal justice system -- lionizing sharp-featured, street-savvy prosecutors and cops and rendering defense lawyers as ineffective and largely irrelevant.
The Russian Chess Federation dignified it with the designation Championship of Russia Superfinal.
He took his king from f1 at move 24 all across the board, by move 34, to b2, where it would be ultra safe.
His advisers included business leaders and technocrats with no allegiance to Mr. Aristide.
When Tracy passes me in our house, her fragrance doesn't arrive in advance.
It also drove me out of my old neighborhood, around 181st Street and Fort Washington in Washington Heights, in Upper Manhattan, where I had rented for nine years.
Heath Ledger (in a great performance worthy of Brando at his peak) and Jake Gyllenhaal bring them fully alive.
Donald is very excited about the new baby.
When guys put in their time, they're well deserving of it.
"My gut is that we can come up with something here that is good for the league, and that we can go on with," Jerry Jones, owner of the Dallas Cowboys, said Tuesday before entering the meeting.
With some innovative assembly work — the SALT team secured its mirrors from a bargain-basement Russian factory that proved masterly with optics, and used off-the-shelf software for controls — the South Africans have managed to build and operate a telescope that is both more sensitive and better equipped than its Texas model.
There were victory celebrations on the streets of Katmandu on Thursday, as tens of thousands of revelers poured out to mark the restoration of democratic rule.
To the Editor: Re "For Hospital Menus, Overdue Surgery" (March 7): For years, I have been baffled as to why it is acceptable for a hospital, which normally charges many times what a luxury hotel charges, to get away with abysmal food service.
But quirky detours into more populist terrain kept popping up: Dr. Ristow (pronounced RIS-toe) wrote discursively about the history of free gas station road maps, lamenting their extinction after billions were printed.
But I was having dinner at Yakitori Torys, Midtown’s newest yakitori spot, at the unholy hour of 6 p.m. for the express purpose of getting to the really weird stuff before it was gone.
Two major energy deals are under negotiation in Moscow.
Packed with pretty images and elegant models, this exhibition lacks the scholarly depth you might have hoped for on such a mesmerizing subject.
The Bagger feels his pain, but he feels his own more.
“She was the meanest person I’d ever met, hugely talented, I’m told, and she died.
Ralphs Grocery agreed to pay $70 million in restitution and fines as part of a plea agreement involving charges of illegally hiring hundreds of workers under fake names during a 2003 strike and lockout, the company said.
To the Editor: Re "Eddie Murphy Inspires Oscar Buzz.
Even distant impacts sound loud and scary the first few times.
He was a true gentleman and always a man of his word.
"We think that someone's going to emerge here," General Manager Omar Minaya said.
No, we have not cut rations.
The editors had to shape their photographic coverage, however, with the knowledge that the access of Times photographers to the death and suffering on each side was not equal.
He's just being attacked because he said something politically incorrect."
“If the enemy shows up, you must finish it off because the enemy appears to exterminate you,” he said in a clear reference to political opponents, most of them based abroad.
Mr. Welles's grandfather, Thomas Glastonbury Welles, named for Gideon Welles's hometown, was a colonel in the Union Army and was at Appomattox Court House for Robert E. Lee's surrender.
There's a kind of trying-too-hard, too-hip ennui to the atmosphere that, unfortunately, extends at least a little bit to the food.
Jim Shea Sr., president of the United States Bobsled and Skeleton Federation, confirmed that Lund, who holds the No.
While overwhelmingly Democratic-voting African-Americans are unlikely to defect in large numbers to Mr. Kean, they could sit out the election rather than work to get Mr. Menendez elected.
Cherished grandfather of Daniel and Christopher.
Along with the civilian garbage that collects on Simpson Street, in Morrisania, just off Westchester Avenue -- coffee cups, Dunkin' Donuts bags, an English muffin -- mingles a more official sort of trash.
DALLAS STARS--Traded D John Erskine and a 2006 second-round draft to the New York Islanders for D Janne Niinimaa and a 2007 fifth-round draft pick.
They would become the Sunnis, a vast majority of the world's Muslims.
In urging the justices to reject the case last fall, the administration argued that Mr. Hamdan should have to wait until after his trial to challenge the commission.
Rising auto sales, business spending on new equipment, relatively low interest rates despite the Fed rate increases, and a still healthy housing market are all listed by the forecasters as likely to contribute to the growth surge.
There's a nice-looking female over there.
The naked anticipation on their faces seemed to say, "This time, it has got to be the Swedish women's ski team."
Go to Article from Bloomberg News »
The woman was the second person in less than a year to die after taking the ride, Mission: Space.
The driver of the tractor-trailer, David Tichko, suffered a shoulder injury but was expected to be released from Good Samaritan Hospital in Suffern late Friday.
His show includes a spider's web made from hardware-store chain; a tree displaying enlarged, chopped-off pink fingers made of papier-mâché; and motorcycle helmets enhanced by barbed wire, steer horns, feathers and sloppy paint.
And some worry that those arguments have become too fierce.
Nearly 80 percent of Scion buyers are new to the Toyota family, said Deborah Senior, the national marketing and communications manager for Scion.
Buenos Aires is a city where, to the delight of Argentines and the chagrin of their neighbors, everybody always looks really, really good.
Yesterday, the anniversary of Kristallnacht, or Night of Broken Glass, the mob attacks on Jews in Germany in November 1938, Torah scrolls were marched with fanfare through the winding streets of downtown Munich to a newly built synagogue.
Mr. Lampert said the concept "confused shoppers."
Mr. Burkle said of his business philosophy: "You don't have to be smart.
And he detects an undertone of smugness among the largely white crowd, a sense that if the black population of New Orleans were not to come back in great numbers -- if, to paraphrase Mayor Ray Nagin, the city ended up less chocolate -- it would be fine with them.
You'll want to try a side-by-side comparison of the region's powerful zinfandels, but there's more than just zin here.
Law enforcement officials said then that investigations had been thwarted because Internet companies did not retain evidence that prosecutors needed.
As ever, Ms. McDonald, here accompanied by a 31-piece orchestra conducted by Ted Sperling, forced one to reconsider conventional musical definitions.
"I didn't think I was that good," he said yesterday.
While Bonds will not be part of the October postseason — and has never been on a World Series winner — he is in a good position to pass Aaron in 2007, assuming San Francisco or another team is willing to sign him to a new contract.
But like the sweet pea, this orchid thrives in cool conditions and needs constant, even moisture.
Mr. Gallucci said the company was not responsible for the death certificates, having simply received paperwork from funeral parlors and other body processors.
With billions of dollars in backing from the United States, Colombia has sprayed much of its drug-crop acreage and carried out army offensives against the rebels.
"As the Katrina disaster began to unfold, our initial thought was that was the way it would go, too, but as the scale seemed to overwhelm local and federal government capacity, we thought it might be worthwhile for Mercy to get involved in a bigger way."
A Zogby poll taken 10 days before Hurricane Katrina found that 87 percent of Americans believed 9/11 was the most significant historical event in their lifetime.
The collector Max Palevsky, the co-founder of Intel, suggests that this is the reason the designer has not had a major museum show in the United States until now.
Aman accused of stabbing four people during a 13-hour rampage last month pleaded not guilty yesterdayto charges of attempted murder and assault.The defendant, Kenny Alexis, 20, is chargedwith stabbing two men in the subway and two Canadianwoman walking in the theater district.
If you don’t, you get stuck in Iraq.” Mr. Kerry said that he botched a joke that his aides said had been prepared as follows: “Do you know where you end up if you don’t study, if you aren’t smart, if you’re intellectually lazy?
Infants who die in their sleep of no apparent cause often have subtle defects in an area of the brain that regulates breathing, heart rate and arousal, doctors are reporting today.
One developer who saw beyond the desolation was Antonio Guerra.
A 100-room hotel with a full-service spa is planned to open at about the same time as the new residences.
Cherished grandfather of Shani and Liane.
Breakfast (three microscopic blueberry muffins, yogurt with fruit and granola and a glass of orange juice) came to $16 and was delivered as promised at 9 a.m.
It can carry several warheads, and "can also evade enemy's most sensitive radar systems," he told state television.
Indeed, just as the banks have profited from the growth in online bill payment, so too have the vendors that serve them.
But it is becoming increasingly apparent that Altima Transportation, which does business under the name Instant Ambulette, failed to meet guidelines set up by the state to ensure that the drivers of ambulettes are qualified to operate them, state officials say.
In addition to keeping employees productive and preventing burnout, sabbaticals can also help companies keep their most valued employees in slow times.
Black Americans do not necessarily identify with them, nor do they necessarily identify with black Americans.
Her bosses, she said, were impressed by her ability to juggle a job and a household.
I would give anything to tell you what my wife looks like, but I can't.
Also easing market anxiety was a monthly government report saying that Japan's economy continues to recover, invigorated by personal spending and the growth of exports to Asia.
But why is it that humans see even the hint of controversy over mothers' wishing to limit the size of their families?
It was not enough to use his trademark polysyllabic vocabulary as a means of making clear his intellectual superiority to his ex-jock fellow anchors on "Monday Night Football," the straight man Frank Gifford and goofy Dandy Don Meredith.
"I have 17-year-old daughters who I was able to show how to ski, but I cannot support it as a hobby."
"That's Savannah," Ms. Lowery said.
As dozens of mourners streamed solemnly into church to bury Cpl.
Envy is nearly as prominent as politics.
For good measure, because most illegal immigrants are Hispanic, the issue is loaded with racial and ethnic overtones, a reality that Mr. Levy had to face last summer when immigrant advocates in Suffolk County labeled his boarding house sweeps as racist.
In a replay of the British experience in America, the former slaves began chafing against limits to their freedom.
“I have yet to learn why they stopped,” said Miss Boggs, who takes 10 prescription drugs.
A front-page article on Thursday about a federal commission that is exploring the use of standardized testing in colleges and universities omitted part of the name of an organization whose president opposes the use of a single test for all higher education.
The incumbent prime minister, Ibrahim al-Jaafari, has said he will fight to keep his job, and his principal supporter is Moktada al-Sadr, a rebellious cleric whose Mahdi Army militia has resorted to violence many times to enforce his wishes.
Prices are about the same no matter the type of ownership.
If offending conditions are removed or legalized within 35 days after a violation is received, Ms. Fink said, a hearing is not held and fines are not imposed.
There was a happy group of retirees arranged on a stage, a poster in red, white and blue that proclaimed "Strengthening Medicare" and a peppy president with microphone in hand.
It is near the top.” He says he thinks a lot about process.
555 ("modest" seems too grandiose a word for it), now home to the Art of Cooking, a cookware and accessories store.
Other national anti-abortion groups, though, have quietly disagreed with the timing, pressing instead to cut down on abortions by creating restrictions that may be more palatable to a wider audience, restrictions like parental and spousal notification laws and clinic regulations.
“You don’t want to waste your money, so this way you’ll go on vacation — and in our experience that’s true.” Ray Jacobs, editor of TimeSharing Today ( tstoday.com ), an independent magazine devoted to the industry, said surveys showed customer satisfaction with time shares hovered around 85 percent.
Mr. Marquard recently retired as Chairman of the Board of Arkansas Best Corporation after having served in that capacity for 16 years.
"It's a winner for you, too," he said.
Pedro Martínez had successful surgery yesterday to repair a torn rotator cuff in his right shoulder.
“We will not tolerate the level of crime — lawlessness, bullying, gang activities — going on in schools right now,” he said.
Haunani Rent A Car (56-32-100-353), for example, rents cars starting at $40 a day.
Mr. Warner thought “Brokeback’s” run in the award demonstrated a bit of a conspiracy.
Throughout much of the Muslim world, that alternative is not a gentle flowering of civil society but the conditions that after Sept. 11 were recognized as threatening: closed and stagnant economies that leave millions of young people unemployed; brutal secret police services that permeate society and stifle education and free thinking; corrupt rulers who nurture religious extremism to shield themselves at home and make trouble abroad.
“The Variation of Animals and Plants Under Domestication” is identified as one of his “somniferous duds” though we don’t really hear why (it foundered under a welter of facts, as the respectable Darwin — so fearful of criticism — nailed every evolutionary point a hundred times over).
"The commission is sending out firebolts, one after another," said Carol Geary Schneider, president of the Association of American Colleges and Universities, which represents 1,100 postsecondary institutions.
WHITE PLAINS, Jan. 11 - A new center for the homeless that opened here this week for people who have refused to participate in the county's regular shelter system is at the crux of a political firestorm between Westchester County and the city of White Plains.
A graduate of Yale, Mr. Dann designed hotels worldwide.
Go to Article from The New York Times » Go to Article from The Washington Post » The New York Post’s John Crudele writes that Wednesday’s session at the Enron trial was a real yawn-a-thon, with jury members fidgeting, whispering to one another, staring at the wholly uninteresting court ceiling and generally behaving like bored students in a classroom.
In Midtown last Sunday, the record snowfall did not keep people away, and Atlas was etched in fresh powder.
It's an evolutionary process, but it will happen."
Notably new to the poll were No.
We miss you, but continue to celebrate your life.
Until that happens, women will continue to bear a greater proportion of a family's domestic burden.
"Usually in a classroom that has kids that don't want to come to school, you don't get a lot of participation," said Sonya Garcia, 16, a junior.
Jan Pronk, the chief United Nations envoy in Sudan, said the mediators might be willing to extend the talks a few days if significant progress was being made, but probably not much more than that.
The ION system is available from major retailers for about $100.
We went on the assumption: 'Oh, we've been here 60 or 70 years.
Rinse these surfaces well before reusing."
[T]he past few years have brought new developments.
There was an 800-foot vertical drop on both sides.
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans yesterday: GARVIN, Edward M., 19, Lance Cpl., Marines; Malden, Mass.
The tension between quality picks and crowd avoidance makes for an interesting math problem.
If you are traveling to the eastern tip, fly nonstop into the Punta Cana International Airport on American or Continental; rates start at $148.
The controversy began when Judah's punch forced Mayweather to double over in pain.
Conservatives in Mrs. Merkel’s party originally pushed for a flat-rate premium, which would cut the link between income level and health care payments.
Digital radio technology allows a broadcaster to offer up to three additional FM channels in the space formerly occupied by one.
are different when they're together on the same team; they've grown up playing for their country.
A reality check makes this obvious.
"Those linebackers could outrun me.
BROUWERS OF STONE STREET (212) 785-5400; 45 Stone Street (South William Street); $$; Article: 6/14/06.
"I'm not a hormone expert, but there is no doubt that everything comes down to our brain's hormones, and research studies show that particular character types are correlated to particular brain receptor types."
Mr. Marshall died 14 months after the wedding, setting the stage for a battle between his widow and his son E. Pierce Marshall, who, according to court papers, had feared that his father would be as generous to his young wife as he was to a longtime mistress who had died in 1990.
German auto supplier Continental moved Monday to substantially increase its non-tire business, agreeing to buy the automotive electronics unit of Motorola for about $1 billion in cash.
The primary is Aug. 8.
According to Martin Ginsburg, the developer, Marbury Corners was designed to attract two kinds of buyer: either those priced out of Manhattan , or those seeking a city-type residence in a suburban setting.
But it has lost considerably less and has not come close to bankruptcy.
We extend to Judi and Stuart Oltchick, Sandra and Frank Kaplan and Barbara and Warren Brandt and the entire family our heartfelt sympanty.
Although their son is using it while he is in law school, they plan to spend more time there once he moves out.
Roslyn graduated from James Madison High School in Brooklyn and from Parsons School of Design, NYC.
Analysts say the campaign television advertisement, already diminishing in influence with the proliferation of cable stations, faces new challenges as campaigns experiment with technology that allows direct messaging to more specific audiences and through unconventional means.
Forty-four of the 49 people charged were Indian, and 23 out of 24 stores in the sting were owned or operated by Indians.
At the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony last month, a video segment paid tribute to New Orleans music through the years, from Louis Armstrong to the Neville Brothers; there was also the inevitable New Orleans jam session.
Having angered fans, competitors, officials, his previous bosses and law enforcement in five years as a driver in Nascar's top series, Busch has an image problem as he enters the 2006 season.
But, he added, "I wouldn't say it was clear cut."
With abrupt tempo changes and drawn-out emotion, the playing was almost overdone.
There was the stock market crash of 1987, the Asian and Mexican meltdowns in the 1990s, the dot-com implosion of 2000 and, most recently, the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.
There are many pleasing peripheral touches at Tenero: crusty bread served with excellent olives, a bulb of roasted garlic and pungent, flavorful Frantoia Sicilian olive oil (also available at $20 a bottle); a short printed list of daily specials; several choices of loose tea offered after the table is cleared; four interesting Italian cheeses served with quince and grape preserves; and a well-selected wine list from northern Italy and the American Northwest, with an emphasis on reds.
Mayor Bloomberg vetoes the Austin, Nichols decision, but the council overrides the veto, making it the second spurned landmark in two months.
The strongest argument the fundamentalists have is that they are engaged in a holy war against the racist West, which imposes one set of harsh rules on Arabs and another set of rules on everybody else.
Mr. Bush sustained his position last month by vetoing a bill that would allow research with new cell lines.
— season begins, Steve finds a foil in the person of his new neighbor, Buddy Hall ( Danny DeVito ), a car salesman who moves to town with his chipper sexpot wife (Kristin Chenoweth) and their blonde-stereotype twin daughters (Sabrina and Kelly Aldridge).
The Fireside Inn (54540 North Circle Drive, 877-797-3473; www.thefireside-inn.com) has 16 cottages and cabins, most with kitchens, for $60 to $190 a night.
"But it is not a sure shot."
In two other settees the rounded elements forming the legs, bases and arms are so distinct that they appear to be temporarily stacked in place, not attached.
Once the structures are in place, their steel gates, which will normally be raised, can be lowered and locked down before major storms to provide protection against a surge like the one that caused the canal's levees to fail during Hurricane Katrina.
In "Neil Young: Heart of Gold," the colors shift from ocher to shades of blue as the mood shifts from plaintive to rueful.
A day later, in Chicago, public records indicate that Mr. Grant transferred the ownership of a condo at 680 Lake Shore Drive to a trust in the name of his wife, Kathi S. Grant.
After ascending to a high point known for its breathtaking 360-degree views and stiff winds, they turned to the tape of their five-hour conversation about business leaders who had shoved obstacles out of the way to achieve success.
Over several years as a tour guide, she has learned to respect the power of the sand.
On the first floor, for example, the American Art Museum occupies the west side, and the Portrait Gallery the east.
1133 Avenue of the Americas, at 43rd Street, (212) 857-0045.
After the homer, Torre jogged from the dugout to reassure Sturtze, who has an 8.10 E.R.A.
Both parties, drivers as well as passengers, "often feel like the other one's not treating them as a person," said Bruce Schaller, a transportation consultant specializing in the taxi industry.
If the human judge could not tell which terminal was controlled by the human, the machine could be said to be intelligent.
Having a hospital controller suddenly switch to a ranching career wasn't all that big a departure from what might have been encountered in 1867, Ms. Sheff noted: the disruption caused by the Civil War had left cattle roaming and breeding freely in the West, and when the war ended in 1865 many inexperienced people headed to places like Texas to round up some animals and try their hand at ranching.
For their part, the power company executives urged patience, saying they had quadrupled their crews and were working night and day.
It also has, in addition to a speedway and an aquarium, a seven-acre indoor amusement park called the Park at MOA, 86 places to get something to eat, a big Lego Imagination Center play area, a day spa, a recreational oxygen bar, a post office and a wedding chapel.
Ms. Clemons said the bus's lights were flashing and its stop sign was out at the time of the crash.
Dinner was a more serious concern.
Brainstorm different types of “teams”; work in groups to develop basic mock-ups for Web sites that explore the idea of unity among the members of a particular team.
Nobody in his locker room disputed him.
She said she hid the columns with the bonus and total compensation information in documents that were provided to the compensation committee, but included that information in documents given to the finance department, which had to make the appropriate bookkeeping entries.
Re "The Times's New Blogs: More Information, Fewer Filters" (April 9): If I want to read blogs, I'll read blogs.
The foyer areas are being renovated, and an education center carved out.
The Detroit police said witnesses told them that Mr. Etheridge shot Proof after Proof shot and critically wounded Keith Bender, an Army veteran, inside a nightclub.
Can they grapple with disturbing issues, or does the act of playing a game inherently trivialize things?
The big stall shower has a marble bench.
"With all of the talks he had with American and Dominican players, he got a feel for this and made the right decision," Boras said.
And if a pending bill in Chicago is any indication, the battles over wage laws will soon evolve into campaigns to force large, private-sector businesses like Wal-Mart to provide not only higher wages but also more money for employee health care.
Ms. Wilson's identity was revealed in 2003 in an article by the syndicated columnist Robert D. Novak.
Another New Yorker had found love by marrying a lwa.
As advice for "fledgling" writers, the assertion hovers between irresponsible and absurd.
Rather, I am noticing the nooks and antechambers that are meant to reflect the graciousness and formality of Old World residences.
Radio’s digital efforts come as the nation’s two satellite radio companies — XM and Sirius — have amassed more than 11 million subscribers drawn to the services’ marquee names, led by Mr. Stern and various sports leagues, niche programming, sound quality and fewer or no advertisements.
The Oriental Pavilion is also accessible from there.
Maybe Spike will make a feature film out of Thierry Henry's complications.
The laborer, Douglas Herrera Castellanos, was convicted last month of first-degree murder for killing the woman, Mary Nagle, 42, at her New City home in April 2005.
President Jalal Talabani, a Kurd, suggested at the news conference that the opposition blocs would not oppose the Shiites' next nominee.
When my daughters were babies, I co-slept; I breastfed for what in France, where I had my children, was viewed as a very long time; I cooked my own baby food and wore a halo, generally — at least until I moved back from France to the United States and keeping that halo aloft proved too impossibly exhausting.
Terry was born on December 17, 1941 in Bronx, NY to Daniel, Aloysius and Margaret Stevens Lawler.
"The attitude the unions are taking is just gimme, gimme, gimme," said Alan LeBovidge, commissioner of the state Department of Revenue and chairman of the control board.
Eileen Hagerman, the executive director of Volunteers for Wildlife, recalled how Ms. Ruppert taught her how to take the babies out of the pouch of a dead opossum.
"Even if destined here to meet my death," he wrote in his journals, "I would not change my lot for all the joys and pleasures of the civilized world."
Born too soon on those counts, Franklin died too soon as well.
And even within the ranks of Republicans, there was some immediate opposition.
"It's unbelievable, and it's devastating."
AMENITIES -- Tennis program with 18 courts, a spa and fitness center that is set to open in July, a club-only swimming pool, a croquet lawn and nearby golf courses.
But the patient begged me to let her go home, saying she was simply exhausted and could not bear the thought of waiting for hours to be evaluated.
Women received a lighter oil from one bottle, while men got a heavier one from another.
Instead of stealing ideas from the underground, the big sneaker makers positioned themselves as supporting it.
This year, that margin dwindled to 14.5.
"I can't relate to the music or the lyrics.
American soldiers might arouse resentment in Sudan, where an Arab Muslim government is sponsoring warfare against its own black Muslim citizens.
So what if this retread replaces the scuzzy punk-rock angst of the original with a corporate sheen?
Helen M. Marshall, the Queens borough president, agreed that the baron had to "go further and disavow himself from that group."
Mr. Weill’s broker, Kyle W. Blackmon, a vice president of Brown Harris Stevens, said he was not permitted to discuss the transaction.
Add lemon juice, then taste and adjust seasoning.
He also tried his best to restore the beautifully detailed structure, which was built as a church in the 1860's before eventually becoming the congregation's synagogue.
Arakawa didn't complicate her thoughts, but skated with simple elegance.
All the meats are available as sandwiches from $4.25 to $5.25 (with toppings like tzatziki on the pork gyro or ketchup and mustard on the loukaniko, a firm Greek wine sausage, sandwich), or on platters with fries or rice, chopped veggies, pickles and a sauce or two to dress the meat with, ranging from $7.75 for a single meat selection to $14.50 for the mixed grill for two.
Officials of the liberal groups acknowledged the goal of laying groundwork, but insisted they were still building momentum to defeat Judge Alito's confirmation.
What if patients steal pages of the record for other reasons, like a history of depression , drug or alcohol use, abortion or a sexually transmitted disease ?
Lisa Fisher, a 36-year-old yoga instructor in Chicago who described herself as a Democrat, wants any additional revenue earmarked.
Let the board do its job, but let him be an active force on the board.
Marbury dreamed only of taking a one-way subway ride to the Garden, to escape the grinding poverty of the Coney Island projects.
The intellectual gymnastics, humorless tutorials and abundant moralism emanating from the dour young faces at The New Republic over the last decade meant that the magazine not only lost money — something it has done efficiently since its founding in 1914 — but readers as well.
Last fall, in an effort to keep Mr. Sadr from forming his own party, leaders of the United Iraqi Alliance offered his followers 30 seats -- the same number as Sciri, the largest Shiite party.
Obese people had a risk two to three times that of normal-weight people.
Although the number of claims rose, the total amount paid by the city in malpractice cases declined for the third consecutive year, possibly reflecting what city officials say is a new strategy aimed at curbing the cost of lawsuits.
Donations have been collected to treat the hundreds of protesters injured by the police.
Others are trying to instill a team approach, and have success on occasion (Cleveland, with LeBron James, is still a bench away from moving into the top rank).
Light-filled, gleaming and so vast that the walk between the front tables and the bathrooms is almost a day's worth of cardio, this P.
Through a group called the Scholars at Risk Network, which has found teaching opportunities and housing for more than 150 scholars since its founding in 2000, she was able to teach at Texas.
Sheppard helped to establish a successful mission, but only after surviving several encounters with the Zappo Zaps, a cannibalistic tribe that colluded with Leopold's colonial regime and traded in the slaves they chose not to eat.
It was not immediately clear whether the investigation was focused on the company's 33-year-old founder and chief executive, Takafumi Horie, who has become widely known for challenging corporate Japan's stuffy ways.
Real-estate agents screamed that ending the sacred interest deduction would set off a slump in the housing market -- a pillar in an otherwise weak economy and so forth.
"We really don't think we're that far off," Mr. Ellison said in a conference call.
Hoboken and Jersey City weren't built in one year.
We should also support disease management: people with diabetes have a much better quality of life and place much less burden on society if they can be induced to monitor their blood sugar carefully and control their diet.
Here is the book's nadir.
Steven M. Clayton Ocean The writer is a member, Monmouth County Democratic Committee.
JERUSALEM, Feb. 8 - A senior Hamas leader warned the Palestinian president, Mahmoud Abbas, on Wednesday not to revamp the Palestinian Authority or make cabinet appointments without Hamas's approval.
"Nothing has been proven in my mind.
I've got to be an artist.
In delivering songs, dialogue and monologues — in which language is a fusion of gangster, jive, rock and cowboy jargon that creates a complete portrait of a self-contained world — Mr.
If Congress fails to hold the Bush administration accountable on Iran, it will deal another blow to the American constitutional system of checks and balances.
"It was like a war," Dr. Pandey said Sunday morning, as she prepared for another day.
But does America want to watch Ms. Deen dance?
Early in her tenure as prime minister, there was media speculation over whether Tymoshenko could visit Moscow without being arrested.
The development came on the heels of his “macaca” comment, a phrase he used to describe an Indian-American aide to his opponent that has become shorthand for the race and ethnicity problems that have plagued Mr. Allen’s campaign for weeks.
Most images of the lemon trees are symmetrically divided with a different shade of green on each side.
Mr. Shays, 61, is an amiable and popular figure who has not been tarnished by scandal and has a reputation for delivering for his district.
Besides his Olympic gold medals, he took home the bronze in 1994 and the silver in 1998.
is an American citizen," she said.
The sweetened offer is 39 percent more than BOC’s close on Jan. 23, the day before Linde first made an unsolicited approach.
He said that insurers had retreated elsewhere -- on Cape Cod, for example.
They seem to be in a constant battle for the final word.
But in the last election, Mr. Hall, who ran his campaign from a year-old coffee shop next to a soon-to-open men's spa, defeated two whites for an open seat.
The theater's publicity for this production emphasizes such modern-day resonance, trying to make connections to the Iraq war and such, but that's overreaching.
Mr. Gelb began producing telecasts for the Met in the late 1980's and worked with James Levine, the Met's music director.
The logic to it is that the volatility in energy prices will wash out, and that the core rate does a better job of showing the underlying trend.
Judge Leonie M. Brinkema ruled that because of the actions of the lawyer, Carla J. Martin, the prosecution would be prohibited from calling those witnesses, a crippling blow to the government's case.
"It's like they've already been convicted," said Matt Myers, a contractor.
According to his lawyer, Francis O'Reilly, he came here in October, paying a staggering sum -- roughly equal to $5,000, partly by mortgaging his small adobe house in Guatemala -- so he could have the opportunity of making $85 to $100 a day to support his mother, eight siblings, wife and five children.
"This area includes the cities ringing the Great Lakes from Rochester to Chicago.
Her father worked in Bridgeport as the vice president for research and development at a subsidiary of Handy & Harman, a maker of products using precious metals.
"It's a bizarre job," said the American Lindsey Kildow, whose serviceman, Jeff Wagner, goes by the name Chief.
If one were a screenwriter or, say, one of the half-dozen authors writing about the case, one might propose a work titled, "The Deal Got Him: How a Former Lawman Was Charged With Conspiracy Because He Tried to Get His Movie Made."
Carol Dilley, 62, started off early.
Outside, the blond brick, stone and terra cotta, with its little Stars of David, were blackened by soot.
(Nor do we hit the ball nearly as far as we think we do; well-supported data indicates that the average golfer hits a driver 192 yards -- while thinking that he hits it approximately 230.)
In 1953, she opened her art gallery on Madison Avenue, which she continued to operate personally until her recent illness.
link to migraines was discovered when doctors began sharing stories of patients being treated to reduce stroke risks who thanked them for curing their migraine headaches.
Chris Noon of Forbes.com called the purchase a “cunning — yet eye-smashingly obvious — plan to pick up Clara Furse’s London Stock Exchange,” while Dow Jones Newswires’ The Skeptic praised it as a “classic masterstroke, taking the London Stock Exchange’s future into its own hands.” While the endgame is still not clear, Nasdaq stands to win in at least two scenarios.
Pollock produced about 700 works on paper -- pencil, ink, watercolor, gouache and collage as well as poured enamel -- which stylistically mirrored his development as a painter.
He was a man, Dr. Forbes told the Easter worshipers, who believed in "lifting up the mandate of the kingdom of God for peace, justice and compassion."
Alison will never be forgotten by all she encountered in all walks of life.
You take your kids out of the private school because you are in a good school district.” That meant saving about $11,000 a year in tuition.
A need to outflank a competitor with price promotions or trim growing inventories can cause that pattern.
Ms. Kopp is survived by her companion, Carolynn Jennings, and their daughter, Hanna, both of New York City.
The model was displayed as part of that exhibition.
Mr. Cavanaugh said that measures would be taken to prevent erosion and protect the habitat, and that only a few trees would be felled.
Later, after conducting a guessing game with prizes like a vegan restaurant guide and the Shirley Chisholm documentary "Chisholm '72: Unbought and Unbossed," Ms. McKay drew laughs by weirdly replacing K. D. Lang's parts on their duet "We Had It Right" with an impression of Bob Dylan.
Cellulartrace, like many of these sites, had only an e-mail address in its contact information, and the company did not respond to a request to be interviewed.
The caption for a photograph of the poet seated with Peter Doyle identifies Doyle as Whitman’s lover, not his “friend.” Minor points?
She owns a store in St. Louis, the Kitchen Conservatory, and recently married for the first time.
In a way "The Age of AIDS" is the story of the drugs to treat it.
Months after the commission’s creation, the staff was still battling the White House and the Republican-controlled House Intelligence Committee to get a look at an earlier 9/11 investigation by Congress, the Joint Inquiry report, protected under a dubious claim of “congressional privilege.” “This was frustrating,” the exasperated Kean and Hamilton complain, “particularly since we were a creation of Congress.” They add, “We were hung up with both Congress and the Bush administration over the documents that were mandated to be the starting point of our investigation.” Things only got worse.
Now, other drugs have come into use for hot flashes, but not much is known about their effectiveness or long-term safety.
And Ms. Glynn's Bodey is formidable, a down-to-earth Depression-era sweetheart whose illusions don't seem harmful at all.
All breakfasts and two dinners are included, and accommodations range from hotels to apartments.
A rapper recorded the “Smile” parody “Vile” (the video involves sock puppets).
A senior official at the Port Authority contends that Mr. Silverstein has not only refused to relinquish his hold on the property, but has also offered a counterproposal that is even more onerous than the current arrangement.
PAGE A14 Pro-Democracy Protests Continue in Nepal's Capital Days of pro-democracy protests have raised questions about whether Nepalese leaders can keep control of popular outrage, or if the growing crowds spell the end of the monarchy in the world's only Hindu kingdom.
In two decades of running the page, Mr. Johnson has built personal and quasi-business relationships with those he has written about; some of them have become sources of gossip for the column.
Reviews of Frazier’s second novel, “Thirteen Moons” — it is No.
7 p.m. 8) Candlelight and Catwalks Take an early evening stroll to see the Nathan and Mary Johnson House at 21 Seventh Street, where in 1838 a certain fugitive changed his name to Frederick Douglass ("Here in New Bedford," he wrote, "it was my good fortune to see a pretty near approach to freedom on the part of the colored people").
It will be up to local communities to tailor the state plan to their own situations, she said, from issues as simple as communicating messages about the importance of basic hygiene to the distribution of medicines.
Would it have been Bunim-Murray's responsibility?
Interfax quoted what it described as an anonymous prison source saying that the inmate who slashed Mr. Khodorkovsky, a 22-year-old man serving a sentence for theft, had given a written statement accusing Mr. Khodorkovsky of sexual harassment.
GALLAGHER, Patrick J., 27, Lance Cpl., Marines; Jacksonville, Fla.; First Marine Logistics Group, First Marine Expeditionary Force.
Mr. Skilling, 52, is charged with conspiracy, fraud and insider trading.
In the Health Services Department, she said, 131 positions are vacant, about one-fifth of them for nurses, whom the county has struggled to recruit and retain.
But he isn't too hopeful his advice at Quackwatch.org does much good.
plane perilously close to the edge of the pavement.
"But I think what Rogge does is he moves pretty quickly at containment."
Father to Thomas Ronald Wardall, born and died March, 1965, NYC.
Those infamous predictions from the early days — that nuclear power would be “too cheap to meter,” as Lewis Strauss, the chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission, told a conference of science writers in 1954, or that the country was destined to have the nuclear power of 1,000 plants by the year 2000, as the commission predicted in the early 1970’s — seem farcical in light of what transpired in building the plants: the billions in overruns, the endless years of construction.
But her death this month and those of 21 other mostly down-and-out Panamanians have posed a mystery that is roiling this place.
Caption information is provided below.
Shapely coats in deep purple felted cashmere were fresh, and trim jackets with portrait collars continued a sensuous theme from spring.
Blazejowski said she was surprised that Baker was still available at the 12th spot.
A mature, even witty, account of childhood darkened by an autistic brother and the murder of a friend.
Like any tastemaker worth his salt, Mr. Pipitone, who also designs ornaments, offered up his thoughts on next year's styles.
While the man struggles for a response, one of your companions hazards a guess: “Tripe?” The man gives a noncommittal nod.
We mourn his passing on May 22,2006.Peter was a successful broker and money manager.Until his death he was a vice president at Ladenburg Thalmann.In the 60s Peter ran the Champagne Gallery in Greenwich Village.
Who wants you to have a garden?
Mr. Branciforte, arrested Aug. 14, was issued a court summons.
It was June 2005, and he was the chief engineer aboard the Semlow, transporting 850 tons of rice for the World Food Program to a port in northeast Somalia.
But the greatest appeal of skiing in the Berkshires remains its understated pace, an approach that suits families seeking a less outsized skiing experience.
And there is something striking about the way that Ethos addresses this desire.
Paintings by Monet, Renoir and Pissarro hang in big gilded frames along the concrete-block wall that runs the length of the main facade.
The storm was expected to bring up to 18 inches of snow to the Denver area overnight.
Those same big shrimp starred in a linguine dish with scallops, a chunky marinara sauce and sweet caramelized garlic.
"Between the state, Children's Aid and the Neediest," she said, "everyone has an opportunity to do better for themselves."
And the frustrations discussed weren't necessarily new; embarking on a career in acting has always been a risky enterprise.
He also moved his right arm and right leg for the second day, and in ways that were "more significant" than on Monday, according to Dr. Sholmo Mor-Yosef, the hospital's director.
But John R. Bolton, the United States ambassador, said the proposal had too many "deficiencies" and should be renegotiated.
6) and Chris Daughtry (No.
Al Qaeda, at least in relative terms, has always been concerned with making connections among groups that might otherwise expend themselves fighting one another.
Next I pulled everything from under the sink.
He said the sessions were a method of reinforcing the goal of the party.
Both drug companies are seeking approval in a difficult regulatory environment, as the F.D.A.
A Melting Pot, Boiling Fiercely Incredible, Li Li kept repeating, simply incredible.
But even much smaller cities like Madison, Wis., and Raleigh-Durham, N.C., outperform Chicago in this respect.
As it gets ready to close what is expected to be the largest buyout fund ever, Texas Pacific Group has announced the hiring of Wellpoint ‘s former chief executive to advise on health care-related deals.
The Crank or the Crackpot.
The rest of the companies in that index earn on average less than a quarter of their profit abroad.
A few months ago the group announced that its current tour would be its last, mainly because hand problems have made it difficult for Reinhard Goebel, the group’s founder and director, to play the violin.
People who eat in such places tend to be heavier than people who don’t, and the chains’ pricing strategies often encourage customers to choose larger portions.
Driving around a leafy section of Huntington where several big new houses are for sale, he said: “I’m sometimes at odds with the builders.
In just over a year, more than 100,000 copies of Yourself!Fitness have been sold, a drop in the bucket compared with the mammoth sales of traditional games.
Hours: Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m.
In print circles, that can mean anything from an offset reproduction of a painting -- in other words, a poster -- to the sort of genuine "original print" that an established dealer might handle; that is, a work of art conceived as a lithograph from the start and produced in a limited edition.
Served in both theatres as a Captain in the Army and was present in Japan for the VJ Day and was in Europe for VE Day.
Devoted father to Carole Moskowitz (Harold) and Neil (Mary).
“If you want to fly two weeks in advance, you can’t do that.” Such hard-nosed shopping is on the rise.
In October, Mr. Blumenthal announced the creation of a task force to consider tighter regulation of hedge funds.
With such steep land prices, houses on the lake are getting bigger, creating some ill will as views are being blocked by houses that are as large as 12,000 square feet.
"It feels like a total lack of compassion," Ms. Adams said.
had trained buyers to wait for big rebate plans, like the employee discount program it made available to customers last summer.
Their report cleared the implants of any role in systemic disease, but only after a multibillion-dollar trust had been established to compensate the supposed victims.
He hails the beleaguered officials who struggle to enforce immigration laws.
At least 19 other states considered legislation expanding health care coverage in 2005.
"They don't know how to start, how to schedule their time or how to prioritize," Miss Byrnes said.
But it provided no details about how the money would be spent, and made clear that it did not plan to request additional aid for the region in its 2007 federal budget.
There's no question that we need to try some new approaches to e-mail.
Opponents of Judge Alito's nomination were decidedly restrained in criticizing their political allies in the Senate, saying they understood the difficulties the Democratic senators faced and that Judge Alito was turning out to be a more adept nominee than they had expected.
Other skaters said they were on Kwan's side.
A guide to cultural and recreational goings-on around the state this week.
He graduated from the State University at Binghamton in New York and received his medical degree from New York Medical College.
When he told the audience at Monmouth that the state's woes stemmed from years of spending more than revenue brought in, someone in the audience yelled: "Amen."
It was problematic because it was the earliest work on the bill (2003 in the press materials, 2004 in the program), and the next best was the next oldest, "Hebrew Tales" (2004 or maybe 2003, when it was called "Hebrew Suite").
If parents don't shape children, what does?
When they returned 18 months later, Ms. Ludeman went back to school.
To the Editor: Slavoj Zizek's assertion of atheist superiority is based on his idea that atheists, unlike fundamentalists, do good deeds because it is morally correct, and not in order to attain God's favor.
Jean had a ready smile and a warm and loving way about her that made you feel special...even if she herself was in pain.
He orchestrated his own funeral, spelling out the arrangements in a book that he made called "The Demise of David Hicks."
“We were bubbling with excitement,” Mr. Stoppelman said.
These aren't the most elegant crepes I've ever had, but they transform a quick meal on the run from a necessity to a pleasure.
I don't think my children would appreciate them."
This made sense on multiple levels.
"We were tired today," Straka said.
All of us are torn -- rent, cloven, tangled even -- between the best foot we put forward and the sensitive and introspective foot we leave behind.
Her bathroom ceiling is falling in.
(Mr. Llanos, the survivor of the Seton Hall fire, was himself the subject of a series in The Star-Ledger that won a Pulitzer Prize for photography.)
The governor of South Darfur, Atta al-Mannan, explained Tama to me this way: "I warned the A.U.
Chambers, 210 11th Avenue, between 24th and 25th Streets, (212) 414-1169, through Feb. 25.
Since being named president of the corporation last June, Ms. Harrison, a former co-chairwoman of the Republican National Committee, has attempted to tamp down a debate over balance in programming that has threatened to undermine financial support for public broadcasting from both Congress and private sources.
Produced and directed by Pippa Scott; adapted by Ms. Scott from the book by Adam Hochschild; narrated by Don Cheadle, with the voices of Alfre Woodard and James Cromwell; edited by Oreet Rees; music by Yoav Goren; released by Linden Productions.
One of the two propellers was found about 50 feet away from the rest of the plane.
“I did look at myself in the mirror,” Ms. Madison said, “and I saw my mother,” who died of cirrhosis of the liver at 33.
"It's like being present at the birth of stars."
Someone has asked if you wouldn't mind reading his manuscript or being her maid of honor.
"It's not a healthy situation."
9 P.M. (Sundance) LADETTE TO LADY -- A ladette, the British tell us, is a young woman who wants to be "one of the lads" and demonstrates this by getting drunk at the pub, swearing loudly, sleeping around and, if necessary, belching.
Neither is what you want if you're looking for something to enrich your visit.
"Tanishq has managed to replicate the essence of the era," a company representative said when the jewelry tie-in came out, meaning it had piled on details lifted from movies about maharajahs -- lots of table-cut diamonds, fine enameling and kundan, or thin, fused gold strips, known particularly in Rajasthan.
“Somewhere along the way, we need to connect the dots among all of us,” she said.
The way it works is more complex.
This leaves the legal status of the listening-in as the most likely topic of conversation, and maybe the only one.
Musicians for Harmony was founded after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, in the hope that music might foster understanding between cultures.
It is not an accident that many in the C.C.N.Y.
First they have to learn how to spell their team name.
$900,000 to $1.2 million Flatiron District $1.1 million 105 Fifth Avenue (18th St.) Number of bedrooms: 0 Number of full bathrooms: 1 Number of half bathrooms: 0 Weeks on market: 21 weeks 1,400-sq.-ft. open-space co-op in a prewar converted printing house; dining area, high ceilings, decorative columns, h/w floors; maintenance $1,701, 55% tax deductible; listed at $1.1 million.
His father is a consulting civil engineer in Fort Lee.
For all of Coach Bill Belichick's "genius" and all of Tom Brady's passes, Vinatieri was often the difference between the Patriots' winning and losing, notably in their three Super Bowl triumphs in four seasons.
For weeks, inspectors from the Food and Drug Administration have been combing through Bausch & Lomb's plant in Greenville, S.C., where the product is made.
According to the authorities, the investigation began just over two years ago after parents in Easton became concerned that the man, Ronald Schongar, 50, of Clifton Park, was making children and teachers sick with his spraying program.
As the modern day pioneer of sports medicine, his contributions to the world of athletics have helped make sports participation safer and more enjoyable for the professional and amateur athlete alike, and has enabled Lenox Hill Hospital to achieve worldwide recognition in this important field.
Employers and recruiters say the shortage of cleared workers is a result of large backlogs at the agencies processing applications -- the Defense Security Service, which provides clearance services for the Pentagon and its contractors, and the Office of Personnel Management.
Between songs, a translator described a disappearing rural existence in which women farmed from dawn to sunset alongside men, singing work songs that were also about romance.
But other Republicans say that by forcing the Senate to consider his own immigration bill before the one backed by Mr. McCain, Mr. Frist is putting presidential ambitions ahead of Senate business.
I recently decided to change my account password, and these bounced e-mail messages suddenly stopped.
Several hundred people said the police blocked them last Sept. 1.
An imam at the mosque, Sheikh Safaa al-Tamimi, said he fled the building when the troops arrived Sunday evening, but returned after the shooting was over and saw bodies in several different rooms.
Before Pecheux applies a drop of makeup, he clears away excess sebum with Créaline TS H2O, a gentle makeup remover from the French company Bioderma Laboratoire Dermatologique.
Policy makers say they are concerned about an estimated 600,000 immigrants already here who do not speak proper Dutch.
In a nod to a rival, Mr. Keller cited The Post's winners for journalism "that makes a difference on a large scale," adding, "This is all work that changed the discussion, changed lives and maybe saved some lives."
Another hot topic at the show will be IPTV, or Internet protocol television, which sends programming over the Internet through a broadband connection.
The temperatures and the humidity were too high to make more snow.
After all, the Wiggles are practically a Field family business: Anthony is a Wiggle; Paul is in video direction; John is a principal in the songwriting; Anthony's infant daughter played the baby Jesus in one holiday DVD; and Paul's daughter Clare basically grew up on Wiggles DVD's, stealing the screen during a host of mid-90's tapings or at the very least during a song called "The Monkey Dance."
Like Ford, its North American division was the biggest drag on sales and earnings.
Prices at the newest developments start around $800,000.
The evening raised $1.2 million.
What drove Dr. G. to disaster?
With tears welling in his eyes, his left fist raised and his right hand over his heart, Mr. Morales, 46, an Aymara Indian, took the oath of office as the leaders of 11 countries, American diplomats and the crown prince of Spain watched from the gallery of the country's ornate 19th-century Congress.
Dorfmeister was close enough to the worker that the tips of his skis passed underneath her as she lifted one ski to avoid a crash.
"Maybe that's flattery but I find it spiteful and annoying.
The Senate has passed a sensible measure to shield employers if they hire advisers who are independent, qualified and properly supervised.
Along with a $1 billion commitment the state has made of its own money, the long-sought agreement, to be announced today by state and federal officials, is considered a crucial piece of Gov.
Then, each time I went to the village, people followed me around.
Mr. Parker of Sanford Bernstein said Intel would face continued pressure to lower prices on its chips.
Germany has long insisted that for the archives to be opened, all 11 countries would have to vote to amend the 1955 treaty that set up the tracing service as it restored German sovereignty.
How different this was from his work for "The Adventures of Priscilla," he said.
We extend our heartfelt condolences to our dear friend Yehuda HaKohen, director of the English Speaking Division on the loss of his grandmother and to his mother, Gail Weisbrod on the loss of her mother.
"We're looking further into the case," she said.
The terms of the deal were not disclosed.
"We should come up with a better name for it, but I guess that ship has sailed."
In his previous book, “The Whole Equation: A History of Hollywood,” David Thomson devoted an entire chapter to Nicole Kidman.
To the Editor: Re “Failure Upon Failure” (column, July 27): Bob Herbert is right on target once again in his latest trenchant and truthful assessment of the incompetence, arrogance and imperial hubris of the Bush administration.
Ligety, wearing pink goggles and gloves, became the first American gold medal winner in the Olympic men's combined with two blistering slalom runs that vaulted him from 32nd place to the top of the medal podium.
It was a day for light openings.
From far away, though, the grass blades tightly cohere to form a compact image.
But some of the aging levees are vulnerable, Ms. Matthews said, pointing to a breach midday on the Cosumnes River, south of Sacramento, which caused sudden flooding on Highway 99 near Elk Grove.
Dear sister of Seymour and Tamara Pristin Graveside services Friday, 1:15 P.M. at Beth El Cemetery, New Jersey.
"He gets along by dint of his intellect," said Martin Lipton, the takeover lawyer who is a founder of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, a firm that has long done work for Mr. Wasserstein.
“I’m attracted to monuments for what they reveal about a culture,” he said, explaining that his interest in the Donner Pass arose from research about Chinese immigrants who had helped to build the railroad tracks there.
While the site normally draws about 6,000 viewers a day, Mr. Wallace said, a recent video of a much-discussed cover shoot of Tom Ford, the fashion designer, and two naked actresses, Scarlett Johansson and Keira Knightley (and nice product placement for Poland Spring water), drew nearly 350,000 people in one day.
Go to Article from The Daily Deal »
Other Times blogs are meant to have limited runs.
Even as the European group issued its report, Mr. Lukashenko was several blocks away in a government auditorium, gruffly and at times crudely sweeping aside any questions about his victory or his leadership style.
Funeral at 5 P.M. today, at Edwards-Dowdle Funeral Home, Dobbs Ferry (Saw Mill exit 17).
Preparing the rescue cage for use, the tram engineer said, takes at least two hours under the best of circumstances.
Company documents obtained by The Times show that Freeport made monthly payments to more than a score of individual officers from 1998 through 2004.
(I’ve been reading a lot by the animal scientist Temple Grandin lately, too.)
But Ms. Gerring’s strong dancers (Miguel Anaya, Robbie Cook, Mandy Kirschner, Rosalynde LeBlanc and Emma Stein) looked like agile robots in this spilling-out of handsomely dispersed patterns.
Mitch Daniels, a Republican, and the Republican-controlled legislature.
Mr. Frey, who appeared on the show with his mother at his side, said he never expected his memoir to come under such close scrutiny.
GETTING to Bordeaux can be a drag.
Their seemingly anarchic disdain for timeworn conventions of season-appropriate wear has spawned one of the most definitive trends to emerge on the runways this year.
Miriam Menkin is one of the forgotten.
Mr. Rosenbaum’s death was attributed to blunt force trauma to his head, neck and body.
The inventory includes a Royal Copenhagen vase (Lot 503A), above, and a 1940's pedal car (Lot 238), below; vintage Italian motor scooters; and 1930's French Deco tables.
Arnold Eisen, Chancellor-elect Gershon Kekst, Board Chairman
title game will be the Broncos, who have had the same coach, Mike Shanahan, for 11 seasons.
The gene for diabetes is owned, and its owner has something to say about any research you do, and what it will cost you.
Three months into the job, the changes at the helm of Exxon are mostly evident in small, impressionistic touches.
In August, he signed a two-year contract with the Blue Jackets, paying him $2 million this season and $2.5 million next season, according to The Columbus Dispatch.
Carlow Brewing makes O'Hara's Stout, Curim Gold and Moling's Red.
Alarcón, who was born in Peru and raised in Alabama, draws on the plight of Lima's poor and the hopes of New York's immigrants in this raw first collection.
But because the Duet costs so much to buy, the total cost of the front loader over seven years is $1,946, or $269 more than the Whirlpool classic top loader.
The images made the messages much bulkier than simple text messages, so the spammers were using more bandwidth to churn out fewer spams.
And really, the characteristics of oysters on the half shell -- the small range of saline, cucumber, metallic, mineral flavors; the freshness and liveliness; the smooth, creamy texture -- can all be found in muscadet as well.
People who have been waiting on the sidelines for news of a leak in the putative housing bubble may be frustrated by the slow-leak news.
Pentagon lawyers asked the judge to reconsider that ruling, arguing that publishing the prisoners' names would violate the privacy of their families.
"We had an awful summer last year," he said.
But agents may say that a house with one bathroom in a neighborhood where two bathrooms is the norm is at a disadvantage when the house goes on the market.
Lombardi was perfectly happy to see his own self exalted, but he fined players if they preened in public.
The bridegroom is a stepson of Diane Flinn Moon.
"You meet somebody you're drawn to, and you're feeling around for obstacles," said Mr. Pliska, who was divorced.
The mystery of Burt’s death is not the only one in “A Small, Melodramatic Story.” When O strikes up a romance with Keith’s friend Perry (Isiah Whitlock Jr.), a cop on the verge of retirement, another murky question regarding a death is unearthed.
Even supporters of the Citgo plan in New Haven, where Mr. Bush was born, said Mr. Chávez's gesture to the Northeast appears to be more about political theater than warmheartedness.
7 (40 longer at 450), No.
"I meant the state authorities," she says.
For several years, the design store Room Service (625 North Palm Canyon Drive, 760-318-9331, www.roomservice-la.com ) has been buying 1950's bungalows and turning them into vacation rentals.
And after my daughter is born, I will play with her when I'm in the mood and stop when I'm not, and I won't get all psycho about it.
“We believe our associates vote, and it is our responsibility to let them know when a politician speaks out for or against our company.” In a letter to its workers in Iowa, Wal-Mart warned of the political events, including appearances by Mr. Bayh, Mr. Biden and Gov.
They include Spike (Larry Gilliard Jr.), an aspiring found-object sculptor; Delilah (Damian Young), a flamboyant homosexual accessorized with a Chihuahua; Butch (Zak Orth), a presumptuous graduate student; Scarlet (Heather Burns), the house floozy; and Negrito (Otto Sanchez), a neighborhood fixture.
With the governor's deadline looming, the Pataki administration, the Port Authority and the developer Larry A. Silverstein continued negotiations yesterday over a major realignment at ground zero but remained far apart on critical financial issues concerning the rebuilding effort.
in Social Welfare, and practised Social Work in Columbus, OH, Pittsfield, MA and Newark, NJ.
In 1904 House & Garden wrote, “Seldom have the kindred arts of sculpture and architecture been more happily mated.” Percy Preston Jr., the archivist of St. Bartholomew’s, wrote about the portal in the December 2001 issue of Antiques magazine.
To the Editor: Re “New Campaign Ads Have a Theme: Don’t Be Nice” (front page, Sept. 27): It is a sad day in American politics when so many politicians consider the best way to communicate to voters is through negative attack ads.
Since then, new high-end stores have appeared in lesser resorts, the Forum Shops have expanded (though the Gucci at the Bellagio, placed next to its Italian rivals, Fendi and Prada, seems more alluring than its Forum counterpart) and Mr. Wynn has sold the Bellagio.
Brokers: Prudential Douglas Elliman; Wohlfarth.
She is a daughter of Leonor Yabes Munez and Dr. Henry S. Munez of Highland Park, Ill.
Ms. Newell considers that slight progress for the approximately 50 women in Arkansas prisons and jails who give birth each year.
CARRIE IMBERMAN at the Kentshire booth.
It’s called “Anything Can Happen,” and in it Mary achieves her apotheosis as an advice guru.
Replacing Mr. Ford proved more difficult, and in a way bewildering.
But Bowden won their last meeting, in 1990 at the Blockbuster Bowl in Miami, 24-17.
Kiss me first.” He tapped his cheek, and gave a crisp gesture with his hand, “and then a blessing.”
But Mr. Giuliani acknowledged that voters had registered concern about Iraq in the election, and he said that he, like others, was awaiting with interest the recommendations of a bipartisan commission appointed earlier this year to assess the situation there.
Snoop Dogg, seizing his opportunity, inhabits the mind and heart of his anguished, fuming character with an electrifying conviction.
But Texas squandered a 45-yard run by Young on its next possession when a busted run cost them six yards, and Pino then missed a 31-yard field-goal attempt wide right.
"Unfortunately, it is impossible," he said.
It is to offer visitors to Hoovers.com the ability to mine their networks to find helpful connections with prospective clients or business partners.
But a certain resonance would have vanished, the vibrations of a social instrument devised for the precise purpose of detecting a historically outstanding performance.
The jazz district would be in the old Storyville section, north of the French Quarter, an idea championed by the trumpeter Wynton Marsalis, a member of the commission and the co-chairman of its culture committee.
Mr. Kamm said he raised the case of Mr. Zhao and others last month in a meeting with Foreign Ministry officials.
A new idea need not require familiarity with the latest scientific advances.
In its technical virtuosity and material extravagance, it seems to be crying out: “Look at me!
Cherished husband of 61 years to Lorraine, devoted father to Jonathan, Donna, and the late Richard.
"Organic is especially popular with young mothers," said Ms. Mastrell, who started her business several years ago with a partner in Copenhagen, where she used to live and where organic baby clothes have an established market.
A deal between AT&T, formerly known as SBC Communications, and BellSouth has been talked about for months.
"We accomplished something this year that we haven't done in 23 years: we won a league championship.
Edward L. Burlingame, a retired publishing executive who lives in Westchester County, said he has relied on the same morning-after remedy -- a dire brew of beef consommé, Worcestershire sauce and vodka known as a bull shot -- for years but allows that faith might be its most potent ingredient.
She is proud to be Mrs. Paul Bratter, and her first desire is to make her new hubby (Mr. Wilson), a fledgling lawyer, a happy home.
Almost every college community bears scorch marks from the inevitable friction between town and gown, but Durham has a particularly bad case.
Like all professions, psychoanalysis is only as good as its custodians.
When that happens, Gannett and Tribune have the right to buy what will become McClatchy's one-third, at market value.
Howard's insight into the possibilities for the treatment of peripheral vascular disease has made a difference in the lives of patients, and in the physicians who treat them.
The bridegroom, 40, graduated from a seven-year combined premedical and medical program of Brooklyn College and the the State University of New York Downstate Medical Center in Brooklyn.
Sources for disease-resistant apples include St. Lawrence Nurseries at (315) 265-6739 or www.sln.potsdam.ny.us and Burnt Ridge Nursery at (360) 985-2873 or burntridgenursery.com.
There are a one-car attached garage and a landscaped yard with perennial gardens.
The oldest child of immigrants, she spoke Yiddish as her first language and learned English when she went to school.
Many were disappointed when the company conceded in March that Vista would not be ready for consumers until January, missing the holiday sales season.
Especially in a building without a finicky co-op board to examine one’s social and financial pedigree.
"Bad value," he said, explaining that while many foreign carmakers had plants in China and produced high-quality cars at a reasonable price, BMW's were all imported, with huge taxes added on.
The city has the nation’s largest park system, 14,000 acres of outdoor options.
But to suggest that such a maneuver is our only recourse now ignores the role the founders expected Congress to play when a president commits such a flagrant abuse of power.
Teams were looking for easy victories, not engaging matchups.
But as the protest grew hostile on Monday, he was flown in a United Nations helicopter to the capital, where he met with Juan Gabriel Valdés, chief of the United Nations Stabilization Mission, which has struggled to help restore order to Haiti since an uprising forced President Jean-Bertrand Aristide out of power and into exile two years ago.
Ms. Heinen left the company without a public announcement in May and declined to comment on the reason for her departure.
In "NEW STRATEGIES WITH DJ SPOOKY" at Symphony Space, he collaborates with the composer-performers SUPHALA, VIJAY IYER and MATTHEW SHIPP on works for turntables, laptop computers, cellphones and conventional instruments.
One lot sold last August for $150,000 in the crowded Cultus Bay section, with views of the Olympic Mountains and the bay.
The Reynolds decision did what Baker had not: it established a clear mathematical standard.
The strokes are jostling dashes and colored streamers.
This debate, like the first one, was a civil affair that never turned personal.
Several mutations would be needed, and virologists disagree about whether they are likely to occur.
"Plus," Mr. Forester added, "it's a perfect spot on your way to Bungalow 8."
And throughout, there's Ms. Marshall's luminous music: a ghostly soul song, even more unshakable.
"At first, people looked at us like we had three eyes," Mr. Brown told Travel and Leisure Golf, which seems to be endorsing the idea.
We see this as more of a fashion trend.” Still, Ms. Levitt agreed that the skull is not what it used to be.
Diners may also find mini-Kobe beef cheeseburgers cooked to juicy medium-rare perfection and seductive Memphis-style barbecued ribs , which fell from the bones.
My lamb shish kebab platter, served with hummus, tzatziki, house-made laffa (a pocketless pita) and cumin-scented lentil rice, should have been fabulous -- all the flavors were -- but some of the lamb pieces were tough.
Despite the bad press, or perhaps because of it, "Melissa P." beat out "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" when it opened in November, and it has become one of the five top-grossing Italian films of last year, with more than 6 million euros ($7.4 million) in ticket sales.
Mr. Kim said the new labs reflected Samsung's shift from simply developing products toward basic research to find the next big idea.
No one expects a Mafia defector to be Eagle Scout material.
Mr. Harris, 32, is an associate real estate broker with the Corcoran Group in New York.
This makes a great deal of sense — and it’s easy to add the reasons when they are warranted.
As the run continues, and everyone’s health improves, the overall performance may improve as well.
The judge, Stanwood R. Duval Jr. of Federal District Court, signed the final judgment June 29 in the civil rights case, which is named for Judith DeCorte, a legal assistant in the district attorney's office for 14 years, who was fired along with dozens of her co-workers to make room for Mr. Jordan's choices in January 2003.
And what started as a single museum in Montecito, in 1983, has grown, quietly but steadily, into nine Karpeles Manuscript Library Museums around the United States, each with rotating exhibitions from the collection.
Vijay Beniwal, a software design engineer for Microsoft, orders lunches from several home cooks and can explain why he does not order from restaurants.
SOMETIME around noon today, the hairstylist Ben Skervin will arrive at Keira Knightley's hotel suite and prepare her to be scrutinized, tress by misted tress, by the billion people around the world expected to watch the Oscars tonight.
Among many other things, that we cannot wait for the second one.
But Mr. Li, a popular television host known for his flamboyant style, makes an entrance, nonetheless.
Still, the industry expects to sell about a half-million of the new players in 2006, mostly as components in PC's rather than as stand-alone devices.
The March issue of Elle Girl promises readers "375 excuses to shop."
Many come from show business -- they are charming and know how to give a good party.
In my honor, Lahcen and Ali sang a song about a Fatima who wanted to pack her suitcase and go to Agadir, a town on the coast.
Simply hang the fixture using the screws that come with it and plug the cord into an electrical outlet.
The rate of killings has increased, however, in the suburbs.
“But yes, the onus really is on them to succeed.”
Your devoted children, Susanne and Brett
$900,000 to $1.2 million Murray Hill $1.139 million 25 Tudor City Place (41st St.) Number of bedrooms: 3 Number of full bathrooms: 3 Number of half bathrooms: 0 Weeks on market: 12 weeks 1,250-sq.-ft. co-op in a prewar building; 24-hr.
The Lincoln Primary Care Center in Hamlin, a town of 1,500 an hour’s winding drive west of Charleston, is a showcase for preventive medicine, with its own fitness center, an exercise physiologist, a dietary adviser and a mental health counselor — resources that are lacking in many rural clinics.
For its part, the Bush administration tempered its backing by warning that Israel should not destroy governmental resources or cause a refugee crisis.
Mike Estabrook presents a nine-minute video loop of "The O'Reilly Factor" played backward with odd suggestions and fake news items scrolling across the bottom of the screen.
This film is not rated.
When Congress cut investment taxes three years ago, it was clear that the highest-income Americans would gain the most, because they had the most money in investments.
There's an emphasis on the digital scans and the carbon-dating, as if the academic inquiry were a Jerry Bruckheimer forensics show.
Omnicom to Announce Purchase of Majority Stake in EVB The Omnicom Group in New York plans to announce today that it has bought a majority stake in EVB, an agency in San Francisco that specializes in interactive marketing.
Ken Bossong Takoma Park, Md., May 24, 2006 The writer is coordinator, Sun Day Campaign.
" "Maybe people will get a chance to see what they're afraid of," Ms. Donnell, 44, said of the 90-minute "All Aboard!," to be broadcast on HBO Thursday.
"We will work with Fatah and independents and other factions to make it a national government."
"A lot of the material is really mature," Ms. Gardner said, citing films by the New York City branch of Global Action Project, a media arts and leadership-training group. "
Customers pay the virtual operators directly, and receive customer support from them.
Now a college counselor specializing in fine-tuning applicants to top colleges and universities, Ms. Hernandez this year advised 15 clients who applied for early admission to Ivy League schools.
If you hit the nail wrongly, it's like your thumb: you know it right away."
Much more than just a colleague, she was a dear friend and she will be deeply missed.
In cases where NBBC sells the advertising, it expects to give about 30 percent of the revenue to the program producer and 20 percent to the site on which the video is shown, and to keep 50 percent for itself, according to an executive familiar with the company’s deals.
He has long been taking resveratrol, though at a dose of only five milligrams per kilogram.
A tell-all by an actress who has appeared in many hip-hop videos.
The triumph of American civil rights is that such categorical exclusions by the state or employers are now relatively rare.
Re "Preventing a Second Jayson Blair" (June 18): During my career as a cell biologist, I have heard and read about countless cases of junior researchers fabricating data even at the most prestigious universities and medical schools.
The Chevrolet Trailblazer, Ford Explorer, Dodge Ram pickup and Chevrolet Silverado pickup were all given the lowest possible rating.
Dr. Sobel said, referring to cholesterol-lowering medication.
8 on the hardcover nonfiction list.
"I'm all for that," I say to myself, as I am swiftly led to the elevator, also lined in sycamore.
Optioned LHP Rafael Perez to Akron of the EL.
The subject matter often dictates the size of the number.
"It's like a good soap opera," said Michael Useem, a professor at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
A spokeswoman for Ukraine's security services said in a telephone interview that a court in Crimea had ordered their deportation, apparently without allowing them to appeal.
While Ayatollah Sistani is viewed suspiciously by the leadership of Iran — he opposes clerics' involvement in politics — his relations with the Iranian people have deepened and spread since the American occupation of Iraq.
Lola subsequently takes matters into her own hands, designing a pair of thigh-high red-and-black-patterned leather boots with a heel the height of a skyscraper.
Mike Huckabee -- The governor of Arkansas has lost more than 100 pounds since he was found to have diabetes in 2003.
In prosecutors' offices in El Salvador, as in prosecutors' offices anywhere, longer sentences are considered better sentences.
“They shouldn’t be allowed to tell the kids what to eat,” Mrs. Critchlow said of the school authorities.
It's just that it's been a long time getting resources to express those ambitions."
The memorial service will be at 7:00 PM Thursday, April 6, in New York at St. Aloysius Church, 219 W. 132 St. (7th-8th Aves).
For comparison, the Knicks as a whole were outscored by 5.58 points per 48 minutes over that 10-game span.
"You want to buy The Boston Globe because you want a voice at the top."
A shy man whose command of English was (to put it generously) rudimentary, my father took pride in starting his own office.
During the 2003 invasion, some branch offices were destroyed.
Their names are Suzanne and Cheryl.
Pretax profit rose 9.4 percent, to 720 million euros ($919 million) in the quarter, below expectations of 742 million euros, despite in-line results at its core automotive business as write-downs on financial instruments again hurt earnings.
When you consider the inherent romance and adventure of hunting for buried treasure, it seems odd that America's gold rushes haven't yielded a more enduring literature: people left everything behind and suffered grueling hardship for the chance to find a fortune, and all we got out of it were Jack London's anthropomorphic dogs and "Oh My Darling Clementine"?
Mr. Grant did not respond to a message left at his home in Evanston, Ill. Ms. Watkins, reached at home at the Parc Vendome, refused to discuss the deal or her connection to Mr. Grant.
The death of a Queens man whose body was found on Friday morning near a .38-caliber pistol in Howard Beach was a homicide, the medical examiner's office said last night.
"I'll leave that to the media imperialists."
Snarling white tigers decorate a mural behind the central food bar, where chefs will grill over charcoal: 845 First Avenue (47th Street), (212) 964-7777.
Peabody will also assume about $190 million of Excel Coal's debt.
"The risk you take on with an ultrashort bond fund is pretty modest," said Tad Rivelle, chief investment officer at Metropolitan West Asset Management in Los Angeles.
When calls are answered or initiated, music is automatically switched off and the call takes center stage.
Just as I'm about to point him out to the Lincoln dude, a border-crosser gets between me and the car.
If current projections are met, the global tourism industry will be undergoing a crash course in everything Chinese to accommodate the needs of what promises to be the greatest wave of international travelers ever.
The Independent Television Service, which co-produced the film, has pulled together an extensive outreach campaign around the project.
In 2004, Hispanics accounted for about one in eight voters.
"When you're a kid, and your mom is cooking sauce in the kitchen on a Sunday, and this song comes on the radio, and all you can say is, 'Who is that?,' it's hard to say how that stuff moves your insides.
James H. Bissland Bowling Green, Ohio March 6, 2006
In Lebanon, of course, politics was rigidly defined by religion: Christian (mostly Maronite) or Sunni, Shiite and Druze.
A glimpse of the real singer it may have been, but if so, the moment only underlined how far from the purported tenor of the evening was the person behind the music.
Inspired by the three-dimensional interactive motion graphics in Myst, a computer game that has since sold more than 12 million copies, Mr. Johnson learned computer programming and began his company, Brad Johnson Presents, with a production for Visa.
He sees her music more as pop than rap.
Dar Williams, Amy Grant, Shawn Colvin, Sonya Kitchell (backed by Assembly of Dust), Joanne Shenandoah, and even male performers including Martin Sexton, Marc Cohn, Jesse Malin and Mark Oliver Everett (leading Eels) stayed close to Ms. Mitchell's versions of the songs they chose.
"This legislation is all about protecting children's health," Ms. Wood said in an interview.
When he turned 21, Phys told Hogan, he would plunk down $10,000 and become the youngest player ever to win poker's greatest prize — the World Series of Poker No Limit Texas Hold 'Em bracelet.
We would like to express our gratitude to those who supported the effort of this committee and provided critical assistance.
"Sixteen Military Wives," one of the most striking songs on "Picaresque," is mostly a cutting satire of contemporary politics.
"Loud and Soft," Sunday at 3 p.m. at Merkin Concert Hall, 129 West 67th Street, Manhattan; (212) 875-5656 or (212) 875-5709.
"I thought about what had happened in Italy and Germany so recently, and the rumors about what was going on in Russia."
Known as WorldCat ( www.worldcat.org ), it includes the catalogs of many of the finest libraries in the world, among them the New York Public Library, the Brooklyn Public Library and those of Harvard, Columbia and Yale.
The prosecutors have "repeatedly claimed that Lone Star has refused several summons to appear, and is not cooperating in this investigation," he said.
In Disney style, which the very young Sendak used to imitate, the kidnappers wear great big shoes with little white squares to indicate a shine.
You see nothing, nothing, nothing."
Bill Powell, a sports photographer in Tulsa, Okla., shoots high school and college games and sells his work to the players and their parents.
It is something he is entitled to do under the byzantine federal tax code because his employer doesn't have offices in his area.
The Levy and Golden Families
"You don't win with offense, that's the bottom line.
You see McDonald's and it's like you are getting shot."
The Four Seasons Resort Palm Beach raises the price ceiling to new heights with a meal of blinis, Oestra caviar and chocolate-dipped strawberries for $185, or potentially more depending on the going price of caviar.
"I've known Jay as long as anybody in this room," Ms. Stewart said.
A woman is most likely to become pregnant if she has sex close to the time of ovulation, and especially during the two to three days before the egg is released from the ovary.
This is a kaleidoscopic and macabre rendering of John Hunter (1728-93), the English surgeon whose ethical laxity -- he had regular dealings with body snatchers and tested new surgical procedures on unwitting patients -- resulted in tremendous medical strides.
"I've gotten more links from dorkbot than from any other Web site," said Michelle Rosenberg, an artist who delivered a lecture on the history of hearing aids and presented her own headphone sculptures at a meeting last January.
devoted too much of its resources to reviewing new drug applications and not enough to tracking post-approval safety.
"Julie is a motormouth," he said.
Otherwise, either leave them alone or cut off the weaker of each pair at the soil line and keep removing its sprouts until it gives up.
For Mr. Wheeldon, it becomes the aural underpinning of a study in human relationships.
They think it is a tough and cruel agency, but in fact it is not nearly as tough and cruel as it should be.
How and why did they get caught?
No, the big problem for Bush & Co. -- the thing that makes the president and his apologists apoplectic -- is the mere fact that this domestic spying program has come to light.
The Department of Defense has identified 2,948 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war.
Craig Jackson, 46, another former Crossings patient, said he drank for 30 years and used heroin for 20, and lived in the Brentwood house for three months.
In a Vanity Fair feature of the day, Lamb was named one of New York's 10 "Poets of Steel," an honor denied to both Van Alen and Severance.
Roddick was upset by Joachim Johansson of Sweden in the quarterfinals of the United States Open in 2004 and by Gilles Muller of Luxembourg in the first round last year.
Her mother is the New York State chairwoman of the Women’s Leadership Forum of the Democratic National Committee and also a board member of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the New School University.
"They've got this secret handshake that nobody else knows about," said Representative Rahm Emanuel, the Illinois Democrat who was a top White House adviser to Mr. Clinton.
The analysis defined combat exposure by objective measures that may have missed the harrowing experiences people had while serving and the private, subjective feelings of helplessness that followed.The most important figure in the study, most agreed, was the rate of chronic mental suffering.
Carter, the Nets' leading scorer, entered the game ranked 13th in the league in scoring with an average of 24.1 points a game.
In 2001, Simon & Schuster paid her nearly $8 million to write the book.
In the fourth quarter the Nets used an 8-2 run to create some separation.
Over the last 12 months, Latin American portfolios climbed by a staggering 77.5 percent.
Two of Edward's children, Percy and Leon Moran, also were artists.
Hofstra University, Monroe Lecture Center Theater.
North America has been exiled, with Canada losing to Russia and enduring even more humiliation than the United States.
If the cost of those forces were amortized into the total cost of petroleum, the true cost of energy, at the gas pump, would be at least $4 or $5 per gallon.
When the summer monsoon blows past, the world's fringes unite.
"I think it's especially tragic because we were on the verge, for the first time in a really long time, of stability in the area and now everything is one big mess," said Natan Hayman dipping his pita bread into a plate of hummus in Tel Aviv.
A spokeswoman for Deutsche Bank, Germany's largest bank, declined to comment yesterday.
In the newest J. D. Power customer service surveys, cable systems outperform satellite in some areas of the country.
To demonstrate the influence of Holmes's analytical approach to solving crimes, Ms. Wagner said that in the case of the 1888 London murder spree by Jack the Ripper, no logical method was used to collect evidence at the crime scenes, evidence was mishandled and facilities for post-mortem examination were inadequate.
As a sop, General Hamdani received a company of Special Operations forces as reinforcements and was finally granted permission to destroy the Euphrates River bridge southwest of Baghdad.
Mr. Pataki stopped at the park on the eve of an announcement expected today by the 16-member board of the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation to authorize the spending of $19.5 million to enhance six parks and public spaces in Lower Manhattan, including the triangular Canal Street plot with its frozen weeds.
The Times said others had discussed what locals called the "bump the bumps," but Chatham was first to install them.
We grieve with the family on their loss.
The deal enables Nissan, Volvo and Nissan Diesel to cooperate on commercial vehicles with Dongfeng Motor, China's third-largest assembler, and to challenge DaimlerChrysler, which plans to start making trucks in Beijing this year.
As college progressed, they became best friends, dated women and ultimately became suite mates.
Mr. Rhys Meyers, dandily attired in a tight suit coat and an open shirt with little pearls lining the cuffs, had been chatting with a TALL MAN WEARING A FEDORA.
"We can get dim sum on Sunday without standing in line," Mr. Kimmel said.
As for naming the plaza, he called the honor "a momentous occasion, and one I'm humbly grateful for."
As a student of social movements and an occasional political blogger, I had hoped that the Web offered a more democratic space for a wide variety of voices, and in theory, that was what blogs were supposed to offer (Matt Bai, May 28).
Directed by Patrick Stettner; written by Mr. Stettner, Armistead Maupin and Terry Anderson, based on the novel by Mr. Maupin; director of photography, Lisa Rinzler; edited by Andy Keir; music by Peter Nashel; production designer, Michael Shaw; produced by Robert Kessel, Jeffrey Sharp, John N. Hart Jr. and Jill Footlick; released by Miramax Films.
Reception: May 7, 2 to 5 p.m. "Tidal Currents," works by members of Upstream Gallery.
Bernice grew up in Catskill, New York.
Fine Arts- Create a collage of items (or pictures of items) that may become obsolete with the proliferation of RFID chips in humans.
Mr. Rollins said the company saw signs that its customer service, another area of concern, was improving.
“Congress doesn’t perceive this as a problem because the numbers aren’t so big,” he said.
It is in Hollywood, not Silverlake.
Just inside the locked basement door is a large foyer, with the security guard's desk on the right and a reception area with seating for guests on the left.
Those differences extended to the ensembles, which occupied opposite sides of the stage.
Before the match, Bogomolov was fined $4,500 for uttering obscenities and verbally abusing the chair umpire Pascal Maria during a contentious first-round upset of No.
"The slowing trend in industrial growth is likely to continue, but I don't think this will herald a sharp slowdown in the country's economic growth," he said.
Interment at St. Mary's Cemetery.
“Friendster missed the chance to become a multibillion-dollar company,” said Mr. Thiel, the PayPal co-founder who has continued to invest in Friendster.
It was an amount in some ways laughable to him, because he expected never to pay it off in this lifetime, but at the same time he knew it was a serious matter.
In 2059, Lt. Eve Dallas investigates the killings of a father and son, both of whom were cosmetic surgeons; by Nora Roberts, writing pseudonymously.
The report painted a portrait of social calamity that included 100,000 Iraqis a month fleeing to Syria and Jordan, and schools in some of the most violent areas of the country almost completely shut down.
That was my parents' way of explaining tastes that seemed to them inexplicable: better "suffered" than "preferred to live with the dog."
“The characters are enormously popular,” says Mr. Naka — a statement that is confirmed by the hordes of schoolchildren screaming for “Dulci!
As often happens when a local story produces strong video, the incident caught the eye of both CNN and the "Today" show, which produced segments the next day on Mr. Vasquez's catch; naturally, both national shows asked NY1 for footage of Mr. Meminger's interview.
"It will take some time for experts to review the data to determine which of the two treatments is preferable."
The State Prosecutor's Office investigated the group in spring 2004 and decided not to ban it because it had not broken the law.
Next week, Microsoft will cite Apple's success with its iPod portable music player and iTunes, its music portal on the Internet, as proof that competition and innovation are buoyant in this part of the software market.
The big firm focused only on the institutions, and really didn't care about individual investors.
As Ngozi Ola wrote: "I'm a Nigerian-born, Bronx-raised, Harvard-educated American.
Influenced principally by John Coltrane, Ali Akbar Khan and Duane Allman -- whose songs he performs during his duties as a member of the Allman Brothers Band -- Mr. Trucks uses a slide on his fretting hand and picks the strings with his fingers.
The standard of proof in civil cases – as was demonstrated in the successful wrongful death lawsuit against former pro football player O. J. Simpson after he was acquitted of murdering his ex-wife – is much lower than in a criminal case.
Susan was a passionate advocate for people with ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease).
“There are very large potential ramifications,” he said.
Illegal immigrants who have lived here two to five years would have to travel to a United States border crossing and apply for a temporary work visa, but they would also be eligible for permanent residency and citizenship over time.
"I knew all along this was going to be a tough game," said Moss, who caught 4 passes for 82 yards, including a 54-yarder that set up a third-quarter Washington touchdown.
And that Americans nevertheless voted for George W. Bush, this time by an actual majority.
BREAKING A BARRIER 60 YEARS BEFORE ROBINSON -- Baseball acknowledges 17 stars and owners who predated modern integration.
In an interview on "The Charlie Rose Show" last Friday, Mr. Rumsfeld said the Lincoln Group, a Pentagon contractor responsible for placing the stories, had been told to halt the practice of paying Iraqi editors to publish articles written by American soldiers.
The shirts had become very blousy, and there shouldn't be anything blousy about it."
(That makes three varieties, for those keeping score at home.)
This is late-stage trachoma, a neglected disease of neglected people, and a preventable one, but for a lack of the modest resources that could defeat it.
It is still a move in the right direction."
But on Friday, he spoke dismissively of a possible lawsuit during the partial opening of a luxury hotel adjacent to the Senecas' existing casino in Niagara Falls.
Other research along these lines has found that parents with girls are slightly more likely to get divorced and that young boys get more parental attention, because fathers spend more time with them.
(He wore a button on his lapel with another of his creations: "The Tunnel -- Dig It.")
With its crusty bark; gnarly, serpentine limbs and profuse finer branches; and its presumably enormous weight, it gives you a feeling similar to that of being up close to an elephant or a whale.
The clock read 3 a.m. “I’m all right,” I replied, trying to recover.
“Normally, if you’ve got something as small as an ingrown toenail, you feel it,” Dr. Pinzur said.
The two unions are members of a labor federation created last year, partly under the service employees' union's leadership, as a rival to the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
“It was literally three blocks from where we used to live, but we didn’t know there was a modern house in there,” said Ms. Schaeffer, a computer systems consultant with a previous career in real estate.
Microsoft last night stepped up its antitrust battle with the European Commission by publishing letters between Steve Ballmer, its chief executive, and Neelie Kroes, the EU Competition Commissioner, to show that it had complied with a Brussels mandate to allow competitors access to its technology.
Cape Cod, famous everywhere for its beaches, also has 80 miles of bike trails, about 55 miles of them paved and the rest legally sanctioned mountain bike trails.
Her vignettes shift between the metaphorical and the credible, but manage to retain an engaging realism of gesture and expression.
"It's kind of like finding the real Camelot," he says in the film.
It has a center and a periphery.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to CCNY.
Caption information is provided below.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made in Gerry's memory to The House of Compassion, 12 Maple Lane, Dover Plains, NY 12522.
In a public indication that Mr. Buckham, Mr. DeLay's former chief of staff, was under scrutiny, federal law enforcement officials confirmed that he was the person referred to as "Lobbyist B" in court documents released as part of Mr. Rudy's plea agreement.
Meanwhile, each month, the Kpakas met with Denise Eugene, their caseworker from Children's Aid, and with a nurse, to learn to care for Nile.
He liked twilight golf, so that didn't seem so unusual, but his car was still in the parking lot.
"The Arab satellite broadcasters Al Jazeera and Al Arabiya both turned us down," he said, sitting beneath the seal of Hamas, which depicts the Dome of the Rock (which stands alongside Al Aksa mosque in Jerusalem) between crossed swords and an idealized map of Palestine.
"It was a matter of misplaced trust by the board."
Mr. Rumsfeld and senior military commanders in Iraq are planning to meet Tuesday with a group of retired officers and civilian analysts as part of an effort by the Pentagon to stanch calls for Mr. Rumsfeld's resignation from a half-dozen retired generals.
The truly needy are much poorer than that, and critics say that private-sector solutions don't help them much.
You have to wonder who is going to buy all that expensive men's wear when Mr. Melillo's $280 cotton canvas blazers and $150 twill pants look just as nice.
And I just bought some Frownies" -- adhesive patches "produced to the formula of 1889 ... that can reduce the depth of already existing wrinkles" -- "though I haven't got round to using them.
Mr. Deveaux was also charged with resisting arrest and obstructing governmental administration.
8 p.m., Merkin Concert Hall, 129 West 67th Street, Manhattan, (212) 501-3303; $25.
Both The Manila Times and The Australian reported that the attack on the Golden Mosque in Samarra triggered "communal fighting" -- that is, within a community, geographically defined.
Referring to her family, she added, "This is a very difficult time for us."
But very many people, when they see others who are not afraid, who dare to tell the truth, they will start to have more courage."
If the current slowdown in home sales and mortgage and home equity lending persists or intensifies into the spring and summer, when the housing market is usually at its peak, that could curb consumer spending.
The most popular last year, according to the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, were liposuction, nose reshaping (or rhinoplasty), blepharoplasty to remove bags and tighten the eyelids, breast reduction and face-lifts.
On average, 43 percent of the votes cast last year on those proposals supported them; in 13 cases, a majority of shares were voted in favor of them.
Although some of this flexibility began showing up in the paper, I confess I didn’t immediately pick up on it.
That's up to the officials to catch.
Graveside service will be held at Fairview Cemetery, Middletown, NJ, on Wednesday, October 25th, at 1 pm.
All over the city, entire blocks have been given over to construction projects as creative as the performances and artworks they are designed to showcase.
But Mr. Paterson said that once he accepted Mr. Spitzer's offer and it became public, "it then was something we all wanted to do."
His income comes from the government: $929 a month in Social Security benefits and $69 a month in food stamps.
Some players disdain the guides, which they say are less about strategy than taking shortcuts.
They fly airplanes into buildings full of civilians.
The racing association runs the Belmont, Aqueduct and Saratoga racetracks.
Brown gives us "the first rhododendron martyr," an early American botanist "accidentally shot whilst plant collecting along the Roanoke River in May 1692"; Marianne North, a painter and the "high priestess of the Victorian passion for rhododendrons"; Charles Sprague Sargent, the cousin of John Singer, who was the director of the Arnold Arboretum at Harvard and "the linchpin in America's rhododendron story"; Johnny Millais, the English adventurer and an eventual founder of the Rhododendron Society who "brought the thrill of the chase to the rhododendron world."
If an individual has modified adjusted gross income of $80,000 to $100,000, the surcharge will be 13.3 percent, which adds about $13 to the monthly premium, for a total of about $111.50.
Its opening this time is still a mystery.)
Opera inspires a rare kind of fanatical love.
The daughter of Mohammad Taghi Khosrowshahi and Mahin Banoo Boushehri, Shahla Samii was born on December 17th, 1944 in Teheran, Iran.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21 - The federal Education Department has agreed to review requests from 20 states to alter significantly the way they measure student progress under the No Child Left Behind Act.
The bridegroom is a stepson of Faina I. Kofman.
"Our attitude to the proposal is positive," Mr. Larijani, the secretary of the Supreme National Security Council, said after meeting with his Russian counterpart, Igor S. Ivanov, Russian news agencies reported.
But a chance cocktail-lounge encounter between the town rainmaker, Dick Dirigian, and the fist of a Vegas casino lord, Tony “Loose Slots” Silotta, blooms into an ingenious scheme whereby Gammage gets itself recognized as the Filaquonsett reservation, and the town’s library is replaced with the world’s largest Indian casino.
Michael Allen, senior lawyer with the Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law in Washington, who also lobbied lawmakers here, said the measures were "a political quick fix in response to tragedies."
In his comments beside Ms. Rice on Thursday, Mr. Ban said South Korea was awaiting more specific guidelines from a United Nations sanctions committee working on details of carrying out the resolution.
Four farmworkers were hospitalized Friday, but health officials said tests showed they did not have the disease, which can be deadly to humans.
Another example occurred in 1999, when "20/20," the ABC News program, interviewed officials from a company called Metabolife International.
"I don't know how I feel," said Bonnie Hoisington, whose daughter Abbie, 28, died in the fire.
On Friday, LocateCell.com posted a note saying it was no longer accepting new orders.
The older museum will house art, and the spaces between the two will become a vast public forum packed with a lobby, a restaurant and offices.
Admission: $2 to $4; free for members and children under age 6; free for everyone on Tuesdays; free for everyone on Saturdays, 10 a.m. to noon.
Faith gives a lively rendering of these arriviste adventures, but it isn't until he gets around to Edgar Jr. that his years at The Financial Times and The Economist pay off.
Not showing the clinical strikes of the Israelis as compared with the wanton attempt to take any Israeli life is disgusting.
"I call the Israelis when I arrive every morning, but I never know if they will let us open," Mr. Shouqa said.
The festival's contracts stipulate "mutual control" over production aspects between producer and performer, Mr. Melnick said.
Iran moved as far as it has on nuclear weapons development by successfully dividing the countries that could and should be drawing and enforcing clear red lines.
On Thursday, in cool and dry conditions, Scott snared the lead midway through his first round, only to be passed by several players, including Justin Rose and Dean Wilson, who each opened the tournament at seven-under-par 64.
The attack, which also killed an Indonesian and wounded seven other Americans, occurred on a road owned by the company, which operates the world's largest gold mine in the province.
But in doing so, they effectively distort what Simone Weil, the French philosopher, mystic and activist, was about.
I told him to build a program, not a team.
David Dodwell Jr., the resort’s resident manager, said: “On some days, the smell does come over to a small part of the resort.
Both groups, he said, are attracting institutional buyers, which typically have the cash to move stocks and markets.
Born on March 10, 1921 in Brooklyn, NY, he grew up in Montclair, NJ and Preston Hollow, Albany County, NY and later resided for many years in Oak Hill, Greene County, NY.
Services today 11:30AM at Riverside Chapel, 76th St & Amsterdam Ave.
Dull is not one of them.
On Monday, the Hanleys went to the city Law Department, signed some papers and took the recording back to their home on the East Side of Manhattan.
Here, music critics of The New York Times review the year's most notable new holiday albums.
The bankruptcy filing halted trading of shares of Dana, based in Toledo, Ohio, on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
"Hirschfeld's Harlem" pairs the artist's Harlem drawings with commentary by African-American notables: Representative Charles B. Rangel, for example, considers "Sugar Hill Statesman," and Eartha Kitt celebrates "Cocoa Venus."
Not so Christopher Buckley, who wrote the book "Thank You for Smoking," now a movie, as well as "No Way to Treat a Lady," a satiric novel about a first lady unjustly accused and tried for killing her husband.
For example, several Web sites included commercials that ran before the game, for advertisers like the Pizza Hut unit of Yum Brands, among those that ran during the game.
Robert D. Lister Watchung, N.J., Jan. 26, 2006
“We win some, and we lose some, but I would say we’re partial winners here,” said Judy Stanton, the executive director.
My grandfather finds this fascinating.
Many experts believe that attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is overdiagnosed and that the stimulants to treat it are overprescribed, thanks mostly to the marketing muscle of the drug industry and prescribing fads in the medical profession.
What is at stake is not a choice between 9 and 10 nuclear weapons states, but a choice between 9 and 30 or more.
"If we get down, he takes a lot on himself to go and win the game.
The Huffington Post drew criticism in March for publishing a fabricated George Clooney blog.
With companies suing analysts over negative research, it is increasingly a place where differences of opinion among investors -- precisely what makes a market a market -- are not tolerated.
But the pills now come with an alarming warning, mandated by the Food and Drug Administration, about serious side effects.
FARLEY--Thomas P., Jr. on November 26, 2006 of Port Washington.
Besides backing up vital records and functions at a secondary location, it is a good idea for small businesses to start networking to find a source of replacement workers, said Peter Morici, an economist and professor of business at the University of Maryland.
Because of that, Dr. Tsang said he believed that the number of Asian diabetics is underestimated; he has recently diagnosed at least a dozen new cases among his longtime patients.
"I feel, and have long felt, that discrimination in any form has no place in the life of a faith community."
We too will miss wonderful Billy.
administrator, this week about what credentials the school needed and that Lennon could not immediately provide the information.
"And it would take all kinds of stuff -- air, cruise missiles, multiple restrikes -- to make sure you've got it all."
While the strength-of-schedule component helps the SWAC's overall R.P.I., the winning percentage destroys it.
If they were unable to compete with bigger, faster sites, the result could be less diversity of content on the Internet.
KINGFISH The Reign of Huey P. Long.
“That illusion is gone,” he said.
BOTTOM LINE With its excellent location and sublime views (from many rooms), the hotel comes up a winner on nearly all counts.
In general, special teams is where low-round draft picks and undrafted agents go to prove themselves.
He had nine assists and just three turnovers.
An array of therapists -- speech, physical, occupational and others -- began working with him for hours every day.
Production on the film is to begin in early 2007, with release scheduled for the end of the year.
“It’s the love, the forgiveness, the heartfelt forgiveness they have toward the family,” Mr. Porter said.
The only downside is that T4 is not yet reachable by the Madrid subway, which goes only as far as Terminal 2.
Final Thoughts In The Times of London, Ben Macintyre contemplates literary endings.
That may help explain why the movie was nominated for an Academy Award for foreign-language film: despite the flavorful patois and subtitles, "Tsotsi" isn't much different from every studio cautionary tale with an unhappy past, a criminal present and an unhappier future.
PRINCETON - WHATEVER side you were on in the ideological wars of the 20th century, a strong case can be made that in Russia, Communism was not good for the arts.
Violence has afflicted every community in Iraq, which has suffered increased sectarian bloodshed since a major Shiite mosque in Samarra was bombed last month.
Yet the mining company's president, Ben Hatfield, waited nearly three hours to break the truth to the rejoicing families.
"We had family values, but at times we fell off the edge," said Ms. Lovato, who said she rarely even drank a glass of wine.
He was the person who his father wanted to take over that family."
For $6.95 you get rice flanked by one of 13 choices of meat and seafood.
92nd Street Y, 1395 Lexington Avenue, (212) 415-5500, www.92Y.org.
Lounges and lounge menus give them what they need, which is to say control and permission.
The authority supports arbitration, but the president of the local, Roger Toussaint, has called for a second vote on the contract proposal that his members narrowly rejected on Jan. 21.
"This is not only a school to me," she said.
But the doctors I spoke to also noted -- again, anecdotally -- that there were still consistent numbers of pregnant women coming to the hospital with unexplained bleeding.
12 Nigeria to Hand Over Dictator Nigeria said it would end the asylum of the deposed Liberian dictator Charles G. Taylor, a warlord-turned-president who presided over a country shattered by civil war, and hand him over to the Liberian government for trial on war crimes charges.
Their family would make 70 cakes before the holiday to snack on with pickled greens during the week, when stores were closed.
He regained his feet in the second half with a Concerto in D minor for recorder and flute, whose little Turkish rondo of a finale was positively charming, only to be decked again by Bach's "Brandenburg" Concerto No.
Benchmarks: Understands the difference between the “rule of law” and the “rule of men” (e.g., government decisions and actions made according to established laws vs. arbitrary action or decree); Understands how and why the rule of law can be used to restrict the actions of private citizens and government officials; Understands the possible consequences of the absence of a rule of law Civics Standard 26- Understands issues regarding the proper scope and limits of rights and the relationships among personal, political, and economic rights.
Though the program too frequently feels familiar, it does effectively add a layer to the usual awe by emphasizing that the Egyptian engineers, building structures of a size never seen before, were essentially learning by doing.
PAGE A4 Bush and Rice Pressing Iraq Diplomatic Effort President Bush and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice are traveling to Jordan for limited talks that include Iraq's prime minister and several leaders of predominantly Sunni Arab nations, but not the Iranians and Syrians.
It's not usual, and I think it gives a personal vibe to the kids."
Its product, the Shadow Tracker, is a radar-detector-size device installed in a car that automatically records trip mileage, time and position using satellite tracking technology.
Rich women can go to private doctors.
His psychiatric residency was at New York Hospital Cornell Medical Center followed by a private practice in psychiatry.
They are but survivals in a language that has been stripped of niceties, and I consider deliciousing a far worse offense than between you and I."
Logically, that pressure has to go somewhere.” Geographically, Farmersville, PA., is situated in central Lancaster County, close to New Holland and Paradise.
Shares of Russell, which makes sportswear under the Jerzees, Spalding and Huffy brands, skyrocketed over 35 percent in after-hours trade Monday.
The exact words could be used to describe the Bush approach.
Koke had been concerned that the music between plays was too loud, he said in an interview this week.
agents that she believed that the threats stemmed from articles she had begun working on about the actor Steven Seagal and his ties to New York organized-crime figures.
On the night before New Year's Eve, waiting for the Berlin-based electronic musician Ulrich Schnauss to begin his Knitting Factory set, a group of college-age men fervently discussed a litany of dire predictions.
The insurgents -- even those not in Al Qaeda -- have been systematically cleansing mixed neighborhoods of Shiites to construct what he calls "intelligence free zones": places where Sunni insurgents can operate freely, without fear of being targets.
The dispute over health care is a case in point.
There are too many other people who need her sympathy, above all her teenage daughter, Paula (Yohana Cobo), who was subject to Paco’s lecherous, unwelcome attention.
That was when Hollweg hit Philadelphia's R. J. Umberger squarely from behind and rammed him face-first into the boards.
(A heavy-duty Miramax campaign for "Shakespeare" did its work there.)
Insurance associations said they did not have figures on the number of policies bought to cover burial expenses, in part because most are listed as life insurance.
Mr. James said that the new precinct, at 261 16th Avenue, and a second location at 471 Irvington Avenue, would be open by June.
For those who don't know that the Irish-born playwright lived to 94, that means Mr. Staller is 48.
On the other hand, he is -- or was -- an inexhaustible fountainhead of crime.
"Now I'm fighting for freedom here."
Reception: Friday, 4 to 6 p.m.
Those who have lumpectomies, removing just the tumor, almost always need it.
In an effort to convince students otherwise, Mr. Andersen's essay at acm.org/ubiquity points out that taking high school math will "make you smarter."
Mr. Eggleston will also be part of a Sunday program for ages 11 to 14 in which he and his colleague Bill Cone, production designer for "A Bug's Life" and "Toy Story 2," discuss all that goes into a feature-length film.
Sure, laymen may not want to script the insidery suit scenes, which feature Fred Silverman (Saul Rubinek) and Brandon Tartikoff (Adam Reid), the NBC executives who gave the green light to “Diff’rent Strokes,” the sitcom about the rich white man who adopted the poor black boys.
Feb. 26 at 7:30 p.m. Donation.
More murders followed, the prosecutor said: There was James Hydell, kidnapped off the street, stuffed inside a trunk and killed by Mr. Casso.
Mr. Alito wanted the courts to focus as much on the president's interpretation of a law as on what he called "legislative intent."
To the Editor: Re "Long-Awaited Medical Study Questions the Power of Prayer" (front page, March 31): The problem with studies that focus on healing and prayer is that they imply that prayer is a results-based activity.
So they might start to have itchy rashes or swollen ears whenever they wear earrings.
At the pizza lunch, she urged the others to sign up for a trip to Boston Improv and dinner in the city's Italian neighborhood.
Photos: In a Memorial Day commemoration of the hundreds killed by Hurricane Katrina, New Orleanians, accompanied by a brass band, gathered in the devastated Lower Ninth Ward yesterday, placed hands on a rebuilt flood wall at the site where the Industrial Canal was breached last August, and displayed signs with the names of loved ones who did not survive.
His father retired as a partner in Williams, Mullen, Christian & Dobbins in Washington and was the assistant secretary of labor from 1989 to 1993 in the George H. W. Bush administration.
Unlike some of her characters, Ms. Wilson is comfortable in her own skin.
"There was no excuse for me not to succeed."
A16 NEW YORK/REGION B1-6 City Admits Lapses Led to Sewage Discharge New York City's Department of Environmental Protection was ordered to submit to federal court oversight for at least three years after admitting that its failure to repair backup generators at several sewage treatment plants caused the illegal discharge of 30 million gallons of untreated human waste into the East River during the 2003 blackout.
That life had revolved around his spunky art historian wife, who had tutored his natural inclination to be pierced by beauty, and their three lively daughters.
The solution we proposed will enable us to get all four buildings plus the retail up, and hopefully, occupied by late 2011."
"You'll have a better chance at tenure," he said, "if you're a homosexual professional than if you're a professional homosexual."
Mr. Burkle, 53, who made his fortune operating supermarkets, said that the time Mr. Clinton does spend on the funds is invaluable because of the incomparable access and political star power he provides.
That may mean starting only with the data that is vital to keeping the company running — financial records and customer orders, say — and using a cheap online service to automatically back up the data over the Web a few times a day.
There is nothing new in there that you haven’t already heard or read elsewhere, though the graphics are great.
Consider the case of Mr. Taylor by reading and discussing the article, “”Liberia Ex-Leader Faces War-Crimes Court.” 3.
Love, Jean "Sam" and Gary
The dancing was sinuous and strong, and the dance as a whole deserved its cheers.
Loving uncle of Katinka, Fritz and the late Annemarie.
Early data on rear-projection television sets sold in 2005 and 2006 showed that 10 percent needed repairs (about three times the repair rate of picture tube and flat panel sets).
Together or singled out in large cut-out images, the Drips are mainly sweating, cascading blobs of hairy flesh.
So is the coffee, tea and fruit that are laid out every morning.
He is survived by two sons, two daughters and, according to Rabbi Shmotkin, 20 grandchildren and hundreds of great- and great-great-grandchildren.
“Why pick on me?” said Orlando Bautista, a doctor in Smithtown, N.Y., who was told by the team in August that his upper-deck and bleacher seats at Yankee Stadium would be revoked after the season.
Mrs. Shah likes the fact that Moroccans adore children, stopping to pat their heads or bestow a kiss.
Miller ended up having the fourth-fastest second run in the field.
His mother was a clinical psychologist in Philadelphia.
This year, the Health Ministry in Saudi Arabia, where polio resurfaced in the last two years, will enforce a requirement that all Nigerians who join the annual pilgrimage to Mecca show proof that they have recently received a dose of oral polio vaccine before entering the country.
Consider the long-married man who goes home empty-handed because the relationship is so beyond that.
Downtown, construction is nearly complete at the $156 million Four Seasons Center for the Performing Arts, 145 Queen Street West, scheduled to open in June.
Mr. Stein complains none of his neighbors would take in his son, were his son sent home sick from school.
In an article published Saturday in The Times, four former players said they were not required to attend classes at Lutheran Christian, that their only teacher was their coach and that all the students were highly regarded basketball players.
Despite the late hour, the sun was streaming down.
A San Diego native who made his name locally by turning his family's beat-up van into a mobile art gallery, Mr. Ochoa has just completed a billboard celebrating the legacy of the Mexican muralist David Alfaro Siqueiros.
Izzi, meanwhile, may have unlocked the secret herself, in a manuscript she has been working on (by hand, on old-fashioned folio pages) called “The Fountain.” “Finish it,” she says to Tom.
When they were toddlers, it became a great environment for learning: "This is a pineapple.
The next time I showed up, about a week later, a worried-looking woman was talking to the girls.
Referring to booming Myrtle Beach 40 miles away, Mr. Dozier said, "You'll have a 1,000-home subdivision pop up there in two weeks."
He was later found in the village again but refused treatment.
The play's characters include a doctor, Con Eliot (Armand Schultz), who comes to the aid of rich women who find themselves in unexpected difficulties, and his tart-tongued wife, Jean (Becky Ann Baker), Amy's confidante, who uses knowledge of his clientele for social advancement.
We encountered the same mystery of the missing sauce in an order of coconut curry chicken.
And beyond the superficial thrill of a daredevil tempo, the finale of the Symphony No.
"This observation could favor the view that male and female homosexuality are different," said Dr. Savic, an associate professor of neurology at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm.
645 Fifth Avenue, at 52nd Street, (212) 486-4448.
"As they say, hopefully it's a whole lot easier to fix a leaky roof in the sun."
Ambulance crews carry patients down dim, steep stairwells.
The Ara Pacis, which remained in place throughout, was unwrapped in ceremony in September.
He escaped damage in the fourth, when he struck out Dave Roberts on a curveball with two runners on base.
Soto was slowly lowering his arms, his fingers fluttering.
The film stays true to that spirit.
The humorous Emerald spot that ran last February, also by Goodby, Silverstein, contributed to a sales increase of "about 56 percent in the four weeks after the Super Bowl," Mr. Cannon said, compared with the previous month.
"An Olympic medal is always extraordinary in itself," he said through an interpreter.
is going to buy condoms from Korea,’ ” Mr. House recalled.
But the similarity is deceptive.
Analysts studied the emergence of new tanks and missiles, pieces of hardware that took years to develop.
That is, they tell wildly divergent individual sagas within a comforting set of narrative conventions.
Admission: $6 and $7; age 5 or younger, free.
Beyond the buyouts, analysts said, G.M.
So, for example, if the word "values" turns up in a political conversation, it will be understood without reflection to refer to a specific set of stances — pro-family, pro-American, pro-merit, pro-religion, anti-special-interests, anti-quotas, anti- abortion , anti-gay-marriage, anti-assisted-suicide.
But, he added, "I suppose all folk art comes from necessity of some sort."
A national tour of the show is still planned for the 2007-8 season.
Hunterdon, Mercer and Warren Counties are eligible for individual assistance and public assistance.
WHERE -- Seven Stars, Grace Bay Beach WHAT -- Two-bedroom condominium HOW MUCH -- $1.3 million This sixth-floor unit is part of a 22-acre beachfront resort that is expected to open at the end of 2007 with a restaurant, a pool and tennis courts.
Downstairs, the terrace has views of the river.
Telenovelas are melodramatic, episodic TV programs, broadcast in Spanish, with sex-drenched stories centered on impossible love affairs, implacable enemies and insoluble family problems.
Five other Brooklyn members of the Assembly are also sponsoring the legislation.
Mrs. Blumenthal was a central figure in the pioneer reform club, the Lexington Democratic Club, where she served as Executive Secretary and as a member of the Club's Executive Committee during both of Adlai Stevenson's presidential campaigns.
Rather than closing, the playground got new equipment.
A friend of mine, otherwise pleased by her under-cabinet halogens, says she practically dons surgical gloves before changing a bulb: a direct touch could make it explode.
LINDEN--Murray, pianist, music teacher, and champion of light opera.
One of the oldest streets in Hong Kong, Hollywood Road is famous for its antiques shops, art galleries and the boutique zones of Soho and Noho.
It moved to stylish offices in Pioneer Square in Seattle because many customers wanted to meet agents the old-fashioned way: in person.
The garments are sold in stores or through the company's catalog (1-800-882-7860).
"That's what coats are for."
To the Editor: Re "The Way Forward for Turkey" (editorial, Jan. 31): You are absolutely right in urging movement on the Cyprus issue.
Mr. McCain, who would have been the committee chairman had the Republicans maintained control of the Senate, arrived almost an hour late, heralded by the accelerated click of cameras.
Jones approved of Mr. Haynes for his self-possession, too.
Mr. Zenden said results of the Navy investigation would be turned over to Kevin J. O'Connor, the United States attorney for Connecticut, who would decide if further action is needed.
She started her recording career after winning a Tony Award for the title role of "Aida," yet only an occasional perfectly enunciated consonant separates her from other R&B singers.
Now, I live in the real world, ladies and gentlemen.
A phone call to a union representative was not returned yesterday evening.
Ms. Charas, a California transplant, said she was "pretty much shut down to the idea from the beginning," when her 14-year-old, straight-A daughter wanted to go to Octagon, an adult club in Hell's Kitchen that holds occasional alcohol-free teenage nights.
delivered a mere 5.03 million viewers, who watched Summer and Seth break up for the umpteenth time; the series's audience was the lowest it has ever had for an original episode among both total viewers and adults 18 to 49.
The man, whom police did not identify, had gone into a corner deli around 9 p.m. while his wife waited outside, said Gabriel Gomez, 16, who works at the store, Franklyn Deli and Grocery.
I couldn’t have cared less!
The firm is currently serving as investment banker to J.L.
He had the procedure in October.
"I take responsibility for everything that has not happened well," Mr. Card said.
“Sleeping With Bad Boys” is a memoir that tells the history of an illusion only half-relinquished.
"It doesn't do him any good if there is misconduct, sexual or otherwise, going on, so I pursue those things."
After winning Super Bowl XXXI as coach of the Green Bay Packers, Holmgren will have another chance at the league's ultimate prize.
Though Colombian food is not well known outside the community, Carlos Amezquita, the owner of Tierras Colombianas, said that almost every day a few non-Latinos wander in to eat.
The buzz only grew when officials with Shell, G.M.
If Iran is absent from the conference, India will be all but ubiquitous - or, as its own marketing slogan puts it, "India Everywhere."
“He had all this money in the bank, so there was all this pressure to hire people and get things done.
Caption information is provided below.
City lawyers said they had not seen the legal filings as of last night.
Using the lab themselves, media executives can assess how their ads or other content appear on devices like portable video game players or cellphones.
"I was just amazed how seriously she took the assignment," Ms. Graham said.
"For example, getting through the airport as fast as possible is a common need," he said.
Ms. Staunton's Mrs. Blatherwick is as spluttery and sentimental as Angela Baddeley's Mrs. Bridges from the television series "Upstairs, Downstairs."
EL DAR RESTAURANT AND CAFÉ -- The menu at this spot combines Mediterranean and North African dishes: 171 Avenue A (11th Street), (212) 353-5327.
He said houses sometimes stay on the market for four months or more as buyers hope that prices will come down and sellers dig in their heels.
The half-hour sitcom is about a 14-year-old girl (named Miley Stewart), regarded by many of her middle-school peers as an outcast geek, who has a secret identity by night as the pop sensation Hannah Montana.
To complete the picture you have to factor in F.D.R.
It's not easy being in the public eye -- or the private eye, for that matter.
That's not to deny or even diminish Arab pain.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
Liars' previous album, "They Were Wrong, So We Drowned," already echoed German bands like Einstürzende Neubauten, condensing songs down to drumbeats, textures and chants.
At the Radisson, Mrs. King, 59, sank into her bed, sighed in relief and called the close call another episode of a life lived in limbo.
Mr. Springsteen rasped as the band played "You Can Look (But You Better Not Touch)," with a zydeco rubboard ratcheting away.
If you’re in the mood for history, head to the Roman Baths (Abbey Church Yard; 44-1225-477785; www.romanbaths.co.uk ; entry fee, £11).
Pete concluded that Harry lost if he wanted to buy a painting; Vlaminck would be so pleased to have won a game that he would sell for a much lower price."
"We showed that the crime was in the making of the line -- in the drawing itself -- not only in the principle of building a settlement."
For one thing, no textiles have colors quite so sharp and complicated.
In fact, we don't yet know how to do much when it comes to dopamine and addiction.
Served as Second Lieutenant, US Army.
"You can't let go of the pain unless there is forgiveness -- not only of others, of self.
CESANA PARIOL, Italy, Feb. 14 - The sport of luge is regarded as one of the greatest thrill rides in the Winter Games, known for its high speeds and mentally demanding nature.
Juicy Burger and Ice Cream Joint, 80 Glen Cove Avenue, Glen Cove, N.Y.; (516) 676-5610.
A wonderful friend with a giving spirit, who always fought for the underdog.
I scooted up in bed and quickly bowed, brazenly risking eye contact.
What adds to the interest in the Rago sale are pieces by less famous names: the Frenchman Gabriel Argy-Rousseau (1885-1953); De Vez, a trademark used after World War I by Pantin, a French glassworks established in the 1850's; D'Argental, a name for the French art glass produced at the Saint Louis glassworks; Thomas Webb, an English glassmaker; and Karl Koepping, a Jugendstil glass artist from Germany.
The mountain upon which Sestriere sits, at 6,675 feet, was closed to traffic by snow on Saturday, as was the highway to Turin, which is an hour's drive away.
According to new charges unsealed yesterday, Mr. Park began working with an Iraqi-American businessman, Samir Vincent, as early as 1992 to represent the interests of Saddam Hussein's government in negotiations at the United Nations to set up the program.
CHELSEA GRILL 135 Eighth Avenue (16th Street); the theater district branch remains open.
Sales in September, the latest month available, were higher than they had been a year earlier.
Using previous years as a guide, those grants may be substantial.
At Mr. Squitieri's signal, about 30 of his men appeared, carrying bats, guns and other weapons, but the Albanians were ready.
Executives of Blackstone Group , Carlyle Group , Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Texas Pacific Group haven’t moved past the discussion stage, according to one unidentified source who spoke to The Financial Times.
One of them produced a television advertisement suggesting that the school system turned children into automatons.
The week the site's reviewers visited with their 13-year-old and twin 10-year-olds, the Junior program lacked a designated staff member.
Wi-Fly costs 100 Taiwan dollars a day.
The Nets went into halftime down by 57-44, and trailed by as many as 15 points in the third quarter.
She did not close the paper's foreign-language weeklies; that decision was made by the publisher.
Cortlandt's park was named for a middle school student killed in 1996 while inline skating on Strawberry Road.
Winning money for projects back home is the driving passion of many lawmakers and is considered a bipartisan necessity for re-election.
Silvio Berlusconi, the center-right prime minister who is battling to remain in office, immediately seized on the advisory, saying that the "security concerns" addressed in it were caused by demonstrators aligned with the center-left opposition.
THE LIEUTENANT OF INISHMORE A comedy about torture, terrorism and severed body parts can mean only one thing: Martin McDonagh is back.
The show is a superb collection of sketches and paintings by an Italian artist in 19th-century Paris who influenced the work of Toulouse-Lautrec.
Any camcorder must adjust its focus every time you change zoom, you record a target at a different distance, or something passes momentarily between you and your subject.
Officers who had been called to the scene found the child dead in his crib.
SEATTLE, Jan. 13 - Microsoft will stop developing a version of its Windows Media Player for Apple Computer's Macs and will instead offer free technology that lets people play Windows Media files using Apple's own software.
Though Louie passed away and the candy shop closed, he occasionally runs into Rosemary, Louie’s wife.
I'm thinking, of course, of the French Nobel laureate André Gide and his brilliant 1914 novel, "The Vatican Cellars," first published in English under the title "The Vatican Swindle."
Jose Soto of the Marines marched in his blue uniform.
The most disturbing -- and beautifully written -- scene in this novel is not the sit-in that Rob's friends stage, but the potent vision of white reprisal that follows Rob's innocent dream of rebellion as his southbound train approaches Washington.
In "Reciprocal Motion," also a premiere, Ms. Gentile was an affectingly listless loner who eventually was drawn into the hyperactive, acrobatic entanglements of Dan Mueller and Omni Kitts, coaxed along by Peter Jones's atmospheric score.
Correction An article last Sunday about plans by NewYork Presbyterian Hospital to build a residential tower on the Upper East Side contained outdated remarks by David G. Liston, the chairman of Community Board 8.
The vote was seen as a setback for the association, whose officially nominated candidates for seats on the Dartmouth board lost the last three elections to conservative and libertarian candidates critical of the administration, who got on the ballot by petition.
This is because editors encourage writers to frontload the merchandise, jamming all the good stuff into the early chapters, the only chapters that will ever get read.
A couple of miles northwest of town, near Boyes Hot Springs, a three-bedroom house at 18109 California Court with contemporary architecture and an in-ground pool and hot tub was listed for $725,000.
The pain was so intense that she underwent a spinal injection of steroids and ended up taking a collection of other drugs orally.
WITH: Marie-France Arcilla (Valerie and others), Dann Fink (Willie and others), Natalie Cortez (Mala and others), Nicole Lewis (Lead Mystic and others), Manu Narayan (Sidd), Arthur W. Marks (Buddha and others) and Gerry McIntyre (Father, Ferryman and others).
The first spurt of settlement began in the 1890's after railroad and streetcar track was laid through the region; it spiked again after 1945 as soldiers returned home.
Sutton's son, Sean, will continue to coach the Cowboys in the interim.
At the Los Angeles premiere, Clark Gable and Carole Lombard teared up along with the dwarfs while Snow White lay on her funeral bier.
Joannie Williamson, who worked in investor relations and as a secretary for Mr. Skilling and later for Mr. Lay, testified about a conversation she had with Mark E. Koenig, formerly Enron's head of investor relations.
Prospect Heights Town House $1,650,000 BROOKLYN: 327 Park Place (near Underhill Avenue) A completely updated three-story, one-family 1890's house with four bedrooms and two and a half baths.
I took pictures of it to the Farmers’ Museum in Cooperstown and they told me it was a German post-and-beam barn that had been built in the 1850s from a kit.
There were drones, backbeats, short cyclical figures, clouds of guitar distortion, all of it written into the music and elegantly claiming its place.
But all of this just makes the wilderness feel a bit more wild.
ITV, the British commercial broadcaster, said its chief executive, Charles Allen, left, would step down Oct. 1 after sharp declines in viewership and advertising sales at the company’s flagship channel, ITV1.
"The third and fourth nights are pretty much full on," Ms. Kravas noted dryly.
Sylva Senate and Greg Gourdet are chefs de cuisine at two of Mr. Vongerichten's places, Mercer Kitchen and 66, respectively.
Total cost: less than $1,000.
That mood seemed to prevail yesterday, as did a generally festive atmosphere on day that lacked January's normally bitter bite.
Some of the documents, also included in a new study by the United States military, already have caused a stir by suggesting that Russian officials passed American war plans to Mr. Hussein's government as the invasion began.
Recognized worldwide for his singular contributions to Holocaust remembrance and his lifelong devotion to survivors and their families, Ben Meed was involved with the Museum since its conception in 1980 and played a pivotal role in its creation.
While at Starrett he assumed responsibility for development and construction in the Boston area, and built a number of notable luxury market projects.
had instituted to speed up the game.
But there was also the water — undrinkable, the owner told her when she arrived at the house — as well as the occasional power outages and what the owner described as "kind of a mosquito problem."
The Pirates may not be perfect, but they have momentum and are growing more confident by the day.
Violence has been a big factor in the delays.
“I don’t like the guy — I simply don’t think he has measured up on running the war in Iraq,” Mr. Shays said.
"It's funny with a country like Cambodia, with the history of the Khmer Rouge, you just go, 'Boo!'
and compared its role to an op-ed page of a daily newspaper, with CNN representing the objective news pages.
It’s full worship,” the wife told me.
And at the end of the day, your relative goes home -- which, research shows over and over, is where most elders want to be.
At the same time, the prevalence of H.I.V., the virus that causes AIDS, among young people has declined in eight countries in Africa, showing that prevention efforts can work, United Nations officials said.
American officials have been trying to get South Korea to fully carry out United Nations sanctions imposed on North Korea after the North conducted a nuclear test in October.
He purchased With a City after a Dec. 29 allowance race at Calder and turned him over to the trainer Mike Maker.
Cathy Schulman mentioned “greed and ego” in her suit against Bob Yari, a fellow producer on “Crash.” Not all manners were thrown to the wind.
The fascination here is in the gentle compassion of Mr. Leigh, whose earlier plays, like "Abigail's Party" (now in an Off Broadway revival in New York), were harsh social anatomies.
A recent innovation in computing horsepower has been to harness two processors together, but Voodoo computers can use quad-core processors.
President Bush's former chief economist, N. Gregory Mankiw, has advanced it repeatedly.
andUniversity of Californiaat Los Angeles (tie) 10.
I have enough intelligence to realize that stuff like that is wrong, but it has nothing to do with me."
Initially, Mr. Rau found little support for his ambitious project to find zebras with brownish stripes and crossbreed them with zebras with very pale rumps, even though he had seen the former in herds in Namibia's Etosha Park, and the latter in eastern South Africa.
The Franklins are far from aging hippies living out an off-the-grid fantasy, though they share a decided love of the outdoors.
"Toyota is taking advantage of the currency effect," Kioyohide Nagata, senior fund manager at Invesco Asset Management Japan.
Besides, they don't let you into neurology anyway.
The program also included two very different electronic works.
Mr. Pitts was exploring his African ancestry based on results of a DNA test.
Since then, Mr. Hart said, it has required "a lot of renovation work."
Valentino, who received the Legion of Honor on Thursday, and celebrated with a black-tie dinner at his chateau, appealed to the client who has everything — well, maybe not a gorgeous chiffon dress clinging to one shoulder with tiny pearls rushing over the bodice.
They have clashed over Larry's outrage, and Arthur's lack of it, many times.
And, he added, that status has "much more influence on the acceptance of television shows, or radio shows, or iPod offerings or jeans or whatever the case may be."
The lead author of the study, Dr. John T. Chang of the School of Medicine at the University of California, Los Angeles, said the findings did not suggest ignoring the feelings of the patients.
It is a belief echoed by many.
The bride's father, a retired radiologist, was a professor of radiology at the University of Pittsburgh.
Mr. Kinch often serves an ingredient prepared two ways, a confit paired with the same thing made by a different cooking method, for example, like roasting or grilling.
Since 1994, Liberty has always been in the Top 5 of the National Debate Tournament rankings.
You'll walk through the Smokies' largest chunk of old-growth forest — cherry, hemlock and tulip trees — before arriving at the 90-foot falls and the cooling spray.
For, he declares, "no one deserves this / and all deserve this, almost / all.
The individuals asked not to be identified because the negotiations were confidential.
And while many selective colleges waive their subject test requirement for students who take the ACT instead of the SAT, not all do.
"It's not like the city is getting a pile of money from this, but it adds housing, which means more of our employees can live here, and that works out better for the community if your companies are tied to your community," Ms. Lehan said.
"This isn't the infield of the Kentucky Derby," he said.
It is on rail yards and other land in Prospect Heights and on a block in Park Slope; it is not in Downtown Brooklyn, although it is near that neighborhood.
So far, it's received surprisingly good buzz.
As for the Andersons, they are confident that material rewards are on the way for them.
His previous career high was 62 points, during a 112-90 victory over Dallas last month -- he sat out the fourth quarter because of the one-sided nature of the game.
The speeches are written, the headlines set.
Nowadays, dermatologists insist that it's easy to protect your skin without sacrificing the pleasures of the beach.
Ms. Scalera narrowed her choices to three.
Meir Dagan, the chief of Israel's espionage service, Mossad, recently testified before the Israeli Parliament's foreign affairs and defense committee in similar terms.
Tom Donahoe, the team president and general manager, was fired Wednesday after the Bills finished 5-11 this season and went 31-49 during his five-year tenure.
Fertility experts also cite work by Allen J. Wilcox of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences as evidence that when conception occurs at the later end of the woman's fertile period there may be an increased risk of embryonic loss.
SPITZER--Marjorie, of Delray Beach, Fl.
"We are seeing more and more of what we would call professional directors," Ms. Daum said.
That's still not as fast as a traditional DVD player, though.
"I wanted to take exactly the opposite approach."
She’s really frightened, because in the last few days there’ve been several new attempts to kidnap her.
MediaNews acquired them this year after the McClatchy Company bought Knight Ridder and sold 12 of the papers in the chain.
They did not criticize Mr. Palmer or Mr.
The entire iPaq line of H.P.
They have booked a church and reception hall for May 27.
This fantasy was aided by the poachers — the only other humans we saw in the Camargue — and their rifle shots.
Mr. Higgs helped care for Ms. Augustine’s previous husband, Charles Augustine, when Mr. Augustine was hospitalized after a stroke in 2003.
Caption information is provided below.
Some of them may get hurt.
Late last month, with the opening of that upstairs room, it more than doubled in size, to about 110 seats from about 50.
The event will determine whether the United States women's team will have one or two sleds in the Turin Olympics.
Mr. Stein apologized for having the wrong information.
You assemble a new life form to represent yourself using an almost comically intuitive tool.
Mr. Glisan, 40, has already served more than half of a five-year sentence for conspiring to falsify financial results and make Enron appear more successful than it actually was.
The Philharmonic string players, perhaps wary of the long day ahead, were less distinguished.
BEN KINGSLEY will turn up later in the season.
The move comes as Ford is bracing for a barrage of competition in the market for big pickup trucks.
Some immigration agents fear that the bed shortage will worsen in the spring and summer, when illegal immigrants' crossings typically increase.
Let's get to the nitty-gritty of the unresolved issues between whites and African-Americans.
Remember “The Whole Earth Catalogue”?
The New York strain led to 1.4 deaths per million vaccinations.
PLUNGE When this bar at the Gansevoort Hotel opened in 2004, it was all the rage, the mere idea of being 15 stories above the meatpacking district setting trendsetters' hearts aflutter.
The sincerity of Tymoshenko's conversion is widely accepted by Ukraine's public.
Toppings at Adrienne's are top quality, as they are at the original Nick's in Queens.
Mr. Hogan, 30, is an associate in charge of trading in the Latin American private-wealth-management division of Morgan Stanley, the New York investment bank.
And, of course, this is even truer for businesses, which are more sophisticated than individuals in their analyses of the effects of tax changes on the bottom line.
Dubliners are quick to chat about anything, but if you need a surefire conversation starter, try the cost of living.
In 2004, he took the rare step of publicly attacking the cardinal, accusing him of threatening him to keep him from fighting his suspension and of denying him full access to his disciplinary file.
Of course, as in any biography, the promise of secrets is bound to whet an appetite for scandalous revelations.
WHERE TO GO SEVERAL clubs around the country run barefoot hikes.
A girl named Diana, 8, whose teacher forbade her to give her last name to a stranger with a notebook, said she was sad not to see the torch.
Mermin also says that wage measures have had success in recent years, Albuquerque notwithstanding, not because Americans feel differently but because campaigners are getting smarter about stressing morals over economics.
7 column, “ The Hamas Dilemma “ Robert Konrath, Miami: This terrorist shelling of Israel from Gaza must stop.
To the rear of the long room is a tile-topped bar with eight stools; here there are a few tables for two and a shiny pressed-tin ceiling.
Member of The Country Club, Old Memorial, Misquamicut Club, the Links, Shelter Harbor, and the Delphic.
All this beauty makes it easy to understand why Mumble might want to tap his feet with joy.
"The day we scheduled our wedding was a raging snowstorm," he said.
Eisler presents Musset as both physically charming (“small and delicate, with wavy golden hair and cornflower-blue eyes”) and thoroughly debauched (“known to be addicted to Champagne, opium and whores”).
Guided tours Saturdays at noon ($5; students and 62+, $3).
often harbor an explosive rage.
Some people on Capitol Hill acknowledge that layoffs, which are to begin in a few days, seem strange, coming after Mr. Bush's proposal in his State of the Union address on Tuesday that the government spend 22 percent more on renewable energy.
Lemieux led the league in scoring six times and was the most valuable player three times.
(The "King Kong" version was released the same day as the film.)
Judge Marian R. Shelton, of New York City Family Court in the Bronx, officiated.
Because that's not what I saw in spring training last year.
Unfortunately, the job on offer is primarily one of political fealty, not policy making.
But now that more members routinely divulge pertinent medical information to trainers, the fitness industry has grown less tolerant of gossip of any kind.
As his snapshots of the ragged New Orleans street flashed by on the backdrop, he arranged himself behind a microphone as if to speak, then brought his hands slowly up in front of his chest, miming rising water.
“There’s a message from when you’re little: having big breasts and big hair is currency.” Lifetime is known for films that plumb the female experience, but there has never been one about an employee, said Meredith Wagner, the channel’s vice president for public affairs and corporate communications and Ms. Lucas’s boss.
For the first half of the book he bungles along, looking in all the wrong places.
If you're the coloratura soprano Sumi Jo, you rent Carnegie Hall and give your own party.
But the current players have shown they understand their responsibility to help return the program to prominence.
(The DVD will be released next year.)
More than ever, stars have become the touchstones of everyday life, which accounts for the media obsession with their marriages and families.
You can probably guess where this is going.
South Africa’s post-apartheid government, besieged with problems, largely ignored AIDS.
SIGHTSEEING: Stories, by Rattawut Lapcharoensap.
; May 19: Operation Smile, which provides surgery for children with facial deformities, held a gala that raised $2.2 million.
BABY BOY (2001) Monday at 7:30 p.m. on BET John Singleton wrote and directed this coming-of-age drama about Jody (Tyrese Gibson, left), an unemployed and immature but decent 20-year-old black man in South-Central Los Angeles.
As a result, six months after Hurricane Katrina, at least four of every five businesses in New Orleans are still shuttered, Mr. Hutchinson said.
Following his retirement in 2000, Homer enjoyed taking computer and audio classes at Foothill college.
What were Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling thinking?
The lopsided loss, especially against Japan, made it worse.
The price for a parking spot may run from $75,000 to $750,000.
He is now agreeing to a far less generous deal; he acknowledged yesterday that he had had to make additional concessions.
The investigation into the death of a 24-year-old graduate student who was murdered and dumped in Brooklyn widened yesterday as detectives searched for links to at least three unsolved rape and kidnapping cases in Queens and on Long Island, officials in both jurisdictions said.
Reception: March 4, 6:30 to 8:30 p.m.
In announcing the selection, Ms. Winfrey said the book "should be required reading for all humanity."
One official called the bombing "an event that brings us to the precipice -- you can see the chasm below that could mean a descent into civil war and everyone is taking a deep breath."
It helps that Mr. Walter had his own totally Hellerish experience, beginning five days after the attacks on the World Trade Center.
In both summer and winter outdoor concerts are held on the travertine courtyard, and it's all, amazingly, free.
(The name of the cafe refers to a fabled community of freed slaves, artists and immigrants called District Six that was designated whites-only in 1966 and effectively destroyed.)
Peterson became the Chiefs' president in December 1988, and the next year Edwards joined the team as part of the N.F.L.
But it added that deterrence was also important, and that in crimes that were difficult to detect, severe penalties could be needed to deter similar violations.
But it must be a government by and for Iraqis, not sects.
(His exact words were, "Dad, do we really have to visit that stupid telescope?")
It evaluated companies on their board oversight, management performance, public disclosure, greenhouse gas emissions, accounting and strategic planning.
It is not unusual, in such cases, for custody battles to ensue.
The soprano Dawn Upshaw portrays Margarita, singing the luxuriously lyrical and sometimes tormented vocal lines with beguiling beauty while inhabiting the character with an emotional vulnerability so real that during her moment of private agony you almost want to avert your eyes.
As in most sales professions, whether the product is diamond rings or crack cocaine, the people at the top of the pyramid make an awful lot more money than those down below.
It declined to review a notorious case testing President Bush's sweeping claim to have the power to seize American citizens on American soil and toss them into indefinite detention outside the normal legal process -- simply by declaring them to be "enemy combatants."
(A costume coordinator, Marianne Dominy, is listed in the program as well as a costume designer, Lesley Neilson-Bowman.)
Officials Seek Source of Lethal Heroin Mixture The police and health authorities are struggling to track down the source of powerful heroin that has killed at least 130 people in and around Chicago and Detroit and sent hundreds to hospitals in other cities.
At the show I saw, there wasn't a peep from the first conch call.
This was not your classic, swing-too-hard-peek-too-soon whiff, but rather a swing that went right under the ball, perching undisturbed, like an egg, in a little nestlike clump.
You can use the integrated Bluetooth communications both to send and receive photos, and it is very easy to connect to computers and printers.
Under the current agreement, clubs share 34 percent of their local revenue.
Other changes in Spain might also explain some of the slump, Mr. Raventós said.
His father, also retired, was the senior vice president for medical affairs at Northern Westchester Hospital Center in Mount Kisco, N.Y.
At 680 acres, it’s so small that no one will become lost but big enough for every level of skiing.
[signed] The common people This short comic poem called a senryou, parallel to a haiku, appeared at the bottom of a page in a Japanese newspaper in 2001.
Like previous novels in this eccentric series, WOLVES OF MEMORY (Norton, $23.95) is set in a London district where law and order are maintained through a pragmatic gentleman's agreement between cops and crooks.
This is a little bit on the order of: the house may have burned down, but at least the alarm worked.
Correction: Oct. 27, 2006 An article in Science Times on Oct. 17 about cases of puberty in very young children omitted the author’s affiliation.
A bed in a shared apartment can cost $400 a month in Westchester County.
Mr. Donovan suggested that, given Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg's recently expanded plan to build affordable housing in New York, he expects rents and housing prices may soon come down.
Why not beam the image live into classrooms, allowing students to view weather systems marching around the globe?
And President Bush felt the latter."
At the same time, the sales milestone that was passed Sunday was substantially revised downward recently from an original target of 830,000 tickets, because the Games' executive board had to approve a final, and realistic, budget.
The Hayats were United States citizens; Umer Hayat drove an ice cream truck in Lodi.
It is also home to the David Sarnoff Research Center and Merrill Lynch, where many residents work.
Verbal parries and thrusts follow.
Large firms became even larger; expanded their global reach and practice areas; focused more tightly on benchmarks such as "billable hours" to assess the performance of individual lawyers; and competed voraciously for coveted spots in news media reports that ranked them by financial yardsticks such as profit per partner.
Infection could do this, but the patient reported no symptoms other than those caused by the failing heart itself.
"It's absolutely required that the party talk about things in addition to the Abramoff scandal," said Martin Frost, former leader of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee.
In the news media and on myriad Web sites, high-fructose corn syrup has been labeled "the Devil's candy," a "sinister invention," "the crack of sweeteners" and "crud."
67 -- Allan Sheppard had 22 points and St. Francis of Brooklyn (5-10, 2-4 Northeast Conference) almost blew a 20-point lead to the visiting Blackbirds (4-10, 1-4).
ON a mild morning late last month, three masons from the PPL Construction Corporation were at work on the restoration of the old Nassau County Courthouse in Mineola.
But later, Miller told The Associated Press: "One of the good things about my career is I have such extensive knowledge, so I always go as hard as I can.
The passage had said Mr. Libby had been authorized to disclose to a reporter a "key judgment" from the 2002 National Intelligence Estimate that said Iraq was vigorously trying to obtain uranium.
PHILADELPHIA SOUL--Signed WR-LB Lamont Moore.
Second thoughts are often more interesting than first ones, and current opinions more interesting than historical ones — save perhaps to those readers interested in an author’s intellectual biography.
In today's history books, slavery has become the foundation for our understanding of the past, and almost all universities in the country offer some course on the subject.
On February 10, 2006 of Forest Hills, NY.
That income must be reported for tax purposes.
The move is the network's effort to arrest a three-year plunge in its ratings.
At the hearings, Judge Alito said he would keep an open mind about the weight of precedents in such cases, while confirming that his past writings represented his views at the time.
I won’t restate the entire case for single payer, I know you are one of the choir, but many people might be very interested in hearing the ancillary benefits of doing the right and moral thing- making certain every person in the US has access to the treatments they need.
Whatever his experience deficit at age 34, he can teethe on the Jets and grow up to better himself and his salary with another organization, whether pro or college.
So instead of leading a heart, which would have let declarer run eight tricks, she started with the spade eight, the high card denying an honor in the suit.
The new proposal backtracks from a plan by the S.E.C.
"And the games could bring 10,000 to 12,000 people besides the athletes to the county.
In desperation, Ahmad decides to write "the definitive poem, explaining everything, openly: a love letter."
Mayor Byron Brown said yesterday that the city was making progress recovering from the storm that dumped more than two feet of heavy, wet snow on the area Thursday night and Friday morning, leaving three people dead and nearly 400,000 homes and businesses without power.
Based on administration assumptions about future production and prices, that change could cost the government about $1.9 billion in lost royalties.
Tinderbox (189 Byres Road, 44-141-339-3108) offers Internet connection at £1 for 10 minutes, as well as the temptation of carrot and ginger cakes.
Justice Smith awarded bragging rights to Olswang -- led by Daniel Tench, the partner who was the first person to publicly point out the strange typographical anomalies in the judge's 71-page "Da Vinci Code" ruling -- because Olswang found not just the right answer, but a deliberate misspelling within it.
BRONXVILLE -- "Highlights and Shadows: An Exhibit of Digital Photographs," works by David Snyder.
Reposing at Martin A. Gleason Funeral Home, 149-20 Northern Blvd, Flushing.
As mentioned on Thursday, the Betty Kaplan Teams is an amusing event.
The economy, though, was in much poorer shape then, as the Island's aerospace industry was winding down.
Then a giant cake materialized, and Ms. Marquardt popped out and stripped down to a pair of glittering pink pasties and thong.
He has two kids and a citizen wife, he's a business owner, he's a taxpayer.
(Frenchie Davis, the singer kicked off of "Idol 2," had posed topless for a pornographic Web site because she needed money for college.)
It would seem the perfect time, then, for Susanne Antonetta, a poet with bipolar disorder, to publish her meditation on neurodiversity.
Perhaps it had something to do with her personality.
Stephen King has no end of bankable nightmares: the surreal, farrago kind, in which the cursor turns into your father, who is also Jack Kennedy, and he keeps slipping into the pool.
The Canon lens seemed to deduce what was needed without having two settings, although at very slow shutter speeds it did not always prevent blurring as consistently.
In some cases, the offers were withdrawn after questions were raised.
"Many observers see Museveni's efforts to amend the Constitution as a rerun of a common problem that afflicts many African leaders -- an unwillingness to follow Constitutional norms and give up power," Mr. Carson said.
On the cover of Vogue and in other publications, her blond bob gleamed like the golden helmet of a gin-alley goddess.
Caring brother of Lois and Barbara.
"Our main problem has been convincing Americans that things are safe post-tsunami."
Despite the turmoil, Dr. Petillo did find some supporters yesterday.
Needing a name on the spot, an actor called out, "It has to be 'Mama,' " she recalled.
And Mr. Clinton’s moves to assert his own relevancy after the so-called Republican Revolution arguably came at the expense of his party; Mr. Bush and his longtime top strategist, Karl Rove , have put the Republican Party’s future vitality at the heart of their hoped-for legacy.
Republicans, encouraged by their success mobilizing religion-minded voters in 2004, are stepping up their efforts to collect church directories around the country to help turn out voters for the midterm races.
Jasmin Vardimon's "Park" was looser, more fun, with a sexy mermaid statue coming to life in a nondescript urban park and seducing everyone in sight.
He was a young truck-stop prostitute who had escaped rural West Virginia for the dismal life of a homeless San Francisco drug addict.
Donald E. Smith Wayne, Pa., April 4, 2006
The Department of Community Affairs is currently developing the test and a course of instruction.
The trick, he shows, is in knowing the difference between dog psychology and human psychology.
"Like everyone else in litigation, they need to justify their request for information."
The Special Operations command reports to Mr. Rumsfeld, and falls outside the orbit controlled by John D. Negroponte, the newly established director of national intelligence, who oversees all the nation's intelligence agencies.
"I'm SNOOP DOGG's, P. DIDDY's and MIKE TYSON's spiritual adviser," the Bishop said.
Judge Dorsey agreed with prosecutors that Mr. Ellef was, indeed, the leader of the scheme.
For five years this was our life, the life we chose.
The new browser includes a search box in the upper-right corner that is typically set to send users to MSN and that feature, according to Google, could put Microsoft in a position to unfairly grab Web traffic and advertising dollars from its competitors.
Why did I get it right, when so few other commentators did?
Gina Barbe rode out the storm at her mother's house near Lake Pontchartrain, and says she has been crying almost every day since.
Our hearts ache for the Weiss and Oved families.
Her daughter needs more time than that to get to her locker, so Ms. Lampel strives to drop her off by 7:10 at the latest.
While many publishers have built some of the most popular news Web sites, the ad rates they can charge for their online publications do not come close to matching the ones they receive for their print products.
Mr. Bloomberg said he had talked with top city officials and other clerics and had read the lecture.
We hope that the Homeland Security Department sticks to this principle when it makes its final grant decisions under the Urban Area Security Initiative later this year.
Liberty is not the kind of school where the star coach is bigger than the university's chancellor.
It was a beautiful, unfettered collection from a designer who has worked through the tricky transition of starting his own label after being cast out of the house of Emanuel Ungaro in 2004, a period characterized by work that was overly reverential to Mr. Ungaro.
The deal, reached Wednesday, is part of a settlement with the American Civil Liberties Union, whose Massachusetts branch sued the Department of Health and Human Services last year, saying the Silver Ring Thing was overtly evangelical Christian and therefore not eligible for financial assistance.
Residents receive priority and pay $3,000 for full golf privileges; nonresidents pay $6,150.
The reductions will cost about $14.6 million after taxes, or 4 cents a share, in the fourth quarter, the company said.
Some hope Vivitrol will sidestep a huge challenge facing those seeking pharmacological solutions for addiction: unless they're getting high from it, most addicts aren't model medicine takers.
Maurice Clarett, who three years ago this week led Ohio State's football team to the national title, was sought yesterday by the police in Columbus, Ohio, as a suspect in an armed robbery.
agent, Bayard Fox, working out of a chicken coop.
"I do believe a federal marriage amendment will be the answer.
Mr. Gergiev said he had opted not to present the symphonies in chronological order, because the programs would have been too unbalanced, given the varying lengths.
We had planned to take our four bags (total weight about 265 pounds) with us to Italy, but we understand that we may face charges for excess weight or number of bags.
Arvid, amid his struggles, reads and rereads the works of favorite writers and poets.
More than $1.2 million Park Slope $1.795 million 105 Sterling Place, Brooklyn Number of bedrooms: 6 Number of full bathrooms: 3 Number of half bathrooms: 0 Weeks on market: 2 weeks 2-family brownstone; primary unit: 5 bedrooms, 2 baths, fireplace with marble mantel; other unit: 1 bedroom, 1 bath; 17-by-100-ft. lot; taxes $2,436; listed at $1.795 million.
The nonbinding resolution, formulated by the Sutherland Institute, a conservative advocacy group in Salt Lake City, said that the marriage of a "woman to a man and a man to woman," was "ordained of God," and that protection of that natural family was the "first responsibility," of local government.
The fire tore through a duplex apartment, trapping the victims -- Ricardo Clark Jr., 16; and his nieces Jahyiria Sheffer, 9, and Jahnae O'Pharrow, 3 -- in bedrooms on the lower floor, which does not have a door to the building's corridor, the Fire Department said.
Proud grandfather to Alex and David.
She noted that the F.D.A.’s guidelines for safe farming practices were voluntary and that the number of inspectors had been pared by budget cuts.
But perspectives, your very take on life, can change in an instant -- in the exhilaration of triumph, in the depths of a loss, or in the aftermath of a call that turns your life upside down.
Don't believe that business that the gardening guru Jerry Baker says about mixing urine and beer and spraying the tonic on your lawn as a fertilizer.
The ethics codes of the American Bar Association and the New York State Bar Association frown on the practice, but Professor Simon said the codes are violated only if a quid pro quo was intended, and that is very difficult to prove.
And the more those boundaries are crossed on commercial television, the more viewers crave black-and-white accountability from public stations.
One task was to help lower the deficit in the balance of payments by programs like one controlling private dollar investments abroad.
If you have a Gmail account from Google, you can download your messages to Outlook Express free by clicking the Settings link when you are logged into your Gmail account.
The entire village board has agreed to change the law.
Five of the men indicted Tuesday were charged with carrying out or conspiring to carry out the attacks, done with 10 strategically placed bombs that exploded on four commuter trains, killing 191 people and wounding about 1,800.
They enumerate the selective destruction of keepsakes once treasured by people who are no longer alive.
Tough and reliable, the Land Cruiser -- FJ was shorthand for its engine and platform combination -- gained a cult following.
Then word of mouth took hold.
He ran four television ads against Mrs. Clinton before the primary, although he has not had money to buy air time since.
"I'd have run a hundred miles if anybody said they wanted to do a sculpture of me," he said, adding, of actors: "We're awfully self-aware.
The plan gives working-class, African-American neighborhoods just four months to demonstrate their "viability" through resettlement activity.
We extend our sympathy to her son, Peter, who continues the commitment of significant voluntary leadership at CHSLI provided by his late father, Leslie, and to the entire Quick family.
But fear not, all ye who dread tales of miserable childhoods bravely endured.
The partnerships also transformed Mr. Kopper from a by-the-books child of the New York suburbs with an expertise in accounting into a high-stepping Texas deal maker with a hankering for fast cars and big houses.
Marinated in egg cream and garnished with lox and onions, “Checking Out” is more sitcom-ready Jewish than a weekend in the Catskills circa 1950.
"The poorer you are, the less democratic you are," he said.
Ending the litigation, however, has hardly ended the debate.
Taking On the Weather The residents of a town are infuriated that winter is so unrelentingly bleak, blustery and cold.
She said she would support Silvercup West, "as long as it would mean jobs for the community."
This didn't worry Daniela; she wanted her child to have a father, even a partial one.
Why, then, do they discourse in BabelFish?
Military dogs were brought to Iraq in fall 2003 on the recommendation of General Miller, who said they could help maintain order.
They also face rapidly growing competition in the Chinese market from purely local companies like Geely, Chery and Lifan.
Debra LaChance (212) 941-2643, and Erin Boisson Aries (212) 941-2568; the Corcoran Group; www.corcoran.com TAXES: $18,222 a year PROS: This five-story town house, built in the mid-1800's and restored in 1991, has five marble fireplaces and a 50-foot living room.
At Wesleyan and Connecticut College, about half of each year's class, or about 250 students per school, travels overseas for study.
In Norwalk, Mr. Kraus still has his sign, boasting of the teardown development that never was.
The avant-garde space houses large-scale rotating exhibits of experimental painting, photography, video and multimedia works that push envelopes and boundaries.
Victoria is a classy, pill-popping, botox-enamored taskmaster who spends a lot of time away at spas and self-improvement retreats.
Mercury’s current chief, Anthony Zingale, took over in November.
"Those are Rhett, of course," said Ms. Arden, smiling knowingly.
(I know, I never wanted to hear it again either, but trust me, you haven’t really experienced the song until you’ve heard it performed by leeches.)
The promise of mutually assured destruction was its own kind of collective suicide pact, albeit one supposed to scare both sides out of pushing the button.
Whether jumping wide intervals or narrow ones, played in unison or harmonized, there wasn't much juice in any individual moment of these endless lines (and, consequently, very little open space in the music).
But these days, what choice did I have?
But the hall, filled with elected officials, community leaders and labor officials, was notably silent when the mayor approached the uncomfortable subject of benefit plans for the municipal unions, though he did so in relatively bland terms.
Mr. Hammond decided to become part of the solution.
Not only was Crookes convinced by Home, he was enchanted by Florence Cook, a strikingly pretty girl in her early 20’s who liked to conduct her seances in tight black dresses.
The results are mixed, and the digital nature of the printing doesn't suit everyone.
At the airport, five Panamanian customs inspectors surrounded her, suspecting the package was a bomb.
There are designer restaurants where exposed ducts overhead and local art on the walls are prevalent, as if mandated by the lease.
But the two sides are dug in, and there are fears of a protracted strike.
Alexandra W. B. Malick, the wife of the filmmaker Terrence Malick who is better known as Ecky, enlisted supporters like Sean Penn, the actor, Max Palevsky, a billionaire philanthropist, and -- when nothing else seemed to work -- appealed to one of her neighbors in Austin, Tex.
Memorial to be held at 12 noon on Sunday, March 26, at Frank Campbell funeral home, 81 St & Madison.
“You can grow up in Manhattan and not be well acquainted with other boroughs, so they are foreign to you.” He ended up as one of three roommates in an old factory building at 151 Kent Avenue in Williamsburg, paying $1,150, which was more than he wished to spend.
But Israel has an enormous interest in testing Hamas's ability to evolve.
Invite students to write letters to the editor of your school newspaper expressing their perspectives.
Mrs. Van Amburg, 27, is a producer of television commercials in New York for Ogilvy & Mather, the advertising agency.
Obviously, I'm going to want to come to Indianapolis to win the Brickyard back to back.
“Guilty as hell,” he told Justice Richard C. Kloch of State Supreme Court when asked.
Those people are alredy paying higher interest rates.
Still, in his tone and his easy-to-follow soloing style, he suggested Lester Young more than anyone.
Because death often occurs outside of bankers' hours, the house doctor — an intern or resident — is frequently placed in charge of the great and awful moment.
SIMON--Bernard (Buzzy); left us on December 15th, 2006 at the age of 96.
“Compared to other high-tech regions, our average house prices are very reasonable.
Last night at the scene, a woman who said she saw the attackers drove off in a silver sedan with New Jersey plates after putting their weapons in the trunk.
"One man often parodied the bombast of television journalists," Mr. Haouzi said.
And that means schools.” By any health measure, today’s children are in crisis.
He had pitched in the majors before.
Despite its stylized, complex rhythms, the heart of any flamenco performance is spontaneous, with the dancer and guitarist signaling for shifts in speed or song.
Mr. Evans of Leland's auction house says a Paramount executive once offered him a blank statuette, claiming it was Leo McCarey's best-director Oscar for "Going My Way."
One was the decision in 1980 to start paying retiree health benefits without setting aside enough money to cover the cost.
But the claim was (as James Frey said to Oprah Winfrey) "essentially true."
In New York City, a family of four isn't living well unless it spends $483,775.
The average malpractice payment by the city last year was $445,000.
Meanwhile corners of the field generally ignored in discussions of classical music's mortality — most notably, early music and new music — are true growth industries.
Nonguests can stop in any day for breakfast, lunch or dinner.
But Ms. Ibarra, now 35, has moved far beyond that.
Of course, I was in love, for 20 minutes.
The notion that classical Islamic law calls for the execution of apostates is widely known but often ignored in predominantly Muslim countries.
Fire trucks arrived late, and did not start putting out flames in the gym until most of its roof had collapsed, pinning injured hostages beneath burning plastic and wood.
Mr. Shapiro and other analysts said the trend in retail sales assured a strong showing for the economy in the first quarter of 2006.
A strikingly lighted canopy of 2,000 cow bones hangs above 600,000 glittering pennies; the two are connected by a slender column of communion wafers.
This “city upon a hill” business, maybe it’s time to give it a rest.
The size of the pension payments available to those seeking waivers could not be immediately determined.
Dear Phyllis you have left a large void in my life.
Armed with his scissors and a grammar school education, he came through Ellis Island on Feb. 18, 1930; joined New York's hairdressers union; and set up a shop for three years on Amsterdam and 67th Street.
BIGELOW--Alden G., 88, Professor Emeritus Virginia Commonwealth University, died peacefully at his home, Little Mountains Farm, in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Tuesday December 12th, 2006.
Situated in the Watch Hill National Register Historic District, an exclusive enclave of shingle-style homes, the Ocean House recalled Watch Hill's illustrious past as a summer resort for the well-to-do, a quiet community where houses were passed down from generation to generation and outsiders with new money were few and far between.
I will start by asking my friends at the Ridgewood Soccer Association to stop the snacks.
And finally, the grip is tapered, to cater to the two-hand backhands that I (along with most women) hit.
"Ownership of portable music players is generally highest among those from age 15 to their mid-40's," said Ted Schadler, an industry analyst at Forrester Research in Cambridge, Mass.
One is reading, another sleeping, while a white boy tickles the face of a black man reclining in a mound of hay.
10 P.M. (Fox Movie Channel) ALL THAT JAZZ -- (1979).
When he opened the doors this month, there was an immediate stampede.
And that makes the tone of Wednesday's episode all the more noticeable.
In 1997, Syratech Corporation completed a transaction with the Thomas H. Lee Company in which Mr. Florence remained as Chairman of the Board until October 2003.
Signs in the store suggest that a "closeout" is an exciting thing to have access to.
It will contribute immeasurably to the many students, residents and faculty that we train and the patients we can serve through his support.
Their still lifes are purposefully naïve, featuring odd juxtapositions of mundane objects like a house brick tied with a satin ribbon, or a sausage covered in sequins; in a series called “Corrected Masterpieces,” the pair have updated various famous paintings, including Thomas Gainsborough’s “Mr.
The last time Mr. Jack saw Ms. Moore, on a visit to the old neighborhood, he said, she was lying on a basement floor, stripped to her underwear and chained by the neck and arms.
He is stocky, ethnic and intense, while she looks like a classic blue-eyed blue blood -- albeit with an anxious side that earns the audience's sympathies.
No modern politician could give this speech, Klein concludes, and the consultants are to blame.
Meanwhile, Scandinavian chick lit seems marked by a certain existential angst.
Then there was the matter of this one streetlight next to the driving school that would disconcertingly go black a few times a day.
Specifically, he said he was woefully naïve when he had been first asked to describe the difference between being a university president and being a cabinet officer.
Over the years, she has helped organize food and toy drives for charitable organizations in Boston, Dress for Success programs that provide women with professional attire for job interviews, and seminars on financial matters.
Does that look like progress?
They are buying back an apartment they sold 13 years ago?
They're usually unrehearsed, for better or worse.
Massive Attack stayed in the shadows for most of its hypnotic performance at Roseland on Wednesday, the second show of a three-night run.
"I think everybody was conscious of him being here yesterday," Francis said.
He literally shook those newspapers in my face shortly before the end of our conversation, which somehow shifted to Hurricane Katrina, President Bush and … well, it wasn’t pretty.
The day after a 75-foot-high retaining wall gave way in Washington Heights last May, burying a stretch of Riverside Drive in untold tons of debris, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg and other city officials stood before the rubble to announce plans for a swift cleanup.
His “Portrait of Mao” (2006) series involves no layering or time compression, but consists of a sequence of still shots.
It runs on four AAA batteries.
There are lots of closets, including a dressing area outside the bedroom.
In lieu of flowers, please make donations to the New York Presbyterian Hospital, 525 East 68 St, NYC 10021.
Sink into one of the black microsuede sectional sofas and sip a Chaitini (Bacardi, green chai tea and Godiva white chocolate liqueur, $9) while you consider the pros and cons of progress in the Butte.
"It's a lot for them to swallow in a short period of time," said Christopher C. King, an analyst at Stifel, Nicolaus & Company.
And many residents in the valley below the plant cannot envision it as anything other than wasteful excess.
I could not help connecting the flightless bird to the child who sits so still on the couch.
PAGE D3 Early Concern on Port Deal Coast Guard intelligence officials in December raised the possibility of significant security risks associated with the management of some American ports by a Dubai company.
By doing nothing, we are letting their needs determine the price and their treasuries reap all the profits.
("It's always the stupidest stuff that inspires you," Jonathan Kimmel explained.)
Also survived by several nieces and nephews.
"Overwarning, just like underwarning, can similarly have a negative effect on patient safety and public health," the preamble states.
The jumble of past and present suits a songwriter who (collaborating with his wife, Kathleen Brennan) has long abducted vintage Americana — blues, ballads, rockabilly, hymns, saloon songs, Tin Pan Alley — and dragged it into sonic dark alleys of his own.
In "Perspective," a reporter writes an article about a train wreck, and Mr. Tucker singles out the clichés for scrutiny: "unprecedented, shocking, blazing,/ devastated, and that old standby: stunned."
She graduated from California State University, Los Angeles, and also received a master's degree in nutritional science there.
The company also stages productions in a 140-seat theater on the first floor, where "The God Committee," a new drama about organ donation, by Mark St. Germain of Pound Ridge, played until recently.
Their sharp, often neon colors -- one per word -- recall Andy Warhol's Marilyn prints, Frank Stella's Protractor paintings and Bruce Nauman's neon pieces.
Second, they exact psychic revenge on their bosses by reducing them to infantile dependence.
Despite the dollar difference, Emily wondered aloud where Mr. Damon's loyalty was, and simply could not understand why he would want to leave her Red Sox.
The dancers perform behind projections, also created by Mr. Pendleton, that flow by on a front scrim, ranging from his signature sunflowers and clouds, ice floes and outright abstractions to ghostly, vaulting architecture.
On a late winter afternoon the living room is overwhelmed by light that can be described only as blinding.
Without a slick style to teach, Bowa works with infielders' strengths.
Since 1970, when Dr. Dement founded his clinic, the nation's first, sleep has spawned university departments, associations, journals, conventions, academies and foundations like the National Sleep Foundation, which declared last week National Sleep Awareness week, ending today with daylight saving time, when we lose an hour of sleep by the clock whether we normally snooze with the gods or not.
So “Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles” now becomes the story of Takata’s quest to locate this munchkin, gain his trust and reconcile him to his father.
Until recently, Mary lived on Hamilton Walk in Bay Ridge, thanks to the care of her compassionate aides: Alice, Mary Ellen, Winnie, Helena and Gerry.
Therefore, the way to live righteously is to enact one's vignette with as much energy as possible, and oppose, as fiercely as possible, those who would undercut the proper enactment of the sacred vignettes.
But as Eric Asimov wrote in The New York Times, the place had a "lifespan of a piece of ripe fruit."
INTERNATIONAL A3-11 Chaos in Darfur Spreads, Violence Spills Into Chad The widespread chaos in Darfur, the war-ravaged region in Sudan where more than 200,000 civilians have been killed, has spread across the border into Chad, deepening one of the world's worst refugee crises.
COMPARABLES A Cool Mountain Refuge, High Above Simmering Palm Springs Information on properties was supplied by the listing companies.
She has been searching for her brother since he was taken by Syrian security agents in 1992.
said it expected to have the accounting issue resolved by the time it filed its quarterly filing in early May.
Milli Home, a New York-based manufacturer of textile products, has a new line of pillows designed by Alpha Workshops, a nonprofit organization that trains and employs decorative artists with H.I.V.
Beyond it, filling his view, rose a cliff that was marked indelibly and incredibly with a horizontal tidemark of large and oddly shaped apertures, caves, perhaps, carved by water or winds.
The next year, he was promoted to a position as head of community banking and the company asked him to relocate to Chicago.
"We cannot allow these dangerous offenders to blend back into society simply because 10 years" have passed.
Mr. Diomande, who used the hides to make traditional African drums, collapsed on Feb. 16 after performing in Mansfield, Pa. Mr. Diomande's apartment in Manhattan and his studio at a warehouse in Brooklyn where he worked with the skins tested positive for anthrax on Friday.
The pet insurance is really human emotion insurance.
His rags-to-riches story was beginning to unfold.
"We haven't actually sat down yet and decided how we're going to go about it," Ms. Stroup said.
“I can’t even think about owning a home.” The census data crystallized what many here like Ms. Palmero already knew: the housing burden is not carried uniformly, and it is particularly daunting for those with low or stagnant wages who have had to deal with the reality of escalating real estate costs.
The criminal investigation in Manhattan adds to Deutsche Bank's legal problems.
But in the early 1970's he remembered something unusual he saw in his youth.
“There are three things developers care about,” says Peter Moore, Microsoft’s corporate vice president of interactive entertainment business and an industry veteran.
Meanwhile, Royal Caribbean has raised the competitive bar on the new 4,370-passenger Freedom of the Seas with everything from onboard surfing to what is billed as the largest rock-climbing wall at sea.
Of all the differences between now and 1994, perhaps most notable is that 12 years ago, 69 seats held by Democrats were up for grabs at this stage of the election cycle, compared with 21 Republican seats today.
Originally, the Saints were expected to take Leinart, but now that they have Brees, many draft analysts think the Saints will select Mario Williams, a 6-foot-7-inch defensive end from Oklahoma.
But Lindsay’s parents splurged on a shovel-and-pail set filled with chips for her.
He looks awful," she said.
They wanted to start a family, and it's a quieter neighborhood."
As anyone familiar with New Jersey politics knows, the 52-year-old Mr. Menendez is an aggressive politician who climbed to the pinnacle of power within the fiercely competitive world of Hudson County Democratic politics.
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans yesterday: ADKINS, Dustin M., 22, Specialist, Army; Finger, Tenn.; Fifth Special Forces Group.
Ms. Kemble is also the most visible of a new wave of interior designers, all 30-something women with pedigrees, a talent for clothes and parties, and lists of glittering clients who are just as young and well-heeled as they are.
McDermott's salary will increase to more than $350,000 a year by the 2008-9 season.
In 1997, the Commission on Immigration Reform also found that there was no consistency in administering or scoring the tests; often delivered orally in regional offices, they were sometimes informally scaled by the examiners.
At MTV, reality has always been a moving target.
The minute they sense that's what's happening, you will see the bottom fall out of U.S. public support for this war.
VINCENT J. KAMINSKI -- As managing director of research, Mr. Kaminski oversaw many of Enron's risk-management functions.
Her mother is the coordinator of lead paint abatement at Action Inc., a social services agency in Gloucester, Mass.
Opened last year, the futuristic Copenhagen Opera House, on the island of Holmen (45-3369-6969; www.operahus.dk), has become one of the most talked-about new cultural venues in Europe.
Along the shore, where the black Mediterranean lapped the Libyan sand, whispering figures crept beside the water's edge.
"The hostess asked if she would like a seat but she refused, explaining that she was meeting someone at the door."
But repeated attempts to enact such strictures in the United States have failed for three decades, and at a meeting last July in Washington, the Federal Trade Commission told food and advertising executives that it favored letting the industry police itself.
Throughout, Mr. Welser-Möst provided a compelling shape to this episodic work.
The complaint, filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court on Thursday, contends that Focus Features, Del Mar Productions and the producers David Linde and James Schamus falsely said the project was a low-budget film and thus persuaded Mr. Quaid, right, to work for far less than he normally would.
Nanotechnology refers to a rapidly expanding range of devices and industrial processes that manipulate atoms and small clusters of molecules — materials measuring from 1 to 100 nanometers, or billionths of a meter.
Civil libertarians lamented that the draft lacked clear provisions for breaking this monopoly and ending commerce and transportation restrictions on the Sabbath.
West Virginia (17-5, 8-1 Big East) shot miserably -- 34 percent over all and 22 percent (6 of 27) from 3-point range -- in losing its first conference game, yet still was within 3 points in the final minute.
Widespread malnutrition and hardships, on the other hand, usually have the opposite effect.
Coach Tony Dungy, top, was back with the Colts as they closed the regular season with a victory over the Cardinals.
Time behind bars has enhanced the reputation of many a union leader, from Eugene V. Debs in the 1890's to Albert Shanker in the 1960's.
He expressed little interest in discussing the possibility of an encore performance from Ms. Sander, but had only praise for Mr. Simons.
Thus, most treatment is simply triage, doctors coping with the poisonous complications of patients who return again and again.
Many veteran chamber groups either slide into an easy perfection of finely honed surfaces and comfortable familiarity, losing their sense of excitement, or begin to phone in their performances, preserving the veneer, if they’re lucky, long after the spirit has evaporated.
"I do very well with my Swedish pieces," he said.
But today the makers of Entropia Universe, a popular online science-fiction game, plan to introduce a real-world A.T.M.
For homework, based on their research, students should write a historical-fiction journal entry from the perspective of a person living through the “scare” or epidemic that they researched.
Or do they just seem smaller once you graduate from fan to chaperone?
THE Lord's Prayer written on a grain of rice is not better than the Lord's Prayer written on a piece of paper, but it is a lot more impressive.
Even before the war, Mr. Rumsfeld saw the deployment of United States forces more in terms of what was needed to win the war than to secure the peace.
"), to Itzkoff's shame at reading Walter M. Miller Jr. on the subway, to his disdain for current science fiction ("If you were to immerse yourself in most of the sci-fi being published these days, you would probably enjoy it as much as one enjoys reading a biology textbook or a stereo manual"), the column was disappointing.Itzkoff seems mortified and even disgusted to be reading the books on his beat -- an attitude I find strangely old-fashioned, considering that we live in the age of the fanboy (Peter Jackson, Bryan Singer and Kevin Smith immediately come to mind as fans who have risen to power in the film industry).
Which means that Bo Burlingham -- and everyone else at Inc. -- will finally be practicing what they've been preaching all these years.
“La Gioconda” appeared in 1876, and the Met’s production insists on learning nothing — except about better stage machinery — from those intervening 130 years.
On May 17 in Seville, travelers can enjoy a show and lecture about flamenco singing.
“You can tell by the red stuff on top, the reddish glow,” she said.
Given this, and the fact that the concerts are not supposed to focus on organ alone (there is a separate lunchtime series of free organ recitals), the potpourri of the programs is practically unavoidable.
Connecticut has too much talent to force so few turnovers.
On two occasions in the last month, Ms. Tudor reminded all insurers of their "obligation to resolve complaints" from their members.
Dr. Topol is scheduled to become a professor of genetics at the Case school of medicine, which is affiliated with the Cleveland Clinic.
The best joke and story teller.
WITH: Stephanie Nyombayire, Nate Wright and Andrew Karlsruher.
But these humane efforts were dashed by the battlefield necessities of World War I.
The $21,000 Kia Sportage, which used to be a quasi-agricultural implement, received a Cinderella makeover.
But the public is really not faced with a Hobson's choice.
In a periodic report to the Security Council, Mr. Annan said that Israel saw the incursions as a “necessary security measure.” He said the United Nations continued to receive reports of illegal arms smuggling across the Syrian border but had been unable to verify them.
Search engine marketing’s share of that market, however, remains constant.
"We're going to try to use this model elsewhere in the city."
Friends said Mr. King had been Mr. Nathan’s roommate at the Walnut Hill School in Natick, Mass.
Revenue for the full year increased 5.2 percent, to 46.7 billion euros, a record that the company said it expected to break in 2006.
"Tiger kidnapping requires a detailed knowledge of staff -- their journeys, their responsibilities and their families -- which often comes with the help of a current or former employee."
When Amanda asks Elyot what his new wife is like, he answers, "Young."
"You need to get some exercise," I say.
To the Editor: Re “Democracy’s Long Haul’’ (column, July 13): The model for democratic reform that David Brooks discusses can also be applied to what has happened domestically in the United States over the past half-century.
The one issue not adequately addressed was health care cost.
But Lanpher is best as a chronicler of intangible things, fleeting moments and thoughts that are penetratingly familiar.
Might he even promise Mangini that he will take over the team when the 53-year-old Belichick departs?
Kristina Tsipouras went to the registrar's office as soon as she heard that just 6 of her 30 credits from Johnson & Wales University in Rhode Island had transferred to Stetson University in Florida.
After finishing high school in 1999, Mr. Marcell joined his mother in DeKalb County, where she had prospered as a medical billing specialist and married a sheriff's deputy.
Taking advantage of the booming market for luxury watches, timepiece maker Tourneau , which also sells such luxury brands as Cartier and Patek Philippe, has put itself up for sale, The New York Post reported.
Diabetes researchers have long known that the Type 1 form of the disease is caused when the immune system attacks insulin-secreting beta cells that reside in islets, round balls of cells, in the pancreas.
"Dances by Very Young Choreographers," tonight at 7:30 and tomorrow at 2 and 7:30 p.m. at Dance Theater Workshop, 219 West 19th Street, Chelsea, (212) 924-0077.
It also senses room light and brightens or dims the display as needed.
The History The medieval-looking St. Ignatius Retreat House, an 87-room Elizabethan mansion on 33 acres of rolling lawn and gardens along Searingtown Road, is one of the last vestiges of North Hills as it looked when, in 1929, it incorporated as a village with a minimum of two-acre zoning.
"Compare the families, find the best ones, and that's kind of the never-ending story."
Henry T. Greely Marcus W. Feldman Mary-Claire King Stanford, Calif., Dec. 20, 2006 The writers helped organize the Human Genome Diversity Project.
In addition, Mr. St. Clair said, he lowers the volume of the music around 11:30 every night and is painstakingly attentive to noise he inflicts upon his neighbors.
Representative Steve King, an Iowa Republican from another district, said his office had been flooded with angry calls about the recent marches.
She pointed out repeatedly that the bulk of her life had been spent in other countries.
The memo — which declared that the center of the electorate had collapsed, that true swing voters made up a mere 6 percent of the electorate — destroyed, in Mr. Edsall’s words, “the rationale for Bush to govern as ‘a uniter, not a divider,’ ” as he had promised.
A6 Chad Rebellion a Family Affair President Idriss Déby of Chad, who beat back a rebel assault on the country's capital last week, accuses Sudan of trying to drive him from power.
You will be missed by the Kolmes family.
'Windswept: The Story of Wind and Weather,' by Marq de Villiers Elizabeth Royte, whose most recent book is "Garbage Land: On the Secret Trail of Trash," is a frequent contributor to the Book Review.
Rather than funding the programs that have the best track record, Mr. Suozzi has chosen the ones that cover the widest spectrum.
The officers, Board of Directors, and staff of UJA-Federation of New York mourn the passing of Maurice Gruber, beloved uncle of James and Emily Levin and Gene Heller, esteemed friends of the New York Jewish community whose dedication and support enrich millions of lives.
“My mother gave this to me before my son was born.” Solly lifted her dripping face.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 12 - President Bush made his first trip here in three months on Thursday and declared that New Orleans was "a heck of a place to bring your family" and that it had "some of the greatest food in the world and some wonderful fun."
In those elections, the party of the president has suffered major losses,” even if, as with F.D.R.
“They are really one thing.” A good example is Hewlett-Packard’s data centers.
The new stories tie into a series called "Infinite Crisis" that involves nearly every DC character, from Aquaman to Wonder Woman.
(Cotter) NEUE GALERIE: 'KLEE AND AMERICA,' through May 22.
As a Boys' Club of New York Alumnus, former Executive Staff member and current Honorary Trustee, Tony's tireless work and dedication to our mission will serve as a permanent legacy for all of us.
Writing workshop: $20 (or $35 for two people).
He turns again to duck for his richest pasta dish, an absolute knockout.
The company said its plan would include 2.1 million homes.
XING (646) 289-3010; 785 Ninth Avenue (52nd Street); $$; Diner's Journal: 3/18/05, Article: 1/25/06.
He said immigrants had earned 200 awards or medals in Afghanistan and Iraq.
"The arbitrator concluded that none of the officers were transferred or reassigned based solely on their lack of summons activity," he said.
The cases described in the report did not include that of Webster M. Smith, a senior who was charged last fall with six violations of the Uniform Code of Military Justice.
Josh has social aspirations, but Parker is too hopeless a case to care, an attitude — or lack of one — that often works better for him than Josh’s wannabe stance.
(No word on the eyebrows.)
9 P.M. (11) REBA -- James Denton (right), who plays Mike the sensitive plumber on "Desperate Housewives," moves up the professional ladder tonight.
STONY BROOK -- Les Ballets Trockadero de Monte Carlo, comic ballet.
Colin Meloy paused in front of the diorama of a pair of spiral-horned giant elands, the largest of the antelopes, and chuckled a little.
Brand Name Lenovo, the Chinese computer maker that bought I.B.M.
Jeff Bowen and Hunter Bell Playwrights It was the kind of pinch-me moment that raises a welt.
The battle among candidates for city office has begun, but running alongside it is a fight over the election itself.
He retired again in 1996 as a French teacher at Staples High School in Westport, Conn., where the bride's mother teaches biology.
The filmed "Rent" seems a safer show than Mr. Larson may have intended.
Indeed, while many couples view serial renovations as a way to become closer, said Mimi Maddock McMakin, the owner of Kemble Interiors in Palm Beach and Manhattan, others can wind up in therapy.
The cost of second-level negotiation pales in comparison to the cost of another strike.
But less influence, in this place, is disastrous.
In addition to the stunning décor, rooms offer free high-speed Internet access.
"It's about sex and violence done really, really well.
's 69-year history, teams were seeded 1 through 10 in four regions.
In the first, the legendary martial artist Huo Yuanjia (Mr. Li) aspires to be the champion of Tianjin street fighting.
“If you look on our street, there are pink adobe, orange adobe, yellow adobe,” Ms. Reid said.
Morgan Stanley said it calculated 31 percent of the votes were withheld.
NAOMI WATTS can work a slip like nobody's business, a gift she flaunts in the Peter Jackson remake of "King Kong."
While radio companies are pinning their hopes on HD Radio, it is still at least three years from becoming a big enough business to have an impact on industry revenues.
Miller has won more races, but Rahlves is the sentimental favorite of many on the staff of the United States Ski Team.
He could probably go over a 7-footer.
But if he turned 65 in 2003, his 401(k) savings would only buy an annuity rich enough to replace 57 percent of his pre-retirement income.
Here Lord Foster's approach to history is frank and direct.
1977 recipient of Best Dressed Man Award of Fashion Foundation Business Division.
Coach embossed "C" beach volleyball, $198.
Building a reserve large enough to replace Saudi production would prove outrageously expensive.
Trachtenberg said that he planned to forward the article to the vice president, the admissions office and the athletic director.
There was a belief that that principle would be applied across the board, both to Congressional districts and to legislative districts, and that would have wiped out the plan that had been adopted.
The model I tested, with the same extended-cab body style but loaded to the roof with options, totaled $42,765, a premium of $14,570 over the F-150 STX.
Uncomplicated, with a light acidity, the Mulderbosch is a little bolder than the grenache-based ros?of southern France.
Once shad season is over, this dish can be prepared with mackerel, sablefish or halibut.
Bernard Gassaway Jamaica, Queens, April 19, 2006 The writer is the former senior superintendent of alternative schools and programs for New York City.
Great questions – as any seasoned political reporter, therapist or government interrogator will tell you – are vital tools for unlocking the full, behind-the-scenes personality of a public figure.
Mr. Yushchenko's deal with Mr. Putin to end the crisis -- with a complicated pricing system and a murky trading company -- proved equally unpopular, however.
In one photograph Flavio lies in bed, looking close to death.
Charming and comforting though they might be, some precinct houses have simply reached the end of their lives.
"I become a different person when I'm on the mound," Sanchez said.
After a couple of false starts, it works like a charm.
DECADE OF NIGHTMARES The End of the Sixties and the Making of Eighties America.
Darwin’s upbringing among the squires acquainted him with fancy duck and dog breeding.
What it would say, she joked, "is hell, no."
But no one foresaw back in November that the case of the driver, Salim Ahmed Hamdan, to be argued on Tuesday, would present the Supreme Court with an additional and perhaps even greater challenge.
Templo Mayor Museum (Seminario 8, 52-55-5542-4943, www.conaculta.gob.mx/templomayor) is open Tuesday to Sunday, 9 to 5, admission 45 pesos, free for children under 13 and free for everyone on Sundays.
"Ten million trees later, we have what we have now."
As it turns out, the question of a doorman's dispensability was officially answered by the government six decades ago.
Starting at age 8, he took second place three years in a row at the Cultural Heritage Competitions, a metropolitan-area piano competition at Queens College.
Bearing a high school diploma earned with a proficiency test, his 10-year-old PSAT scores (standardized test scores not required) and an impressive business profile that included a foray into venture capitalism, Mr. Cockrell was summoned cross-country to an interview for the University of Pennsylvania's College of General Studies.
Mr. Milani said that news reports from Iran suggested that its government had used the last few years to sign up oil deals with various countries to gain their political support, dispersed its nuclear activities to some 300 sites around the country and stockpiled food, medicine and other materials to survive any sanctions.
She is also entered in Wednesday's slalom and Friday's giant slalom.
In the end, she bought back 165 works, while the Netherlands sold off 65 more and incorporated the rest into its own collections.
Among other things, an apple's specific chemistry dictates the optimal concentration of NatureSeal, the blend of vitamin C and calcium that finally made the nonbrowning apple slice a practicable proposition.
"The red signifies sacrificial blood," Ms. Smith explained in a near-whisper.
God would have the same skill sets as an advanced extraterrestrial intelligence capable of genetic engineering and other feats.
Its owner is Andre Heimann, a Hungarian immigrant whose mother worked for the now extinct Mrs. Herbst's, a Hungarian bakery on Third Avenue whose flaky strudel filled with apple, cherry or even cabbage was legendary.
In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to the American Diabetes Association.
Lobster boats motor into the dock with their catches.
(Con Ed declined to comment on the litigation.)
Hotels were few and expensive.
"Everyone was stunned; it was a coup d'état," said the politician, a senior member of the main Shiite political coalition, the United Iraqi Alliance.
After the stone is cast on the ice, which is textured, two players preceed it and sweep the ice in front of it to control the angle at which its path bends, or curls, hence the name.
But it was unclear last night, the executives said, whether Mr. Falco, 52, would hold the title of president or chief executive at AOL, and what position Jonathan F. Miller, AOL’s chairman and chief executive, would maintain after the move.
INSTRUCTION The Ernie Blake Ski School (505-776-2291, ext.
“There was a lot more attention outside than inside.” Instead, Barr’s attention lately has been focused on a $2.3 billion takeover bid it has made for Pliva, a Croatian drug maker that sells low-cost generic medicine across Europe.
president in 2001 and reviewed possible changes in the world TV operation, Gilady heard Dick Ebersol, the chairman of NBC Universal Sports and Olympics, tell Rogge, "Manolo forever!"
That said, "Made in America" is not chest-thumping jingoism.
Gabriel Gutierrez and Bert Gurin also impress in much smaller roles.
His teammates have not spoken with him since.
She is a Buffalo resident and the former United States attorney for the Western District of New York.
Payne led me down to the far end of his studio, where a steel crow the size of a Piper Cub was balanced on a perch made of flagpole-gauge brass tubing.
"I'm not aware of any facts which would justify Dennis Wasser being charged, and I don't believe he's done anything wrong, or done anything to justify his being charged," Mr. Bird said.
Woo Jong-Sik is president of the Korea Game Development and Promotion Institute.
But many insurers still do not reimburse for the test.
They're free, open to the public and so expansive that it's nearly impossible to feel crowded.
Other towns passed ordinances governing sidewalks, street widths, the shape of lots, septic lines and so on -- all with the result, in Glaeser's analysis, of curtailing the supply of housing.
This proposal deserves serious consideration as a viable option to put the genie of Iran’s nuclear crisis back in the bottle.
Investigators were trying to determine why Mr. Adams was speeding.
Sales decreased 1 percent, to $1.16 billion, from $1.17 billion, largely as a result of sales in the year-earlier period of the best seller “Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.” Results beat Wall Street’s expectations for a profit of 23 cents, though sales were shy of the $1.19 billion consensus estimate, according to a survey by Thomson Financial.
With Rashid there was this breadth of dialogue I hadn't experienced before.
In another case, the Hallé Orchestra of Manchester, England, canceled a two-concert United States tour partly because of the cost of having to take all 100 players and staff members to the United States Embassy in London for personal interviews, said Sandra L. Gibson, the president and chief executive of the Association of Performing Arts Presenters.
That day I showed her the Pantheon, the Fountain of the Four Rivers, Palazzo Chigi and Villa Borghese.
Five janitors have been on a hunger strike for more than two weeks and five students for more than a week to pressure the Unicco Service Company, the university's cleaning contractor, to agree to a streamlined process, known as card check, to enable the university's 425 janitors to unionize.
Not everyone seems pleased with the tournament's new procedures.
Or maybe it was more deliberate: a touch of hope to move his readers beyond fear.
Comedy in the Muslim world (Arab or otherwise) can indeed be hard to find.
Mr. Spooner did say that his father called him up earlier to talk about the protest concert.
Height, the researchers found, is also affected.
Amtrak will be a superior rail system when the federal government, which collects most of our taxes, subsidizes it in a serious way.
Memorial service Saturday, March 18, 2006 at noon at the Society for Ethical Culture, 2 West 64 Street.
By Reuters Cigna, the health insurer, reported a quarterly profit well above Wall Street estimates yesterday and raised its full-year forecast, sending shares 10 percent higher.
Because of the budget shortfall, state health officials, doctors and AIDS workers have begun preparing what they said was the first organized campaign to push AIDS financing onto the legislative agenda.
And thus he is hardly alarmed to see his brand being mentioned in mainstream glossy fashion magazines.
Back then, she said, "no one knew what a clothing swap was."
Mr. York's comments to a group of analysts here were the first public remarks about G.M.
His body was found in plastic bags, one on the A train line near the Nostrand Avenue station containing legs and an arm, and two more bags holding parts of his lower torso at a recycling plant in Greenpoint that processed waste from the subway line.
I'm on a massively different trajectory from the rest of my family.
While annual meetings, and proxy voting, go smoothly in most buildings most of the time, there are times when an issue is so controversial that every vote is critical.
But the blow to Korea's scientific reputation abroad may be cushioned by the fact that other Korean institutions, notably the television program "PD Notebook" and a group of skeptical young Korean scientists, took the lead in discovering the problems with Dr. Hwang's work and in eventually forcing today's investigation by the university.
But if you’re trying to sell a house in today’s market, and it has something buyers will see as a challenge or a defect, you may be stuck with a house that won’t move.
The reason Juniata decided to grant merit aid, despite its high cost, was simple.
His father owns Ackerman Management, a real estate investment company in Saddle River, and is on the board of the Manhattan School of Music.
One novelist to recognize baseball's fundamental unreality — and to my mind the only one to mount a serious challenge to Lardner in creating a vivid and unique baseball-playing literary character while hurdling the philosophical tripwire — is Robert Coover in his 1968 novel, "Universal Baseball Association, Inc., J. Henry Waugh, Prop."
“It was a phenomenal experience, and one I’m trying to replicate with my own son.” He and his wife, Wendy, also have a 6-year-old daughter, Charlotte.
One of them, Joan Wile, testified yesterday that her group had even had a demonstration permit, although she had not noticed, until Mr. McConnell pointed it out, that the permit was for Duffy Square, two blocks north.
Japan suspended imports of United States long-grain rice after the positive test.
"The more practice they get, the better prepared they are."
To which Roy Peter Clark, a senior scholar and professor at the Poynter Institute, a journalism program in St. Petersburg, Fla., replied, "The fact that you would not publish it as a novel is influencing writers everywhere: How can I make a million dollars?"
Mr. Kennedy said a filibuster might help focus attention on the nomination and give its opponents a last chance to sway the public and the Senate.
“It’s a real challenge to stay in touch with the science when you’re in charge of such a very large organization,” said Dr. Nancy J. Hutson, who was director of Pfizer’s 6,000-scientist lab complex in Groton and New London, Conn., until she retired March 1.
The property is 0.42 acres, with 113 feet of waterfront, and is adjacent to 45 acres of conservation land.
What do you give a friend on its 200th birthday?
Feel free to tag along while Hannah figures out what those steps are.
They swore it offered superb battle training.
Some officers who have worked closely with Mr. Rumsfeld reject the idea that he is primarily to blame for the inability of American forces to defeat the insurgency in Iraq.
Even with a 9 percent operating margin, the paper may be valuable to some potential bidders.
Her current exhibition, the overstocked debut of Nate Lowman, demonstrates the way all galleries fluctuate between subversion and business as usual, if only to survive.
Because much of the information about specific transactions is kept secret, it remains unclear to what extent, if at all, the weakness in royalty payments stems from deliberate cheating or from issues with the rules themselves.
As the two South Korean border guards become increasingly comfortable slipping across the cease-fire line to visit their North Korean counterparts, they drink and sing, exchange presents and horse around like little kids.
A "notes" section shows if that restaurant has called in to say that it is out of a particular item.
Other defense lawyers argued that their clients fed and sheltered the immigrants and that higher-ups were to blame for sending the truck farther than it was supposed to go.
No, not one sponsor, neither Smucker's nor Campbell's, has threatened to can the United States Figure Skating Association if Kwan isn't included.
Mr. Motassadeq's lawyer, Udo Jacobs, said he had not expected the court to hand down a decision releasing him on Tuesday.
-- Robert Munoz, Seattle Your flight was covered by the new European Union rules for consumer compensation, under which you could have chosen to volunteer your seat in return for cash negotiated with the airline; in that case, you should also be offered a refund or another flight, meals, refreshments and overnight accommodation if necessary.
With that mission in mind, he founded the Grady McWhiney Research Foundation, located in Abilene, Texas.
They are often too big to get down with any pleasure.
Single golds were more profuse.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
His painting might be considered a form of Socialist Realism, minus ideological hard-sell or an agony-or-ecstasy tone.
His mother hanged herself 11 years later.
A former player for the Houston Rockets is becoming as celebrated in the city’s real estate circles as he was on the basketball court.
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans yesterday: PRIEST, Tina M., 20, Pfc., Army; Austin, Tex.
Treats in the Blossoms The annual cherry blossom festival at the Brooklyn Botanic Gardens will be held on Saturday and Sunday from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
"It's my impression that frankly there are no new ideas on Iraq," Mr. Gates said, pointing out that there are multiple other government reviews under way.
2006 OLYMPIC WINTER GAMES -- SPEEDSKATING: MEN'S 1,000 METERS Correction: February 27, 2006, Monday A sports article in some copies on Feb. 19 about the speed skater Shani Davis, who won the 1,000-meter race to become the first black athlete to win an individual Olympic gold medal in the Winter Games, misstated the total of African-American winter medalists.
Analysts in a Thomson Financial survey had expected $1.12.
The manual, often called the D.S.M., does not speculate about internal thoughts or unconscious assumptions, which researchers say are all but impossible to scientifically standardize.
WALLACE--Marilyn S. Author, teacher and mentor, loving wife, adoring mother and true friend, Marilyn slipped away painlessly Saturday morning, July 29th, after battling cancer with her typical grace and strength.
The suit does not accuse the nursing homes of wrongdoing, but it draws a disturbing picture of life there for the patients, arguing that the homes are simply not equipped to handle them.
If Shahar was flaunting anything, it was her belief in her own equality: her belief that she, and not the state, should determine what personal bonds are worthy of celebration.
I was particularly struck by your recent column, in which you pointed out that even within college grads, the income inequality has grown tremendously.
If you're looking for an ethereal complement to your evening cabernet, and still get wistful over Roger Dean's album covers for Yes, the P.O.
Coffee, to aid the long drive home, was excellent.
Contained in that small package are all the elements needed for a fierce blaze: carbon, oxygen and a flammable fluid.
"At the right time the right distributor will show up, and the right writer of the liner notes will show up," he said.
The players are no longer physically blindfolded, as in the old days, but make their moves on blank electronic boards; they are visible for just a short time for player and opponent before they disappear.
First Mr. Dorfman said no — after all, he had lived in those very cabins when he was a camper.
The British, my mother's people, conquered Asante at the turn of the 20th century; now, at the turn of the 21st, the palace feels as it must have felt in the 19th century: a center of power.
The pens are stocked at a low density, and enormous silvery salmon surface to feed on hormone-free pellets, then sink into water as clear as glass.
A new influx of brownstoners turned up in the 50's, and the Cobble Hill Historic District was established in 1969.
Nor will they benefit personally from the tie-up with the Australian bank Macquarie in their joint bid through the private equity firm EQT for the airport and railway food concessions of Select Service Partner being sold by Compass .
But in the past, such maneuvers have been treated by the White House as emergencies; this one seems to regard them as nothing unusual.
She was until this month a law clerk for Judge Judith W. Rogers of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
So, weary travelers, worry about bad hotels.
He and his wife pulled off the vinyl siding, threw away the plastic shutters and stripped layers of paint off the interior Douglas fir woodwork.
The cooler fall and winter months make for a more pleasant trip, with plenty of trails and majestic desert scenery.
He completed his studies with an MBA from Columbia University's Business School in 1964.
They also labored mightily to preserve maneuvering room, warning that decisions would be heavily influenced by coming economic data.
At one point in the tape, a printed imperative flashes across the screen.
That make me want to howl at the moon and kiss my girlfriend repeatedly.” Vintage wines; vintage McInerney.
Congratulations to the mayor for not endorsing a short-term, sham solution.
Virtually unlimited cellphone use in the air will turn a swamp into Armageddon.
Asked to listen to some recordings and talk about them, he came up with a fantastically judicious list.
Two weeks after it increased its 2005 loss by $2 billion, G.M.
“In the old days, i.e., two months ago, it was about signing up those clients and immediately figuring out how to flip them into traditional media,” Mr. Weinstein said.
One participant says earnestly: "When they asked me to do it, I didn't hesitate.
The truth is that sports clothes tend to look the way maternity clothes did a decade ago, like default wear, designed by committee and without consulting anyone who gave thought to the distinct and even performance-boosting potential of body pride.
"He spit the bit," Steinbrenner barked, using horse racing language.
At some point, we need to rebuild our parks and restart recreation programs as children and families start coming back."
“Schrödinger’s Ball” extends it, impudently enough, to our own postmodern uncertainties.
Into the Future of Music If the term "hyperinstruments" sounds a little, well -- hyper -- the opposite is intended.
A new Web site, developed by AQKA in San Francisco, is already online.
Who's got the most at the end of the day at Bighorn or the Reserve or whatever golf course I choose to retire at?
Worried that she would choke, "my son was so afraid at night, he'd come sit by the bed and watch me," said the woman, Brenda Pobre, 54.
The company had third-quarter net income of $677 million, or 30 cents a share, up 11.7 percent from the $606 million, or 25 cents a share, a year ago, which included options expenses and a one-time charge of $442 million.
TRENTON - A SERIES of nonbinding recommendations from a panel.
The methods are taking different paths.
We extend our deepest sympathies to the entire family.
Place foil packages on baking sheet and place in oven for 10 minutes.
In a twist of black-magic realism, it transpires that this hatred manifests itself as a kind of pathological transference.
Mr. Corzine has acknowledged that the added red ink will pay for his ambitious property tax relief plan.
The Web site for the project, shiftingbaselines.org , features short films, a blog, links to news articles and studies.
"The building was literally coming apart," she said.
As one former classmate, a Red Guard who beat and tortured supposed “class enemies” during the Cultural Revolution, candidly asks Pomfret: “How do you think a society where that type of behavior was condoned, no, not condoned, mandated, can heal itself?
Five Missouri Valley teams are in the top 33 of the R.P.I.
The agency was an offspring of the Johnson administration's antipoverty program under the aegis of the Office of Economic Opportunity.
Did West start with three low hearts or four to the jack?
Correction Appended Scattered gasoline shortages and higher pump prices could make it a difficult week for East Coast drivers.
Alternatively, if you simply can’t book the flight to Hawaii or Europe in the summer, do what Mr. Jarrell did for a recent vacation to Latin America.
Gabe enters enemy territory, seeking documents, rescuing hostages and fighting off wave after wave of heavily armed terrorists.
A Revisionist History” in Health Affairs, vol.
From Spot-on.Com: Yes, yes, the judges have ordered a new trial.
Why Doctors So Often Get It Wrong 4.
He was actually a friend and former prep school pupil of T. S. Eliot, but he turned his back on Eliot’s revolution and clung instead to the model of the Victorian poets who had shaped him in his youth.
And, of course, ABC was first among 18-to-49-year-olds for the night, delivering a demographic rating that also equaled more than the sum of every other network's ratings for that age group.
“I have to keep working in order to cover the property taxes,” he said.
But I have no difficulty remembering the Concerned Alumni of Princeton, which he joined.
International officials tend to greet official public health reports from China skeptically, in part because it concealed the outbreak of the SARS virus there for months.
With my face as his canvas, he turned me into a cop, an astronaut, an Army Ranger, an F.B.I.
So what is the economic model going forward?
Meanwhile, unidentified forces are campaigning to thwart Freud’s progress in America, on the grounds that he’s “a sex-crazed degenerate.” A case could be made.
AMENITIES A beach club, a swimming pool and restaurants, among others.
Her schemes worked, and Lawrence arrived in 1922.
The current generation uses the powerful Opteron chip from Advanced Micro Devices, which uses less power than the Intel chips Google had used.
Francis Fukuyama, a onetime neo­con­ser­vat­ive famous for his 1989 essay “The End of History?” (later expanded into a 1992 book ), pronounces the end of neoconservatism in an essay in Sunday’s New York Times Magazine.
Its oldest surviving manuscript fragments date only to the second or third century B.C., but the “Iliad” came into being much earlier, in the eighth century B.C., and came to be attributed about a century later to a poet named Homer.
Absent emotionally compelling performances -- Mr. Kazee is similarly an able actor not ideally cast -- Mr. Gilroy's writing probably seems plainer and thinner than it should.
At one point, Mr. Wahid asked about the advice and guidance Mr. Eldawoody provided with regard to whether it was appropriate, as a Muslim, to kill American soldiers, if they were killing Muslims.
A half-scale replica of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, it moves to Dublin, Va., after closing ceremonies today at 1 p.m. (Photo by Thomas McDonald for The New York Times)
I was effectively out of money with 18 hours and three of my accustomed meals to go.
The north end of this vast park is near Mount Morris, N.Y., only 10 minutes from Route 20A (585-493-3600; nysparks.state.ny.us/parks/info.asp?parkID=12).
A long shot to win the starting job, Boone said he would play only second base and would not consider being a backup.
With “In the Wake,” skillfully translated by Anne Born, Mr. Petterson is finally introduced to readers this side of the Atlantic.
Beloved husband of Jane and father of Arthur and William.
But its true main course is the view of Lower Manhattan from the dining room.
But she is concerned about too easy access to that money in the shape of a credit card "that looks just like every other credit card."
Correction: April 26, 2006, Wednesday An article on Friday about the failure of European Union investigators to confirm the existence of secret C.I.A.
Some of the greatest effect from the tariff-free, quota-free deal approved in Hong Kong could come in Laos, which is now negotiating its entry into the W.T.O.
Rabbi Eliot Strom officiated at the Tribeca Rooftop, an event space in New York.
He said "90 percent" of the other guards who worked the Bagram isolation cells on the night shift also used knee strikes, including some who struck Dilawar because they were amused to hear him cry out, "Allah!"
It won him the prize for best documentary at the Sundance Film Festival last January -- just as the documentary branch announced another set of rule changes.
Since then, problems with the drug have continued to mount.
Players got bigger and bigger in the mid-90's, and owners and officials and general managers did not want to know.
In "Isabel's Bed," her protagonist ghostwrites a memoir for a floozy while screwing up the courage to write about her own mother and father.
At the time, she hadn’t figured out how to price them, and ended up charging him the minimum balance due, which happened to be $140.
It has pictures of the RainSky M shower head by Sieger Design for Dornbracht, which sells for $9,200.
(AP) OWENS IN DENVER -- Receiver Terrell Owens, who has received permission to seek a trade from the Philadephia Eagles, visited Denver yesterday with his agent, Drew Rosenhaus.
But peace has prevailed in Northern Ireland since 1994, and even at the beginning of the marching season, when I happened to be there last summer, there were fewer reported incidents of jeering and name-calling than you'd hear on American talk radio.
But tuna sashimi beneath puréed taro (yamakake) suffered from a lack of flavor, and the taro exhibited an unpleasantly gluey consistency.
Then again, Mr. Harrison's frothy concoction seems a meticulously researched piece of cultural history next to Mr. Coble's preposterous "Natural Selection," directed by the Actors Theater of Louisville's artistic director, Marc Masterson.
Now Playmobil is drawing on its resilience to weather another, potentially more lasting, crisis: Germans are not spending money on toys, let alone more expensive items like cars, refrigerators, or television sets.
But the Transportation Security Administration has not yet specified what benefits, other than a special lane, Registered Travelers will get for their annual fees, which are currently $79.95 in Orlando.
"They say we only build McMansions," Mr. Wieboldt said.
By outsourcing water problems to corporations, public officials often hope to cut government spending while distancing themselves from conflicts among constituents about who should get how much water.
WADDLES -- You said you wrote the song you played in assembly.
"New Yorkers know that they would be fined if they left large household items -- such as sofas -- on their sidewalks for extended periods of time," the report said.
-- an old United Farm Workers rallying cry -- and signs announcing "We didn't cross the border, the border crossed us," the demonstrators are likely to turn off more Americans than they win over.
Cafe pastas and entrees, $15 to $26; dining room prix fixe and tasting menus, $85 to $145.
Fauchon maintains that Mr. Macklowe is trying to drive Fauchon out, in part by disrupting its business.
Wadler was not optimistic about Catlin's chances.
At one point, Justice Jaynee LaVecchia asked David S. Buckel, a lawyer for the Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund, whether changing the rules on marriage would establish precedent for people who support polygamy.
It seemed like the role of a lifetime.
"The Iranians have behaved so remarkably badly, it's hard to believe that the international community will do anything other than put them in front of the ultimate court of international public opinion," a European diplomat said, referring to the Security Council.
The recipes here for meatballs, subs and beans use quick and practical substitutions, like Muir Glen canned roasted tomatoes, feta cheese for queso fresco and bacon for chicharrones, to excellent effect.
"Enough is enough," Dr. Siris said.
"Absolutely not," he said, with a kind of smile.
Teams visiting Fayetteville, Ark., in the 1990's knew they needed extra rest before playing the Razorbacks.
Mr. Cruickshank said the giveaways stemmed from mistakes in awarding "royalty relief" on oil and gas leases in 1998 and 1999.
Election officials said that Mr. Hall held a 4,300-vote lead after they completed a survey of voting machines.
), and the two separate elevator banks — one leading to the 208 rentals and one to the 200 condos.
The report found that more than one-quarter of the scientists who were awarded patents said they had started their own business -- "an astonishingly high rate of entrepreneurship," the authors said.
Service Wednesday, 1:30 p.m. at "The Riverside", 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
The scene springs straight from the imagination of David Hare, the British playwright whose "Stuff Happens," a two-and-a-half hour drama about the march to war in Iraq, began previews last week at the Public Theater in New York.
He invokes the most disturbing aspects of the 60's — to the point at which even the Manson murders have repercussions in Yorkshire — to sustain the book's ominous mood.
One senses that, like Dave Donaldson, the bereaved grandfather of "Digging to America," Tyler has begun to shift her focus as she wrestles with the question of how an individual moves forward.
The concert opened with a lively rendition of the overture to Mozart's "Così Fan Tutte," followed by his magisterial Piano Concerto No.
"It's hard for people to look at it in depth and understand that they're not likely to be a victim if they get along with their family members and neighbors and don't live a high-risk lifestyle," said Darrel Stephens, the police chief in Charlotte.
Unicco said it was satisfied that the process was fair.
WHERE -- Dahlonega, Ga. WHAT -- 3-bedroom house HOW MUCH -- $995,000 Trout season begins on March 25 throughout Georgia.
's existing business, thus allowing C. V. Starr to use Berkshire to write new, direct insurance or reinsurance.
An HBO spokesman has said the company stands by the work.
According to Jones, that is not all bad.
In a team tournament you have four players.
He arrives at 8:30 at the bureau during the week.
When these girls hear protesters say, 'You're killing your baby,' they say, 'You're not thinking about me, it's just the baby.'
When the Arab League’s secretary general, Amr Moussa, called for “a Middle East free of nuclear weapons” this past May, it wasn’t Israel that prompted his remarks.
•The initiative will not affect each magazine’s advertising rate base, so the additional subscribers will be a bonus to advertisers paying for space in the print versions.
A bouncer opened fire Tuesday night at a Chelsea nightclub, killing one and injuring three, the police and witnesses said.
He demonstrates how it was unfamous men and women who fueled the revolutions in Eastern Europe and the Soviet republics -- for instance, those Hungarians of 1989 who "declared their barbed wire obsolete" and defied the Kremlin to stop them.
“I’ve always thought that was the most important thing anyone could know about me.” Gordon goes on to describe her inconsolable grief for her adored and adoring father and the shocks she later received on discovering that this devout, scholarly Catholic had been born Jewish, had converted and had subsequently become both a ferocious anti-Semite and a writer of pornography.
"It's in your blood," Mr. Dallas said.
There were no weepy goodbyes or sentimental parting words Sunday morning among him and his teammates.
The Children’s Theatre Company 2400 Third Avenue South; (612)874-0400; www.childrenstheatre.org .
“I want to connect with the object in some way.” It was at Tesoro that Ms. Riceberg developed her current business, Tweak, as clients asked her to arrange the new things they’d bought from her.
But the image of Abu Ghraib remained, a specter that wouldn't be put to rest.
The landscape is crowded with political leaders who talk of morality, and who wear their Christian values on their sleeves.
Passed away peacefully at home on May 4, 2006.
Last summer, blood work from a routine cholesterol test led to a diagnosis of prostate cancer.
It has, therefore, been always my object to avoid writing on religion, & I have confined myself to science."
BASF also extended its $4.9 billion hostile offer for Engelhard, giving investors until April 14 to consider the cash bid.
The last package Ms. Thompkins sent to him was returned a few weeks later.
He winds up simply eviscerating it.
Six small bike sculptures are parked on the mantel, a three-foot-high wrought-iron tricycle sits at the fireplace and paintings of chubby women atop skinny bikes sweep down the staircase.
In "The Moon and the Son," animated versions of the artist and his father, voiced by John Turturro and Eli Wallach, discuss their troubled relationship.
In the dusty village of Playa, where we camped the second night, we passed the Salkantay Disco Bar, a dark and empty cinder-block cube.
After college, Mr. Bennett toured with Peter Cook, Dudley Moore and Jonathan Miller in the 1960's in "Beyond the Fringe," which helped usher in a new era of pointed, political satire in British comedy.
Children born in America are automatically granted citizenship, and some critics accuse the mothers of exploiting that guarantee.
To the Editor: Bob Herbert's column should raise the alert level of every single American.
The meetings occurred a day after he was quoted as saying that he would not cooperate with the United Nations investigation of the assassination of Rafik Hariri, the former Lebanese prime minister.
On Friday a report on personal consumption, excluding food and energy, showed an annual increase of 2.1 percent in April.
Nine suspects arrested around Paris last year, who officials said were plotting attacks in France, are also believed to be members of that group.
"If they started accusing each other of being perverts then the whole house of cards would fall down."
TESSLER--Neil, friend, colleague, creator, a man for all seasons.
Ms. Beit, 25, is keeping her name.
"It was not possible," he wrote, "to walk into the identical room in 20 different cities without wanting to hurt it, just a little," he writes, explaining the twisted psychology of a musician on the road.
He also had more Greek recipes at his fingertips than even she did, and when he cooked for her, she realized she was hooked.
To the contrary, when you consider the buildup to the war in Iraq, Vice President Dick Cheney's energy task force and early warnings to the White House about the threat posed by Hurricane Katrina, we learn that this administration indeed has a strong sense of privacy: its own.
George E. Pataki's cap on Medicaid spending for counties, which the comptroller said had slowed the growth of property taxes this year.
As for places to visit, Naema Bay can be idyllic.
That night, at the dinner, Mr. Williams addressed a room full of refugees from Oracle, AOL, Microsoft and Accenture.
The couple’s baby is due in October.
She shares the same half of the draw with Svetlana Kuznetsova, Justine Henin-Hardenne, Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova.
It’s as bland as bland gets.
For now, visiting members stay in so-called safari tents that are outfitted with mahogany beds, Frette linens, Persian rugs, crystal dinnerware and sterling silver.
So on one hand, you’re kicked out by the law, on the other hand you’re stuck in a position.
Three other buyers expressed interest but faded away, Mrs. Decker said.
Anything smaller and swampy is out of luck.
The survey by the Government Accountability Office found little oversight and accountability in the program, which paid out $76 million from 1996 to 2005 to support Cuban dissidents, independent journalists, academics and others.
But complaints persisted that huge, multigenerational extended families, including distant and sometimes dubious cousins, were making virtual boardinghouses out of homes built for a couple and two kids.
Now, with the opening of the new club just weeks away, some residents and merchants are fighting to keep it out.
Shook or one of her employees will gladly give you a tour), are starting to garner some serious recognition, winning awards at well-regarded competitions in Florida and Indiana.
And it probably will stop some of the commotion that goes on at Rikers."
The wife was told about the molestation by the girl, the police said, and phoned her husband to tell him.
The victim, Stacy Rasmussen, 25, died at a Pennsylvania hospital.
Observing the "male camaraderie" of his sleuths, she saw his novels as repositories for "the myths of friendship, loyalty, courage and unadvertised accomplishment."
"My situation was with Fidel," he said.
“It’s far too early to draw any conclusions,” he added.
NBC was third for the night with a two-hour edition of "The Biggest Loser" (7.3 million), followed by "Dateline" at 10 (10.1 million).
The bride’s first marriage ended in divorce.
Still, her success is impressive, not least because it's a reminder of all the pop music that never reaches American shores.
Her support, though, was qualified.
A block away, Isaac S. Franco, the chief executive of the Franco Apparel Group, which manufactures children's clothing, paid $3.5 million for a house at Avenue S and East Fifth Street in 2002.
Michael Woodnick, a minister of the Universal Brotherhood Movement, an interfaith ministry, is to officiate at St. Gregory’s Church in Woodstock, N.Y. Pamela Woodnick, who is also a minister of the Universal Brotherhood, took part in the ceremony.
Nearby, just off charming State Street, where white stucco boutiques sit neatly under manicured palm trees, is a no-frills storefront called Lilly’s Taqueria.
But like almost anything involving Wal-Mart these days, the dispute has less to do with specific legal or regulatory questions than it does with the deep rift the company has opened across the American landscape.
Ms. Amobi insisted she was not trying to hide them, a claim that the judge found not credible.
"We are not done with them yet," she said.
Dredging the Hudson is a huge and essential job, and it must start soon, with visible results.
An assistant in Velázquez’s studio painted a similar silvered fabric in a different portrait.
She had come to appreciate steady and dependable over flashy, and Mr. Gordon had become more communicative and attentive.
"It's the same for me as it is for the customer, maybe worse," she said.
Bronx boy, Russian Jewish immigrant son, progressive union man, family man, worked hard, player harder, argued hardist.
(He stands second from the left at rear, above, in his only known photograph.)
New York City will get something that trend-setting Californian cities like Modesto and Chico , have had for years.
Mr. Judd was friendly with Giorgio DeLuca, one of the partners.
It's about the pace of the place.
Lynn Redgrave stars as Lady Bracknell (2:25).
Miles Davis was piecing together his fiercely modern second quintet.
But this has caused some officers here to question what Mr. Stewart's role would be, since civilians are forbidden from many police functions, like carrying a gun or making arrests.
It spoke to the timeless glories of aged prime beef, a sensible marinade (oil, garlic, paprika) and a high-temperature broiler, agent of a crucial char.
Anything that gets Felicity Huffman near a microphone is a good vote, and Judi Dench’s elegant durability is something to behold.
Van Stockum is survived by children, Olga Marlin in Kenya; Brigid Marlin, Sheila O'Neill and Elisabeth Paice in the U.K.; Randal Marlin in Canada; and John Tepper Marlin in the United States; and by 18 grandchildren, and nine great - grandchildren.
"It sticks to my craw to no end that the casino exemption is there," he said.
At the beginning of the Olympics, some of the event sites were half full, including those for the women's moguls and the men's figure skating short program.
It may change tomorrow, but as someone a lot better looking than I am said in the best movie ever made, "Tomorrow is another day."
Solving the judge's code requires repeatedly applying the Fibonacci Sequence, through the number 21, to the apparently random coded letters that appear in boldfaced italics in the text of his ruling: JAEIEXTOSTGPSACGREAMQWFKADPMQZVZ.
If he overturns the convictions, prosecutors could then retry Mr. Tankleff, charge someone else, or drop the case.
In addition to her private practice, Dr. Reed was Chief Resident of Beth El Hospital in Brooklyn and Attending Cardiologist at Jamaica Hospital in Queens.
"This was not a final report by any stretch of the imagination," she said on Wednesday.
Its rhythms vary with the time of day: Morning brings broadcasts at Salem Radio, late night means a middle-aged writer is laboring at his craft in an office otherwise used by lawyers, and midday means the prosaic comings and goings of customers and clients.
Each member, whether registered under a real name or a nom de Web, fills out a personal profile that can be accessed when you are reading a journal.
Anita Blanchard, a psychologist in Charlotte, N.C., said that she and her husband tried to be selective before their son was born in July 2004, but that they still ended up with items they did not need, like a wipes warmer.
"It's the code of the streets: You just don't talk to the cops," said Bakari Kitwana, the author of "The Hip-Hop Generation."
A staff member from the department's Federal Emergency Management Agency who was on the ground in New Orleans learned on Monday morning, Aug. 29, the day the storm hit, that a major section of the 17th Street Canal levee had collapsed.
Mr. Pugh was removed from life support the next day.
Single malts, made only from malted barley, are not an Irish tradition.
PHILADELPHIA, March 4 - The Pennsylvania Ballet has been dancing for 42 years, a long time for an American troupe.
MARIANNE ROHRLICH CURRENTS: WHO KNEW?
First, its first HD-DVD player is available now, giving it a head start; Blu-ray players aren't expected until the end of June.
"My job is to capture that feeling, as close to the event as possible, and turn it into word of mouth."
A major theater dedicated to Shakespeare year-round is one of the few cultural institutions that Chicago, Washington and the Bay Area all have and that New York does not.
"He vomits everything," she said.
In agreeing to sell the painting this month to the National Gallery and Crystal Bridges, the university gave local institutions 45 days to match the $68 million price.
Best of all, it has lots of the creatures themselves (live, as the title promises): 60 representatives of 26 species, including delicate chameleons, beautiful but poisonous Gila monsters and a 14-foot python that the curator, Darrel R. Frost, cheerfully said could swallow a German shepherd.
To the Editor: Re “Getting Past Katrina’’ (Op-Ed, Sept. 1): Juan Williams’s self-help prescriptions for reducing poverty reminded me of the old maxim “If you give a hungry person a fish, he will eat that night, but if you teach him how to fish, he eats every night.’’ But what if the water where you fish is polluted?
Now people are hunting in my resort, and I can take money out and go buy a real dinner.
Mr. Wales, 39, lives with his wife and daughter in St. Petersburg, Fla., where the foundation is based.
Go to Article from MarketWatch »
Calling hours will be on Friday November 24, from 2 to 8 pm at the Larson Funeral Home, 2496 North Ave, Bridgeport, CT.
In some ways, his case put the state's brand of politics on trial, asking jurors to draw a firm line between what was a crime and what was just another day in Springfield, the capital.
Brokers: Houlihan Lawrence; Seymour Group.
"Fundamentally, this is a landlord-tenant dispute," said Mr. Coscia, who is a lawyer.
So it may seem inconsistent to warmly endorse — as we do — President Bush’s proposal this week for what he terms the Legislative Line Item Veto Act of 2006.
"I just need to look through some police files he may have had in his office once."
For the past two seasons, Miller and Rahlves have pooled their skis, which are made by the Austrian ski manufacturer Atomic.
Hollweg's brother, Bryce, is a sophomore at Army.
Bob the Fox, for example."
The breakneck speed of the market increases of previous years had begun to ease, Mr. Mercurio said in his third quarter report.
Suffice it to say that one of them involves Guy's profession.
"I don't know how great it was.
And while gasoline-powered generators are a common solution, they are not a realistic option for those who live in apartments and crowded neighborhoods and for those who do not want to store gasoline.
Any dinner party is a little nervous-making, and I was more nervous about this one than most.
Anderson University, near Indianapolis, is affiliated with the Church of God; its alumni include Bill and Gloria Gaither and Sandi Patty, giants of contemporary Christian music.
The three-day affair brings musicians from the old-school folkie Tret Fure to the fresh-faced spoken-word artist Alix Olson, and an audience of up to 500 women "from 18 to 70," Ms. Hall said.
He goes on to dispute some of Mr. Jenkins’ facts, but says he was correctly portrayed as a “jihadi against naked shorting.” He signs off this way: I also think that if this nation ever grasps how its savings have been looted through this mechanism, a few million Americans are going to show up at the corner of Wall and Broad with pitchforks and nooses.
Directed by Keith Fulton and Louis Pepe; written by Tony Grisoni, based on the book by Brian Aldiss; director of photography, Anthony Dod Mantle; edited by Nick Gaster; music by Clive Langer; production designer, Jon Henson; produced by Simon Channing Williams and Gail Egan; released by IFC Films.
And if the Bagger sees one more For Your Consideration ad that could be translated as, “Not Really for Your Consideration, But We Had to Mollify the Diva Even Though He/She/It Has No Shot, No Way,” well, he will think the movie industry is less the meritocratic idyll he had been led to believe it was.
"You know what my casualty assistant said?
"It's no longer a guy who goes on a two-week fishing holiday every year."
"It is important to remember that the Fed has never -- never, never, never -- gotten a tightening cycle right," he said.
(Pool photograph by Michael Doherty)
As a result, pregnant officers with legitimate temporary health needs were compelled to choose: work in physically demanding positions without adequate protective gear, or go on leave.
Formerly a cowering dependent, she has suddenly morphed into a supercharged, sexually wired self-actualizer.
But while those sports inspire devotional mass followings, they don't engage people's brains the way baseball does.
Yet in concept, this is exactly what Mr. Bush does when despite all the advice and evidence to the contrary, he insists on “staying the course.” But in typical Rovian fashion, those who speak for the administration accuse its critics — both at home and abroad — of failing to adapt.
Ferrovial is bidding 8.75 billion pounds, or $15.6 billion, for BAA, the world's largest operator of airports.
Even as the Eagles fell behind by 6 points in overtime, Skinner never changed strategy.
Analysts are forecasting a loss of 17 cents a share, according to a survey by Thomson Financial.
They clanked past, marching with a swaying gait like wind-up toys.
We are devastated by the loss of the bright light in our family.
That afternoon, the Briskman party visited the Dalí Museum.
"There is no way you can mandate a single set of tests, to have a federalist higher education system," he said.
The Terrail family bought La Tour in 1912 from Frédéric Delair, who had owned it since the 1890's and whose grumpy face still appears on the postcard guests take home as a souvenir of the visit and of the famous ducks that they almost certainly had for dinner.
The center is being paid for by Arthur Ross, a New York philanthropist, who also contributed about $3 million toward the society's endowment.
In a hearing on Friday in Federal District Court in Roanoke, Va., Mr. Mitchel pleaded guilty to four felonies involving the production, sale, distribution and possession of child pornography.
Meanwhile, many of these suburbs share an economic and physical landscape that is unsustainable: low densities, a car-dependent culture and housing restricted to single-family residences.
Digital technology has not introduced manipulation into this universe; it has only multiplied the opportunities for mischief.
White, Groucho Marx, John Wayne and Saul Bellow demonstrate that Berkow is not so much a sportswriter as a writer who writes about sports.
The Tigers (3-10) ended a six-game losing streak, their longest since 1979-80, and defeated Columbia (7-7) for the ninth straight time.
If not, he says, he will quit.
It's hard to imagine carbon offsetting becoming widespread — except as part of the publicity strategy for select titles.
An attorney at the time, having graduated 1st in his class from NYU Law School, and a graduate of Union, he then served on the Island of Japan during its reconstruction under General MacArthur, assisting in drafting the law of Bankruptcy and setting up Japan's Government.
“I always felt that breakfast had unlimited potential,” said Terry Scarlatos, the chef and owner of four-year-old Toast, an artsy little cafe in the heart of Port Jefferson village.
The Chicago office of JWT, part of the WPP Group, had created ads for Kraft salad dressings, while the Chicago office of Foote Cone & Belding, part of the Interpublic Group of Companies, had created ads for the other products.
"If you had told me that he was going to be involved in politics at that stage," Mr. Geneske said, chuckling, "I'd have said, 'Probably not.'
At the end, he sat in silence, lips pursed and eyes afire.
Physicians, in turn, often fail to ask the questions that will find depression in their older patients.
(As Yellowcard's accountants surely know, that's no insult.)
The grand jury is investigating whether Bonds, the San Francisco Giants star who is second on major league baseball's career home run list, committed perjury when he testified to the original Balco grand jury in December 2003 that he never knowingly used steroids or other banned performance-enhancing drugs.
In fact, his interspersed meditations on conflicting models of storytelling are one of the most thought-provoking and original features of the book.
Speaking of the rear, this book's subtitle, "Love Is Nothing," is only a partial, sanitized quotation from Gardner.
In addition to the story of the $6,000 she spent to suction fat “out of my rear,” Kuczynski tells a tale of her two eyelids.
Did Ms. Voigt take it all off?
A man was killed and his nephew was wounded in a shooting early yesterday at a Harlem restaurant, the police said.
But people have been fighting for health care reform for years, and the fight hasn’t accomplished much — I don’t think there is any chance of a single-payer system being adopted any time soon (although I think it may well come eventually, and I agree that it’s worth making the arguments now).
Duke Ellington Part of the pleasure of watching Duke Ellington on film is seeing how much he enjoyed working.
None of the stories in Ms. Eisenberg's current collection appeared in the magazine.
As the head of a private corporation of military-trained assassins, Lane has plenty of muscle on hand, but Reacher is the ideal operative — a killer who can think.
Then borrowers post a loan request of up to $25,000, along with an upper limit for the amount of interest they are willing to pay.
Red or not, Abby is ready to explore her connection with Jamie.
The Finns advanced to the final, losing to Canada, 3-2.
Popular success and even critical acclaim may go to such metaphorical grab-bags as "The Natural" (1952), by Bernard Malamud, and the very different film it spawned; or W. P. Kinsella's "Shoeless Joe" (1982), cinematically rendered as the three-hanky "Field of Dreams"; or Douglass Wallop's "Year the Yankees Lost the Pennant" (1954), which became the musical "Damn Yankees!"
In addition to Ms. Dunn, who resigned last week, Anthony R. Gentilucci, H. P.’s manager of global investigations, and Kevin Hunsaker, director of ethics, have also stepped down.
His forceful wife, Blythe Brown, does much of his research, though he does not always read the things she tells him to read.
And the Tanglewood Music Center is also close by.
Leslie Rahl has been running a hedge fund advisory firm for a dozen years, after a long career running the derivatives desk at Citibank.
A long line usually extends from the door along the left side of this plain cafe, moving slowly, in self-serve mode, past several salads, kettles of soup (about 14 in summer, 20 or so in winter) and a selection of nine or more wrap sandwiches.
The loudest sound on every commute is the incessant and obnoxious announcements and bell-ringing at every station stop.
It was Smither's reminder that ambition has a price, that the endless flop shots and 3-wood darts Dakoda has hit were a down payment on the nearly 200 trophies she has won.
Conventional software is improved in cycles that stretch on for years, while Internet software can be continuously debugged and upgraded.
"They're mine," she says, and smiles.
Then came a pastoral, seminomadic period in Canaan, Mr. Hillel suggests, represented in the stories of the Patriarchs, in which shepherding is the preferred profession.
"It's not only simplistic, it won't work over the longer term because the countries can't sustain it on their own" for lack of expertise and resources, he said.
In the Lifetime film, a friend (played by the always sympathetic Cynthia Stevenson) mentions that Sante (pronounced sahn-TAY or shon-TAY, depending on the speaker), in her mid-40's, thinks she looks like Elizabeth Taylor.
Meanwhile, the party of the year remains Art Basel Miami Beach (Dec. 7 to 10), which is again proving a hot ticket.
"So it was a little strange."
"After 40 years, it's almost natural.
After a couple of hours on the island, the tour group headed back to its landing place and ate sandwiches and fruit, gazing at the same view Francis Bannerman once had, looking south to the nearly symmetrical hills on either side of the Hudson.
"At the end of the day, the oversight comes in the testing."
Cassell blasted his teammates recently for losing urgency.
11 P.M. (5) MAD TV -- On the eve of the Oscars, this sketch-comedy show pays homage to the awards with parodies like "Brokeback Mountain 2: The Cowgirls."
The Labor Department briefly posted Mathematica's report, "National Job Corps Study: Findings Using Administrative Earnings Records Data," by Peter Z. Schochet, John Burghardt and Sheena McConnell, on its Web page last Nov. 29.
Tami Yamashita, associate marketing director for Folgers at Procter in Cincinnati, said the feedback to the campaign "has been quite positive."
A tarot card reader will give patrons a heads up on their chances of having a valentine.
The Town and Village Synagogue on East 14th Street in Manhattan, affiliated with the Conservative movement, is organizing a coffeehouse for Friday night, with people sharing poetry on the Passover theme of freedom.
(Was that red tie a hint?)
It if does not, Mr. Bonacic said, he will urge the federal Environmental Protection Agency not to renew a crucial permit next year.
It was much like my horseback adventure on the southern shore, with its hardships (crawling through brambles, inching along cliff edges) and unexpected rewards (rare birds, log bridges, spectacular views of a rushing, glacier-fed river).
Thirty-three other charges were dropped.
Try Aquaphor Healing Ointment ($6.29) or Smith's Rosebud Salve ($5.50).
In 2005, ultrashort funds had a total return of 2.49 percent, on average, despite eight Fed rate increases, according to Morningstar.
HOW TO GET THERE -- Morocco's national airline, Royal Air Maroc (800-344-6726; www.royalairmaroc.com), offers several nonstop flights a week from Kennedy Airport.
"This political career means a lot to him, and that's why he's not going to do anything that would overly jeopardize it."
Many cancer researchers have questioned large parts of the diet-cancer hypothesis, but it has kept a hold on the public imagination.
Imperial Theater, 249 West 45th Street, (212) 239-6200.
It seems the kid has problems with his equally uninteresting girlfriend.
Though frustrated (he even missed a breakaway dunk), he was also impressed with the different one-on-one defenses the Wizards threw at him.
The view that Iran is ready to take on the Council is not wholeheartedly embraced inside Iran.
Nicole's mother and father are divorced, and it was her mother she went to for permission to have an abortion.
It's a dizzying, exhilarating ride.
said one hand to another.
"It's just a balloon of air, designed to pump up India's ego," he said.
BRONX -- "Seeing Is Believing," works by Josh Dorman, Nicola Lopez and others.
The diet also led to a drop in thyroid hormones and declines in DNA damage.
It didn't say anything about hours spent memorizing "success tips."
Fidelity -- the 800-pound gorilla of institutional investors -- bid for 2.2 million shares at $17.50 a share.
Dinner for two with wine or cocktails runs about 1,800 koruna, $60 at 30 korunas to the dollar.
"I can make a good profit for my shareholders," he said, "and provide a lot of good eco-stuff to the world as well."
As divorce has remained a constant, custody arrangements have evolved over the last half-century.
From the water irises by the fishpond came the piercing wail of a peacock.
Assistant Secretary of Education Tom Luce said they reflected a national shortage of fully qualified science teachers, especially in regions of poverty, where physics and chemistry classes are often taught by teachers untrained in those subjects.
Some hip residential and commercial traffic is spreading north to busy Atlantic Avenue, already renowned by residents and foodies for fine but slowly disappearing Middle Eastern shops like Sahadi's and Oriental Pastry & Grocery, with its splendid baklava and "learn to belly dance" videos.
Have a cup of coffee at Hanselmann, in the town square (via Maistra 8; 011-41-81-833-3864).
Then, in January 2005, Guidant revisited the issue of what, if anything, to say to doctors about the Contak Renewal.
Long before "Bring In da Noise, Bring In da Funk," or even "Rent," became hits, "Ain't No Time to Die a Natural Death," written, directed and scored by the multitasking Mr. Van Peebles, was a genre-bending milestone musical.
Since both of the girls are often ill, Ms. Melo does not feel that she can hold a regular job, though she said she would like to return to work or perhaps to study.
They are interrupted by flashbacks chronicling the explosive relationship of Syd and his "ex-chick" London (Jessica Biel), whose going-away party Syd and Bateman have crashed, and the occasional trashy woman wanting in on the drug action so badly that she doesn't seem to mind that she's in the company of serious misogynists.
Hunter and quarry maintain different but overlapping maps of the hunting ground, places of refuge and prospect, places of prior encounter.
The school that was her prison was largely empty in the mornings, but by late afternoon, “a party happened,” she said.
"And I go duck hunting on the Navesink River," he said.
Zarela got there first, at a time when such subtlety was rare.
These pictures don't tell you where they're coming from or where they're going.
Mr. Bove measured bank earnings against each inversion and determined that the net interest income of the banks never declined.
But the care itself was another story.
Steven P. Jobs, Apple Computer’s chief executive, concluded a much-anticipated company event on Tuesday with his usual tease, noting that he had “one last thing” to introduce.
Madison said he had spent much of his time in New York getting to know his secondary mates.
Lemuel Altick, the 17-year-old narrator of this bizarre story, finds himself swimming in the muck when he tries to earn his college tuition as an encyclopedia salesman.
eternal," he says, then quickly hurrying on.
In this case, it means diplomacy."
The Zags will next face No.
Such was Mr. Watanabe's power that by the 1980's, he helped broker major political deals.
He had remarkable integrity and intelligence, joie de vivre, a love of the arts, and was a passionate folk dancer.
Paula wears a series of slinky evening dresses and furs.
Captain Boynton said that much of the information that the Broadwater report classified as sensitive and secret under federal regulations "does not appear to meet the definition of sensitive security information" and should be public.
This being said, I believe that a similar program might reasonably work in the United States because American students are less apt (and have less opportunity) to move abroad.
On the show, she hangs out with her snarky friends, lives in a condo with a roommate, wages a passive-aggressive war with her mother and fears running into her former "90210" co-star Shannen Doherty.
"It's like a war on that lake, with so many people out to get each other," said Simon M. Kiragu, the police officer in charge in Naivasha.
The newest Colbeh has taken over the quaint cottage that generations of Long Islanders knew as the Wee Tappee Inn.
In another incident, a television cameraman was beaten and kicked so badly as he filmed a gang of casseurs that he suffered a fractured skull.
Cheryl Roberts, a college administrator in Seattle, was the host at a private reading featuring Ms. O'Neal Parker on Martin Luther King Day.
Prices will start in the mid-$70,000 range when the car goes on sale in the fall.
He said that at top pay, officers working for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, for example, average $30,000 more than city officers.
The 12-member Pink Martini hails from Portland, Ore., and over the last decade it has sold hundreds of thousands of its two self-released albums, 1997's "Sympathique" and 2004's "Hang On Little Tomato" (both on the Heinz label) in Europe and the United States.
"I'm not worried about Coach," Williams said.
They embellish new riverfront promenades and frame views of the river.
For most of the last half-century, when people thought about planning for retirement -- or really, when companies pitched them retirement planning services -- they generally meant financial planning.
Running across the entire eastern end of the square is the shopping arcade that became a symbol of the Soviet Union, known as GUM, the acronym for State Universal Store.
The main income for the aviation trust fund is a ticket tax, but ticket prices have been low for the last few years, depressing revenue, and expenses are up because airlines are flying more small airplanes, each of which takes as much work from the F.A.A.
Morrow printed nearly 6,000 readers editions and sent them to booksellers.
Still, it may be physically impossible to build all four towers by 2012, as well as the memorial, the museum, the $2 billion PATH terminal and other nearby projects.
Nobody will know the difference.
The conundrum is that money has become synonymous with leadership.
Toms, who entered the day at 14 under par, three strokes behind Woods, was playing at a six-under clip entering the 18th hole.
Even John Galliano has moved away from his theatrical extremes.
Then, during her marriage ceremony, the daughter gives the ring to her new husband.
In recent decades, "Tamburlaine the Great" (its two parts usually condensed into one evening), "The Jew of Malta," "Doctor Faustus" and "Edward II" have had regular revivals.
He said that he extended the invitation to Mr. McCain in January and that there had been nary a complaint until Mr. McCain came under criticism about his intentions to be the graduation speaker at Liberty University, headed by the Rev.
Federal judges are beginning to question why companies are cutting off legal fees to their executives when they become caught up in criminal investigations.
"It does not work and makes no sense physiologically or anatomically," said Dr. Rod J. Rohrich, a plastic surgeon at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas and the editor of the medical journal Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery.
The authors of the journal article -- Dr. Dillehay, Herbert Eling of the National Institute of Anthropology and History in Mexico and Jack Rossen of Ithaca College -- said the system appeared to be a small-scale example of organized irrigation technology that "accompanied a mixed economy of incipient agriculturalists, plant collectors and hunters."
Prince's infantile shriek, frequently pushed to ear-splitting levels, obliterated Mr. Wopat's mild-mannered singing.
Beloved wife of the late Philip.
President Jacques Chirac called Mr. Halimi's parents on Tuesday and assured them that full light would be shed on the circumstances, and in particular whether it was an anti-Semitic act, Élysée Palace said in a statement.
Columns: Thomas L. Friedman, Maureen Dowd, Sarah Vowell.
Slope Cellars, 436 Seventh Avenue (15th Street), in the Park Slope section of Brooklyn, charges $16.99.
Together with his brother Louis, they founded the Rauch foundation in 1961.
Drop in the shrimp and cook, uncovered, for 3 to 5 minutes, until pink and firm.
Additionally, the resort offers more pools, mineral baths, a full-service spa, shops and restaurants.
If the Laffer hypothesis holds, then this year is the first one in which we will really see an impact from the tax cuts.
Discounts are generally 25 or 50 percent, plus a service charge.
Revisiting the lessons of his early career, Mr. Armani concentrated this time on unfussy suits in shadowy colors and fabrics that were fluid but not blowsy.
Beloved wife of the late Sam.
Caption information is provided below.
The couple, both 34, met in a class on modern French history at the Graduate Center of the City University of New York, where the bride is working on a doctoral degree in European history and the bridegroom is a doctoral candidate in American history.
What had been a unified front of politicians, rebels and pro-democracy protesters against King Gyanendra's 14-month-long takeover of power seemed to wash away on Tuesday, a day after the king appeared on television to announce that on Friday he would restore Parliament, suspended since 2002.
But my own two in elementary school play the Wii’s tennis doubles game nightly with full-body vigor — and are perspiring after half an hour.)
In an interview here on Wednesday, Dr. Mark R. Dybul, the United States’ global AIDS coordinator, said, “Three years ago, people were talking about how antiretroviral therapy was not cost-effective, and now the talk is about how can we do more.” Proponents for wider availability of antiretroviral therapy say that AIDS drugs have saved more than three million years of life in the United States alone.
"We were informed that these clauses had been dropped," he said.
More Chinese citizens like Mr.
until Jan. 15, 2006!” The streamlined applications appeal to students because they’re easy and, well, flattering.
Another juror, Mary McGowan, 69, a retired bookkeeper, agreed.
Whether theatrics or something more fundamental, some Republicans say that the port fight and scrutiny of the surveillance program show a new willingness to confront the White House and that it is a fitting moment for Congress to declare its independence.
Foreign investors looking for a place to put their savings are also helping stocks, he said.
Died on April 23, 2006.
HORTON--Charles Edwin M.D., 81, founder of Physicians for Peace and pioneering plastic reconstructive surgeon, died peacefully at his home in Suffolk, VA., on October 23.
Nielsen/NetRatings, comScore’s main competitor, recently reduced its April numbers for Entrepreneur.com to about 2 million visitors from a previously reported 7.6 million.
A former Republican strategist warns against the dangers of religious zealotry, oil dependence and ballooning public and private debt.
"Certainly, you would think they would talk to the Port Authority," he added.
Funeral service, Monday 11am at "Gutterman's Inc." 175 Long Beach Rd, Rockville Centre, L. I.
We are working with the African Union and the Arab League to achieve that goal.
The victory gave the United States a 2-1 lead heading into the reverse singles matches Sunday -- Andy Roddick against Gonzalez, followed by James Blake against Massu, who also won the Olympic singles in 2004.
He mentions pitchers like Pat Hentgen and Charles Nagy, contemporaries with similar success in the 1990's who have faded from the game.
Great-grandmother of Stephanie, Arthur and Alex Entratter and Daniel Plain.
“And more importantly, since directors set their own pay levels, greater pay might lead to courts finding independence of boards compromised if pay is set too high.
We foraged a few wild cranberries and spent a further hour collecting acorns in our bandanas.
"The Da Vinci Code," with Audrey Tautou and Tom Hanks (above), didn't crack the top 10 list of biggest weekend openers.
I'm in Westchester County, and it's about to freeze again.
While Velez screamed, several players popped out of the third-base dugout and yelled, too.
ABC has signed on for six "Miracle Worker" episodes, featuring two stories per episode.
“I’d always been afraid of that,” she says.
Janos Gat, 1100 Madison Avenue, at 82nd Street, (212) 327-0441, through April 29.
"It was very hard for all of us at first, but he never stopped encouraging us no matter what happened," Han said of Wilson.
Her mantra became, Change Is Good.
We extend our sincere condolences to the Latham Family.
Seller's Broker: Patrick Colwell, Cushman & Wakefield Recent Lease $32/sq.
(Scott) * 'HARRY POTTER AND THE GOBLET OF FIRE' (PG-13, 150 minutes) Childhood ends for the young wizard with the zigzag scar in the latest addition to the Potter saga, even as the director Mike Newell keeps its British eccentricity, fatalism and steady-on pluck irresistibly intact.
Instead, paying a high price for college became an example of what the sociologist Thorstein Veblen, in 1899, called conspicuous consumption -- money spent as a sign of social status.
The bridegroom's mother retired as the head of the reference department at the Sachem Public Library in Holbrook, N.Y. His father is an adjunct professor of Central European literature at Columbia and a translator of Hungarian fiction.
What a waste, we say, every time.
Ms. Weiner's purse was missing and a nephew, Michael Zerin, said she had gone to the bank earlier in the day.
I leaned forward like a fullback going for daylight.
In the City of David I come to the City of David not only to feel the beginnings of this place, but to remind myself about how even archaeology is used as a weapon in the struggle over the land.
Service swings from helpful to borderline brusque toward non-Italians.
"Let him live my life and see."
He served as a director of the Company since its inception until his death, and was chairman of the board of directors from the Company's start until February 2004.
But as in many other cities that began sprawling outward in the 1970's, the downtown was long neglected until high hopes for condo development along the riverfront spurred city planners to undertake a major redevelopment effort.
WHAT -- 1-bedroom condo HOW MUCH -- $510,000 This 626-square-foot, one-bathroom condo is in an 1850 building on a cobblestone street.
But this year's assessment soared to $2.2 million.
(“His fat saved him,” my grandmother said.)
New York’s hospitals have been in crisis for years because of declining demand, pressures from health insurers and their high debt.
A homeowner can expect to spend $150-plus for a basic consultation, in which a stager evaluates the house and submits a report on what needs to be done.
"If some words personally injured you, I regret them and I take them back," Mr. de Villepin told lawmakers during a question-and-answer session in the Assembly, as François Hollande, the Socialist leader, looked on.
Tasting is not pretty and is best done discreetly, away from cameras and people who might care that you’ve dribbled red wine down your shirt.
THE NEW YORK TIMES’S Dec. 16 article that disclosed the Bush administration’s warrantless eavesdropping has led to an important public debate about the once-secret program.
Although leaders of Iraq's main Sunni Arab political bloc agreed Sunday to return to talks over the formation of a new government, those talks are still in early stages.
Mary is by far the most well-developed character, and it's a shame Spiotta didn't spend more time with her.
Donations may be sent to American Committee for Shaare Zedek Hospital, 49 W. 45th St, Suite 1100, NYC, 10036.
Even so, on March 31, when Bausch issued its first news release in the United States calling attention to the Fusarium outbreak, it said it did not believe that the infections were related to any particular lens-care product.
; "Resources for Man" Pavilion, EXPO 67, Montreal; Campus Center, University of Massachusetts, Amherst.
He went to an apartment on Mulberry Street in Little Italy, a few blocks from the Ravenite Social Club, home base of the Gambino family.
THE last couple of business cycles have been pretty mild, Professor Harvey noted.
Another bill she proposed would regulate à la carte snacks sold in the cafeteria.
The Justice Department sued the Realtors association in September, claiming that its rules for listings unfairly disadvantage online brokers who might stimulate price competition in the business.
Going forward, “the Internet will be equal to or better than television,” Mr. Ponturo said, particularly in reaching the company’s target audience for beers like Budweiser and Bud Light, which is men ages 21 to 34.
This is a strange posture for trustees to assume.
Hearing aids and cochlear implants provide deaf children with the opportunity to learn to speak and to have access to educational, social and employment opportunities.
In an alternative universe, his New Romantic hodgepodge "For Kate I Wait" would be a radio hit.
Much of the data indexed by the search sites can be used for nefarious means, and site owners may not realize that sensitive or confidential information is so readily available as part of a search index.
All mini-series Photoshop the facts.
After a lot of years of pondering, I feel he did.
Have a right to be ignored and neglected Have a right to be segued and be raided Have a right to be damned a right to be jammed Have a right to be sanctioned and banned.
When Paola pulled her suitcase into the hall, Solly was surprised to remember that she had to press her enormous body right against the wall if Paola was to get it past.
“Tomorrow, it’s back to diapers and carpool, and driving five kids to school.
With Xerox funds, the Palo Alto researchers are continuing to explore the technology.
Rooms are $100 to $125.
The site has received millions of hits, according to Mr. Wilkinson.
So he has proposed a bill to make illegal the posting of anonymous comments online.
Despite the seemingly endless daily toll, a few months ago the commander of India's Northern Army at the time, Lt. Gen. Hari Prasad, had the confidence to declare that "normalcy is round the corner."
"This year is unique in terms of reserve growth," Leonid A. Fedoun, a vice president, said during a news conference.
New York Theater Workshop was where Mr. Larson's musical, "Rent," was developed; "The Seven," with choreography by Bill T. Jones, has a similar scrappy vitality. "
Erika Miklósa, Queen of the Night, nailed her scarily high notes in the aria “Der Hölle Rache” but didn’t seem intimidating enough for someone with such gruesome talons.
Though Russia says it is purely a business dispute, the gas cut-off has fed concern from Washington to Berlin that the Kremlin is prepared to use its control over its massive energy resources as a political weapon.
The paper was dry, but the century-old wit was still surprisingly fresh.
Many economists say that the tax code, by subsidizing the purchase of health insurance, has fostered excessive use of health care services, driving up costs.
WHEELCHAIR ACCESS -- Through a side entrance, with a small handicapped parking area nearby.
"Once he gets it, you won't be able to get it back from him."
Mr. Hinman credited the 50 or so crossword puzzles he does each week with preparing him for the tournaments.
The government has also distributed hundreds of small out-of-court settlements.
Indeed, most Democrats voted in September 2004 to extend three big changes -- the 10 percent tax bracket for low-income workers, the $1,000 child tax credit and breaks for married couples -- because they were within months of expiring.
His body was taken to Goa two years later.
To the Sports Editor: Re "Washburn Bests Johnson and Yanks," Aug. 25: Randy Johnson keeps giving up the store, then settling down, but he loses the game -- 10 so far -- and the Yankees applaud his performance.
"On balance," said James O'Sullivan, an economist at UBS, "people view the economy as pretty strong."
When parents remarry — sometimes more than once — they find themselves looking for meaningful new ways to include the offspring of their earlier relationships.
Kobe doesn't want to shoot the ball every time he comes down the court.
While there may not be a conspiracy of evildoers in Washington, there is, as Tony Judt points out, a lack of debate on the subject of United States support for Israel.
Fine Arts Council, 40 Railroad Avenue South.
There is more of a range of prices in Lake Lanier, Ga., where a small pink two-bedroom confection with lake views is being offered at $154,000.
So increases in non-security discretionary spending were a trivial factor in the overall rise in spending as a share of G.D.P., of which well over half – say 1.2 percentage points at least – was security-related.
Guests inspecting a carved frame and easel at Allan Katz.
I suppose that from the bees’ perspective, everything looks more or less the way it is supposed to.
"We're really pleased," said Joe Escobedo, the lead lawyer for the Garza family.
"The spouse's associates would not be prohibited from lobbying any members or staff so long as the Senate employee's name is not used."
Over time, I've ended up with bottles and cases in both.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15 - He was calm and he was cool, and he most certainly was not Alan Greenspan.
PORT--Estelle M. (nee Gordon) of East Meadow, NY.
The case became a cause célèbre for the antiwar left and civil libertarians, who considered the prosecution's eventual failure an incomplete vindication of the right of free speech.
For the past seven years, he has built and lived in houses smaller than 100 square feet -- a teeny fraction of the average 2,439-square-foot American home.
Senator Sam Brownback, Republican of Kansas, said he had found common ground with the economist Jeffrey Sachs, who has long maintained that practical solutions carried out by Africans can prevent millions of deaths from malaria.
Row loved Jesus and was a communicant at Sacred Heart Church in Winnetka.
The civil unrest in Oaxaca took a bizarre turn as a small group of armed masked men blocked a highway and distributed pamphlets warning the federal police and the military not to intervene in the three-month teachers' strike that has spread and paralyzed the city, news reports said.
Now today we honor your life with words at your service and remember the words you just shared with us: "J-E-T-S Jets Jets Jets in 2007" Love, your boys, Alexander and Timothy
It turns out that Damon, who will start in left field for the United States, has nothing to worry about.
The bill's sponsor, Senator Joseph E. Robach, a Rochester Republican, said he believed that oil companies would pass the savings to retailers, who would pass them to consumers.
Flipper-wearing cellists, bad singers and even a pre-Pee-wee Paul Reubens were among those who performed for up to 90 seconds, provided that a celebrity judge like Phyllis Diller or Scatman Crothers didn’t ring the gong to silence them first.
Interment Gate of Heaven Cemetery.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said: "I'm sorry if there's any pain, I apologize to the widow.
The company also said that subscriptions to Amazon Prime more than doubled in December from November.
They said she became deeply frustrated that she was unable to make decisions about the museum's direction without Mr. Munitz's approval.
"It's a place that's much maligned, but it's full of great people who are unvarnished and warm," he said.
For that, they awarded Mr. McDarby an additional $12,000 -- triple the amount he spent on Vioxx prescriptions.
Residents will star alongside actors like George Segal and Len Lesser, who, as the eccentric Uncle Leo on “Seinfeld” might have fit right in at the colony.
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., March 4 - Chris Bosh of the Toronto Raptors was having his way with the Nets during the second half Saturday afternoon.
During World War I, American soldiers adopted the comfortable cotton underwear worn by European soldiers instead of their standard-issue wool garments.
DECODING COLORS Computer users with red-green colorblindness can decipher color-coded maps and graphs using a software program called eyePilot from Tenebraex.
Correction: April 2, 2006, Sunday An article on March 19 about single women who try to conceive a child by using donor sperm misstated part of the name of an organization that provides statistics about the ages of single mothers.
The task will grow no easier with the passing of time.
A Tyco spokeswoman did not respond to an e-mail message and a call seeking comment.
"I worked in the 50's and 60's at Southern papers, and there was plenty of pressure back then."
The meager headroom of earlier models was remedied by raising the roofline two inches and the trunk was now cavernous.
"It's a legend, which says I am 100 percent completely full of rehearsals and telephone calls," he said.
"The difference is like walking on a spike and having padding in your knee," Ms. MacLeod said.
Cheerily unhinged declarations like "I never wanna let you go/ And that's why I bought this rope" nuzzle up with charmingly fatalistic indie aphorisms like "I'm stickin' with whatever fails."
There is no way you can ever calculate that you will have this kind of phenomenon."
BERK--Judith & Murray, Dedicated teachers in NYC School system.
"But I wouldn't start with pneumonia, where the risk of undertreatment is so great," Dr. Fine said.
He deliberately cultivated the dress, manners and loud speech of a provincial, crossed swords with the establishment of the Salon and was regularly raked over the coals by critics.
I agonized over whether to quote “A Midsummer Night’s Dream” or “Romeo and Juliet” on the response card — and then I agonized over whether to use a semicolon or a comma in said quote, because frankly, many Shakespeare authorities disagree on that.
The silver lining of Jeff Mayer's former day job, selling shoes at the Prada store in SoHo, was access to the label's translucent plastic lingerie boxes.
"They don't teach you that in acting class," Ms. Loken said with a laugh.
Mr. Chirac's announcement, a victory for environmental groups led by Greenpeace that challenged the ship's transfer, came on the eve of an official visit to India.
As for Heineken's delay in coming out with a light beer bearing the name of its flagship brew, Mr. Bellas noted that the first light beer sold by Anheuser-Busch was called Natural Light; Bud Light did not follow for years.
"There's something so gripping about the time-capsule nature of this," said Sarah M. Henry, the museum's deputy director and chief curator.
And all of his points were not from close range; Ruklick and others have said that many of Chamberlain's points came off turnaround jumpers from 10 to 12 feet.
Rhythms ebbed, surged and overlapped, all by some secret logic.
The party is popular with young Japanese women interested in hip-hop culture.
But, said Chris Marchion, president of the Montana Wildlife Federation, a sportsman's group, even if some Yellowstone buffalo have been tamed, if hunts continue, animals will become more wary of hunters — which he says has happened with elk.
But every so often there is a warm afternoon, then the nub of a bulb pushing through the thawing earth, which is inevitably followed by those first glorious bursts of ads on Craigslist and in the Village Voice touting idyllic summer cottages in the cool mountains of Stockbridge and on the warm beaches of Amagansett.
Niche media is ‘me’ media, and the blogosphere is the ultimate manifestation of that.”
Leaves behind wife & partner Dolly, eight children and ten grandchildren.
The Republican elephant was created by Thomas Nast in 1874 for a political cartoon.
But you'll also hear lesser lights like Erma Franklin (Aretha's big sister), O. V. Wright and Eddie Floyd.
In 1902, Theodor Herzl prefaced his utopian Zionist novel, “Altneuland” (“Old-New Land”) with the half-teasing motto “If you wish it, it is no fable.” This soon became, in loose translation, the rousing slogan “If you will it, it is no dream,” inspiring several generations of Diaspora Jews to make their home in the new-old land of Israel.
Two newly released chardonnays show the range of chardonnay styles emerging in the young region.
The deal and the high-stakes competitive maneuverings behind it shed new light on the rapidly changing financial landscape on Wall Street.
But some doctors suspect that the wholesale push to early drug treatment has gone overboard and may be harming patients who could manage with significantly less medication, perhaps because they have mild forms of the disorder.
In an effort to bring honor killings out from underground, Ka-Mer, a local women’s group, has created a hot line for women who fear their lives are at risk.
8 p.m., University Settlement, 184 Eldridge Street, at Rivington Street, Lower East Side, (718) 599-7997 or www.wax205.com; $12.
Referring to “Bulfinch’s Mythology,” this modest proprietor of the Florence Avenue Used Book Shop identifies himself as the loyal companion of his friend Fearless Jones, a near-mythic killer whose ghetto mission was “to do right in a world where everything was wrong.” Paris also recognizes one of mythology’s mischievous tricksters in the person of his own cousin, Ulysses S. (Useless) Grant, who drags Paris and Fearless into a reckless extortion scheme that escalates into murder and mayhem.
The board is composed of 8 members appointed by the president, 30 members elected by Red Cross chapters across the country and 12 at-large members selected by the other board members and management.
The Umbria-based team was recommended by Johannes Hermel and Luisa Biaocco-Hermel , who run a real estate agency and www.casambiente.com , where the Phillipses first found the property.
Everyone is talking about what Mr. Pellicano might be talking about.
Seasonal service runs along Whitman's old route between Fulton Landing and Manhattan.
He was helped by a sterling set of performances and by his own gifts in bringing out the best in his dancers.
Other costs, including forensic audits and restatement costs, have totaled more than $479 million, according to figures provided by HealthSouth.
"I wouldn't buy any of these stocks up here," he said.
By the late 1960's, her voice was often unreliable.
Mr. LaValle wondered whether the cure might be worse than the disease.
Tartan mini-kilts were cut to give a sense of swagger, and there were slim dresses in red tartan with black lace hems.
Spinal fusion devices and, more recently, artificial spinal disks have become treatments of last resort in patients for whom drugs and exercise can no longer control back pain.
Our team has agreed to disagree.
"It's not that much larger.
It seems to me that it's already midnight on a very dismal, foggy, moonless night.
The administration has assured the nation it had plenty of good reason, but there's no way for Congress to know, since it has been denied information on the details of the wiretap program.
Sony agreed to license and distribute much of the library of more than 4,000 films as well as to co-produce remakes of MGM's best-known properties with Sony, including the popular James Bond franchise.
The rules were part of a slate of new powers the Russian government has enacted since terrorists seized a public school in Beslan in 2004.
The team is hoping he will be able to pitch in the playoffs.
There are 21 wines by the glass, $6 to $11.
He and a friend, and then eventually Taylor, drove around the neighborhood looking for the vehicles, according to the police report.
Reservations are not necessary: (718) 797-9463.
Mr. Adler should make a point of reminding Jay (sorry, I can't bring myself to call a 14-year old "Mr.") that an original voice is something to be prized.
Homes — a master of syncopated jabber about nutrition, parking, real estate and other inescapable Los Angeles fetishes; a whiz at directing complex set pieces that almost always hold their own both as metaphors and as spectacles; and as sure with a knife as a great sushi chef when it comes to slicing up her prose into sentences of chewable lengths and paragraphs of satisfying thicknesses — seems flummoxed by the larger task of leveraging Richard's adventures in recovery into a panoramic Los Angeles black comedy.
CONFRONTED by the state's meteoric housing boom and Washington's constant narrowing of its federal responsibilities, New York's next governor must face up to downstate's twin challenges of a worsening shortage of affordable housing and a corrosive exodus of young adults.
But Puerto Rico did not capitalize on chance after chance against four pitchers.
ZIFF--William B. Jr. Jeffrey Haber and employees at Acordia were deeply saddened to learn of the passing of Mr. William Ziff.
Weeks This Last On Week Week List FICTION 1 3 156 THE DA VINCI CODE, by Dan Brown.
The man, Raymond Lee Oyler, 37, of Beaumont, was arrested on two counts of arson related to wildfires in June, the Riverside County Sheriff’s Department said in a statement.
After three hours, they heeded a call to march half a mile down Independence Prospect to Victory Square.
My patient understood this well, and usually presented himself wearing a compressed cat-who-ate-the canary grin.
lifts when the Department of Homeland Security calls, and the movie suggests an ugly jockeying for manpower among local and federal agencies.
Pete Doherty, the drug-arrest-prone lead singer of Babyshambles, was named sexiest man, and Madonna sexiest woman.
"It was a big project," he said, "and they did a lot of it on their own -- watching the tapes and taking notes or whatever, then figuring things out in the studio.
Tuesday night’s concert at Carnegie Hall was his first performance since the accident, and it was something other than a resounding success.
"Video content on Yahoo today attracts a great deal of interest from advertisers," he said.
A range of people and groups are opening them, including Eva S. Moskowitz, the former chairwoman of the City Council Education Committee; David Levin, whose South Bronx charter school has been a model for dozens of others nationwide; and the city teachers' union.
Finally, in 1967, 12 families took possession.
How would you draw trump?
(Nov. 5), gave an excellent overview of current efforts to tap into this clean, abundant and domestic energy source.
On Tuesday, Federal Reserve policy makers raised their benchmark short-term interest rate to 4.75 percent, the 15th consecutive increase.
It's not a bad idea to get breakfast and at least a few dinners at your inn, as restaurants are few.
" A few weeks later, Jones told Barnes that he was hired.
But does that mean people who show up to work in the morning breathe more easily?
Lawyers who have brought a lawsuit on behalf of Mr. Omar's wife say that he went to Iraq as a businessman to obtain contracts in the reconstruction of the country.
Democrats don't give their candidates marching orders.
Gwendolyn Lynch died May 1 at 77.
Financial terms were not disclosed.
As if the Mets haven't had enough trouble recently, losing five of their past seven games, they encounter Pujols for the first time tonight in St. Louis.
The new firms are drawn by the region's big pool of engineering graduates, many of whom have expertise in esoteric new technologies.
She had the capacity to love everyone and be loved by everyone.
An infected tooth is drilled in order to remove blood and nerve tissue and sterilize its interior.
The series is to continue for three more Sundays through June 25 with the pianist Konstantin Lifschitz, the violinist Arabella Steinbacher and a joint concert by the mezzo-soprano Susanne Mentzer and the guitarist Sharon Isbin.
That’s a Class V rapid and will have to wait for another trip, with other friends, perhaps in another life.
There are few toilets and only a few parking spaces.
They "succeeded in preventing any duplication of themselves."
Advocates have long urged the state to modernize its voting system faster.
Bob Mair Durham, N.H., May 2, 2006 The writer is a professor of psychology at the University of New Hampshire.
The nominee, Ibrahim al-Jaafari, the current prime minister and a Shiite, was selected last month in a closely contested vote among the Shiites who have a tentative control of Parliament.
The Children's Defense Fund acknowledges with sadness the loss of Jill Chaifetz.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 12 - During his short program Thursday, Johnny Weir, ever flamboyant and quirky, wore a black-and-white costume that sparkled under the lights, and one red glove symbolizing the beak of a swan.
We extend our heartfelt condolences to her husband, Mort, her daughters, Emily and Jackie, and to her mother, Leona Poss.
"People get excited when they see what we're doing, and they realize you can really make a difference in people's lives."
Still, as illustrative music meant to evoke some of the figures and conflicts of Shakespeare's drama, this work has a heart that beats with an almost operatic impulse, and in his vivid, full-throttle reading, Mr. Levine made it seem as if the scenery and singers were about to appear.
"I'm more comfortable here," said Sharon Slowik, an aromatherapist, who was sitting at the counter with her friend Ulrika Appelberg, a fabric designer.
A fascination with show business, movies and Broadway musicals draws many of these characters together.
The region, an ethnic-Armenian enclave within the borders of Azerbaijan and a fortified area around it, has been under military occupation by Armenian-backed forces since a cease-fire in 1994, creating a formidable military front in the western mountains of Azerbaijan.
Mr. Lamont’s campaign buoyed thousands of new voters and volunteers, and many of them helped the Democratic candidates in competitive House races here.
They are now both candidates for rabbinic ordination and for master’s degrees in Hebrew letters at the college’s New York campus; the bride is also a candidate for a master’s degree in religious education.
But she is also worried about how to list her profession on a 1040 form -- she is a foot fetish model.
"They should have met with members of Congress three or four weeks ago and said: 'This is a good deal.
It's part of the vacation."
He added that while Celera seemed to have gone about its study in the correct way, he did not think the test was ready to be used to decide on patient treatment.
After the video his family and friends talked about Mr. Segall's life, working through their grief.
At the time, the six centers now under discussion were exempted from the fee policy because they were financed by the federal Community Development Block Grant program and not by donations.
"Why would I feel good about this?
We hope he and his moderate colleagues have the integrity to honor their sensible immigration views now that the dismal ’06 campaign is done.
This approach would be a change from relying on private, nonprofit organizations to register most voters.
Over a century, the scale of the bagpipe has pitched slightly higher than the A-flat scale of classical music.
In the Council, Ms. Quinn's sensitivity has made her popular with other members and lobbyists, who praise her receptiveness and commitment to issues rather than adherence to any particular ideology.
But Smith often loses control of his images: "Her eyes floated slowly above her wineglass.
The anarchic nature of the true democracy emerges bit by bit.
Correction Appended ISTANBUL, Feb. 13 - The crowd cheered, clapped and whistled as the Turkish agent plunged the knife into the chest of the enemy commander.
Harrison Ford told a German magazine that he is eager to begin work on a fourth "Indiana Jones" movie.
Frank has long specialized in men's jewelry, particularly studs and cufflinks for tuxedos.
About 400 women a month get gestational diabetes in New York City, some 4 percent of pregnant women, a roughly 50 percent jump in about a decade.
She applied early decision to Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, N.C., and was accepted.
The parents are cold, icy figures, and even the servants who in many Italian films would provide a dose of working-class love to the floundering boy are portrayed as envious and unreliable.
Mr. Libby faces charges of obstruction of justice and lying about how he learned the identity of Valerie Wilson, a Central Intelligence Agency operative, and what he told reporters about her.
M.D., New Jersey Business may be business, but it need not be business as practiced by Andrew Carnegie or Andrew Fastow or.
Political, because it suggests that the White House -- which, according to the Kean campaign, initiated Monday night's event -- feels that the New Jersey race is competitive, and worth pouring resources into.
Bonds smacked another single to right in his last at-bat against Rodríguez in the fourth.
But when it comes to one piece of dietary advice that many of us were brought up on, the old wisdom prevails: fish is apparently food for the brain.
"We don't see anything in the facts and circumstances where the owner of the dog may have committed a criminal act," Lieutenant Wiedel said.
Kevin Cooper, another sixth grader at Wiggins, said he attended a parochial school for four years so he was used to a uniform.
Correction Appended Opening a blocked artery with balloons and stents can be lifesaving in the early hours after a heart attack, but a new study concludes that it often does no good if the heart attack occurred three or more days before.
Another improvement has been in reducing leg pain after surgery, Richardson said.
Were Friday afternoons reserved for some Palm Beach ritual to which we would never be privy?
Do you remember the case?
Their requirements — brevity, clarity, story — permit approaches as different as Robin Robertson's and Nick Laird's: the first stoic, generalizing and compellingly terse; the second loquacious, voluble, able to revel in details.
Separately, Target, the discount store chain based in Minneapolis, is expanding its agency roster by hiring for project work BBDO North America in New York, part of the BBDO Worldwide unit of the Omnicom Group, and Wieden & Kennedy in Portland, Ore. Target's familiar, quirky ads are created by agencies including Peterson Milla Hooks in Minneapolis.
She discovered that she loved teaching, and evidently students liked her, too.
Offers have been made for him to open in Chicago and Singapore.
His fellow live performers are not as egregiously mannered, but I often had the feeling I was watching a grandiloquent performance of a Racine play rather than Shakespeare.
Interment at the Kensico Cemetery in Valhalla, New York.
The 24 Hours section-- a feature of each guide -- concludes that Primrose Hill is the ideal spot for watching a London sunset.
Graduate of Boys High School, City College and Brooklyn Law School.
Of course, I'm not K Street material.
since the Vioxx debacle that they say show the agency is taking a tougher stance.
(Scott) ‘INVINCIBLE’ (PG, 99 minutes) The latest addition to the Disney stable of sports-underdog movies, “Invincible” is the true story of Vince Papale (Mark Wahlberg), a substitute teacher and part-time bartender, who in 1976 realizes his dream of playing for the Philadelphia Eagles.
The Russian minister of industry and energy, Viktor Khristenko, said last week that the pipeline was full of Gazprom's own output.
"Everything was thrown away, no effort was made to reclaim anything," Ms. Sindin said.
An old man in his shirt sleeves was weeping at an open window, his eyes raised towards the sky.
As the reader's outlook expanded, the world began to shrink."
Trevor Ariza did not play, nor did Qyntel Woods, but the players on the court responded, playing in a rhythm the Cavaliers seemed to have lost since shooting guard Larry Hughes broke his finger, missing the past four games.
What emerges is a liberal meditation on freedom and compromise, and a nostalgia trip graced by eloquent restraint.
Indeed, in the last few weeks a large number of domestic and foreign tourists have brushed aside danger, driving to evacuated areas to take pictures in front of Merapi.
Meanwhile, many patients appear more than happy to inject themselves twice a day and endure upset stomachs, as long as they can keep losing weight.
The version of high-fructose corn syrup used in sodas and other sweetened drinks consists of 55 percent fructose and 45 percent glucose, very similar to white sugar, which is 50 percent fructose and 50 percent glucose.
This would be "pretty amazing," said Victoria Arena, 14, especially because she would love to have her own room.
The remaking of Camp Pharsalia, in fact, seems more like an upstate jobs program.
But he overlooks the fact that conservative now refers to a specific set of doctrines, including minimal governmental economic regulation, restrictions on sexually explicit art, opposition to abortion, etc.
With sectarian violence raging, General Abizaid on Thursday sought to tamp down expectations that large numbers of America troops might come home this year.
And let's face it: many won't even get that far.
The largest group — over 54 percent — said that they would.
Across the country, officials are experimenting with ways to smooth re-entry and prevent recidivism, with drug treatment or job training.
Mr. Feelings indulges in no lazy romanticism of Africa, depicting the origins of the slave trade in local tribal conflicts.
"When you look at the statistics, men are more likely to have crashes than women are," Ms. Gerson noted.
French officials have said Mr. Chirac is likely to pursue his own nuclear agreement this week.
Only when our book summarized the home design movement, collected the examples, defined the trend, created a source list for consumers and put a name on it did "high-tech" become a household term.
His gut-punching "Black Hawk Down," about the disastrous 1993 American incursion into Somalia, remains one of the most potent step-by-step accounts of how such grievances assumed center stage.
Dr. Lanza said yesterday that Nature had not shown him the original press release before publication.
(“Amazing how much of the stuff there comes from China,” he said.)
(Even an iceberg salad, which was $3, seemed underloved.)
Brown describes himself as a pleaser, and he said that he stopped calling plays while coaching at North Carolina because he felt as if he was being pulled in too many directions to just concentrate on football.
To buy it, women would have to show photo identification to prove their age.
Admission is by suggested donation of $2; children under 12 and those 62 and older, $1.
To all who knew him, he was a mentsch.
But he said the Olympics, which precede Italy's national elections by two months, presented a potentially tempting moment for an attack.
In separate letters to each agency, the comptroller, William C. Thompson Jr., who is the investment adviser to the city's five pension funds, said that he believed the company might have violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which forbids American companies to bribe foreign officials.
-- Crystal Classic, 307-872-0580; www.cityofgreenriver.com.
A14 NEW YORK/REGION B1-6 Spitzer Chooses Senator As Running Mate Attorney General Eliot Spitzer has chosen David A. Paterson, a powerful state senator from Harlem, to be his running mate in the 2006 New York governor's race.
To defend a friend wrongly accused of murder, a Mississippi lawyer must investigate the secret lives of local prep school students.
B7 ARTS E1-12 Hollywood Extortion Claim In 2002, the billionaire Ronald W. Burkle, who was recently caught up in an alleged extortion plot by a longtime contributor to The New York Post's gossip column, told federal investigators that the Hollywood private detective Anthony Pellicano demanded that Mr. Burkle pay him $100,000 to $250,000 in exchange for Mr. Pellicano's agreeing not to investigate him.
Even I was asked to pitch in, to hold open the door for a woman exiting with multiple pies.
The allegations in the complaint cover about two and a half years, but federal officials say they are looking at earlier years as well, to determine how far back the fraud goes.
“We would take the short-term emotion out of the equation and work backwards,” he said.
To the Editor: Where is the outrage?
Known as Gam or Gamma to her family or Betty to her many friends, she was best known as an energetic wife, devoted mother and adoring grandmother and great-grandmother.
Violating that order made him ineligible for a green card and eligible for deportation.
BMW reaffirmed its forecast for 4 billion euros in full-year pretax profit, which includes a one-time gain of 375 million euros from selling Rolls-Royce shares this year.
EXHIBITIONS Ira Berkow is a sports writer for The New York Times.
This time the physical preceded the announcement.
** Gilt The dishes contrived by Paul Liebrandt, the chef at Gilt, can be wearyingly intricate, and the descriptions of them that servers provide can be just as exhausting.
The judge has not yet ruled on the request.
One answer came two weeks ago when the whole collection was put up for sale for a whopping $55 million.
Mr. Potts is survived by a brother, Tommy, of Montgomery, Ala.
Who goes to the private?
Flanked by empty parking lots on two sides, its bunkerlike form looms heroically at the water’s edge.
"If taxpayers are frustrated about money," Assemblyman Gary S. Schaer said Wednesday, standing at the site of the school, "I guarantee they'll be more frustrated if we spend $37 million for a school that absolutely everyone will refuse to send their children to.
Improving her health is second.
The intended target, a Taliban supporter who was suspected of being behind several attacks on foreign aid and construction workers, was not among the dead and may have not been in the village at the time.
Ms. Brooks’s story is simultaneously the most hopeful and the most frustrating of the four.
Policies to improve the security of the middle class will also help the poor, she added.
HUNTINGTON VILLAGE -- "Artist Duet," works by Taylour Mishel and Irene Poirier.
When a video clip goes "viral," spreading across the Web at lightning speed, it can help rocket its creators to stardom.
They had rented nearby for three years and liked the neighborhood, deciding to stay because of the easy commute by car for Ms. Gabriele-Plaia, a fitness trainer in Scarsdale, and Mr. Plaia, who manages a restaurant in Manhasset, on Long Island .
Reception: Feb. 5, 2 to 4 p.m.
After years of playing up their higher-priced offerings, advertisers like Procter & Gamble and SABMiller are aiming campaigns at budget-minded shoppers -- who, in these days of high prices for homes, gas, oil and gasoline, may be just about everyone who is not on the Forbes 400.
"Pain is a common symptom in patients nearing the end of life," with up to "77 percent of patients suffering unrelieved, pronounced pain during the last year of life," Dr. Timothy J. Moynihan wrote in The Mayo Clinic Proceedings in 2003.
It was scheduled to close on March 12.
HGH doesn't necessarily increase strength, however, and can raise the risk of diabetes and cause swelling, carpal tunnel syndrome and muscle pain.
She tells you that if you'd like to call him right now (using Skype), press 1.
usually requires more credits, sometimes twice the number needed for an M.A.
Our deepest sympathy to her husband Jack and her family.
It's 10458, in the Bronx.
The book begins in the dark days of March 1933, with a vivid depiction of an American financial system close to collapse.
"Come here, girl," he coaxes, whistling.
The voters elect trial judges, but the governor appoints judges to the appellate courts.
But he said he remained unconvinced that the industry's fundamentals had improved.
"Such equipment was not available in the region, and certainly not in Iraq," she said.
Mr. Havadtoy buys much of his antique lace for his paintings at Anna Antikvitas, at Falk Miksa 18-20, which also sells table and bed linens and other vintage fabrics.
One of the pleasures of reading Egremont is the reminder that once upon a time, people really did live like this.
Ten of the 12 teams have lost at least once, with only Slovakia and Finland remaining undefeated.
Isn't that why we're here?"
My love is Brooklyn and the Bronx.
The producer of the program later said that, in response, " 'PD Notebook' was treated like a Judas who sold off Jesus Christ."
"Now you have to scramble around and try to find the best possible situation to get the two core classes he needs to qualify."
DuPont's optimism has other chemical industry executives scratching their heads.
The best dish at Las Ramblas is a special — though one the restaurant seems to offer fairly consistently — of huge langoustines ($16), dusted in pimentón, cooked in Cava and vinegar and served sizzling hot in an earthenware dish.
This must be some sly sendup, maybe a belated payback for Monty Python's cheeky "Life of Brian."
The plea agreement said that Mr. Wade hired Mr. Rich's son at MZM and that Mr. Rich, while still working for the Army, helped the firm get Defense Department work.
45-550 Kionaole Road, Kaneohe; (808)236-4653.
Monday through Thursday, 9 a.m. to 9 p.m.; Saturday, 9:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. Great Neck Art Center, 113 Middle Neck Road.
William E. Gordon, the Cornell professor who came up with the idea for the observatory in the 1950's, proposed a whopper: a bowl 1,000 feet in diameter.
It is five years later and Bozeman, 23, is still at U.C.L.A.
But, the sheriff said, after checking deeds at the county courthouse, he talked to the presumed sellers, who were in California, and was told the property had been sold to other buyers.
About 43,000 able-bodied adults without dependents now use food stamps, and the waiver would have made about 13,900 more such adults eligible, according to city estimates.
The packet to new mothers includes a letter (in English, Spanish, Chinese and Urdu) from Thomas R. Frieden, the health commissioner, that begins, "Congratulations on your new baby!"
Some people felt sorry for Giants quarterback Eli Manning on Sunday as he struggled against the Panthers, who rolled to a 23-0 victory.
Ben: You make me sound like I'm the enemy.
agents investigating the killings, and she testified before a federal grand jury.
2 orange state, California, was 46 million boxes, a 20 percent drop from last year, amid declining acreage and a long and wet spring.
The real question is whether Mr. Pataki and his Republican colleagues in the State Senate are willing to cede enough money to do the job.
“I’m on the medical ethics committee at Penn,” he said, “and I still don’t see there having been anything wrong with what we were doing.” From 1951 to 1974, several federal agencies and more than 30 companies used Holmesburg for experiments, mostly under the auspices of the University of Pennsylvania, which had built laboratories at the prison.
agents could benefit from the collected pool of tips.
Israel, and especially and paradoxically, its large moderate left and center, is in the grip of a great sadness.
A stick-on mural of classic tropicalist images orchestrated by the Brazilian-born artist Assume Vivid Astro Focus generates a celebratory energy.
And mutual funds, which like to diversify among scores of holdings, are reluctant to use a large chunk of their cash to build up a significant stake in a single company -- a prerequisite for forcing changes.
"Unlike pilots," Dr. Britto said, "doctors don't go down with their planes."
The columnist Jim Qwilleran and his cats investigate the mysterious death of a wealthy couple.
And while it is what is inside the caves that these days attracts most interest — and controversy, since, within, there are memorably beautiful mural paintings and images fully 2,000 years old and more — the simple, most astonishing fact remains that these caves are, in the very truest sense, and just as the captain suspected, entirely human constructions.
It tells four distinct stories, disclosing bit by bit the chronology and causality that link them and making much of the linguistic, cultural and geographical distances among the characters.
One way is from prize money.
End of Freeman Alley, off Rivington Street, between the Bowery and Chrystie Street, Lower East Side; (212) 420-0012.
“And there hasn’t been any significant change.” Cedar Grove is the base camp for still quieter realms in the vast expanse of mountain wilderness past Road’s End, the place where Highway 180 comes to an abrupt stop.
Mr. Yaron was only its second chief executive.
In her later years, her good health and extraordinary energy allowed her to lead an active life, surrounded by friends of all ages.
Even when I was established, I felt like still saying, 'I wish I could be that good.'
Information: (732) 932-7237 or www.zimmerlimuseum.rutgers.edu.
When Mr. Burkle pressed Mr. Stern to explain how this would work, Mr. Stern at first cited a few examples involving Mr. Johnson, saying that his boss had a "script deal" with Mr. Weinstein -- something the movie executive denied yesterday.
LOCATION -- In Puget Sound, 17 miles from Seattle.
The columnist Jim Qwilleran and his cats probe the mysterious death of a wealthy couple.
Ms. Slanski, 41, is keeping her name.
Park City, Utah, has become a sprawling hive in the Wasatch Mountains as builders have clustered houses miles out from the center.
The building has also been renamed, to the Sheffield57, both because of its address, on 57th Street near Eighth Avenue, and because of its new 57-story status, according to Ramona Mahtani, director of sales at the building.
The Department of Housing and Urban Development defended the program’s performance, and said that spending had increased since the accountability office’s report.
Katrina Overwhelms Flood Insurance Program The federal flood insurance program has been run deeply into the red by about $23 billion in claims from policyholders even as it has failed to help most victims of Hurricane Katrina.
Her father, who is retired, worked in Cranbury, N.J., as a manager of corporate communications in the chemical division of Rhône-Poulenc.
Evils do not grow out of manageable defects in the environment that can be neatly fixed.
The plans belong to the owner."
One of them, “Different but the Same” (Hat Hut), provided a compelling starting point for Mr. Liebman’s belated 60th birthday celebration at Birdland this week.
Died of complications arising from pancreatic cancer on August 11th, in Bronxville, NY.
Sassoon himself spent much of the last half of his life writing three heavily autobiographical quasi-novels and three volumes of memoirs, the most famous of which, "Memoirs of a Fox-Hunting Man," is the foundation of his literary reputation today.
It was three months too soon for the baby.
Several explanations exist for why a strict diet, low in calories but high in nutrients, may slow aging.
Her mother retired as a lawyer in Riverhead, N.Y.
Instead of accounting for each variation, it would require restaurants to post “the median core content for all flavors or varieties,” but health officials declined to explain exactly what that would mean.
He says he was transformed by the experience, suddenly emboldened to speak his mind on all sorts of topics, from advice to the lovelorn to peace in Darfur .
8, Dixon Place, 258 Bowery, between Houston and Prince Streets, Lower East Side, (212) 219-0736 or www.dixonplace.org; $12 or T.D.F.
The only dry thing was the cigarette dangling from his lips.
A revised opening, “Sleighride,” with the dancers in tawny reindeer costumes and glistening antlers, gets the show off, literally, to a flying start that takes Santa soaring out of his snowy forest realm (thanks to that new screen) to Manhattan, where 3-D animation, including colorful Christmas packages and ornaments, accompanies a swooping reindeer-powered sleigh ride up the Hudson, over the Battery and up and down Manhattan’s canyons to the doors of Radio City.
She does everything on her own."
The direction of Ms. Faccio's research, though, was motivated by one billionaire in particular.
The fried calamari were better than average -- crisp, not too greasy, their blandness redeemed by a sweet-hot dipping sauce.
So it should surprise absolutely no one that this spring's vestal whites appear to be inspired not by 19th-century brides but by early-20th-century prostitutes.
The group was accompanied by a Swiss psychotherapist, as well as by a team of Tunisian guides with pack camels.
"All in the day's work," she said.
" Mrs. Schacher's husband has been at Delphi for 31 years, 24 of those at General Motors before G.M.
Rather, it has an interesting dry-and-sweet interplay that provokes and satisfies the taste buds while caressing the palate.
Mr. Kalikow said the settlement "makes a very good beginning" at addressing the rising costs of benefits.
KUEHNS -- Bonnie Jean, passed away on Sunday, March 19.
"I've been called so many names and been written off by so many people who just say, 'Whatever happened to this guy?'
Photo: Jack Nicklaus posed yesterday with a Capitol Hill intern, Logan Liles, 19, of Zebulon, N.C., before Mr. Nicklaus testified at a House hearing on adding character-building programs to school curriculums.
Craig Rolling, a Stats research analyst who contributes metrics to N.F.L.
To be able to play hockey well is not enough.
He also deserves accolades for keeping Wikipedia operating without the intrusion of advertising, at least so far.
By 2002, the financial services giant Fiserv had bought Case Shiller Weiss.
During her career with Eisner she was an integral part of our personal financial planning, tax, and legal support services departments.
Since then, the stock has fallen.
That gave AOL an imputed value of $20 billion -- not bad for a business that some analysts said was worth zip two years ago.
Apparently they have never spent much time here.
There’s less of his signature omniscience here — a style that not only reflected his proximity to power, but captured the self-confidence of the Washington Establishment.
The chairman and chief executive, Gerard J. Arpey, did not take part in the plan.
Thin slices of tuna tataki -- edged with black pepper and draped on crisp crackers -- are very good.
The state's lobbying commission should set a limit of $75 per year on gifts from a lobbyist to a legislator, but legislators would do better to ban all but token gifts altogether.
But that still left open the possibility that he had gotten the cloning technique to work to some degree, as he wrote in the report first announcing his success in an earlier article of March 2004.
Faith, in whatever form it takes, Dr. Alcock said, can provide great comfort, even a sense of empowerment.
In 1987, prosecutors said, Mr. DeVecchio provided information that led to the killing of a Colombo soldier, Joseph DeDomenico.
Preservationists say the post office has an obligation to do more than sell air rights to the highest bidder.
Resolution She directed the patient to stop taking all his vitamins and sent off blood for a copper-level test.
This marzipan metropolis astride the Danube played host to a nonstop round of celebrations, concerts, lectures, readings, film showings, museum openings and multimedia extravaganzas.
Devoted father of Katherine, Jonathan and Laurie.
In recent months more homes have fallen out of escrow because, among other reasons, more buyers have failed to qualify for financing.
The closely watched ratio measures the cost of providing service to the amount paid for the service.
demand for records in a counterterrorism investigation.
"Sexual segregation and aggression enveloped a public space that for generations had been an oasis of integration, in a neighborhood where the spectacle of the crowd was the street's big thrill.
Its smothering defense had kept Maryland out of its usual free-flowing offensive game.
Brokers: Prudential Rand; Coldwell Banker New City.
“I can tear an apple apart, sort of animal-like,” said Mr. Nickerson, who measures the progress of his treatments according to increased jaw opening.
Mass of Christian Burial Wednes.
"You don't see that all the time."
WAIT ’TIL NEXT YEAR The Saga of the Chicago Cubs HBO, tonight at 10, Eastern and Pacific times; 9, Central time.
"You don't think of drosophila in that way," Stamps told me.
By all rights, this should be the season for Georges Rouault, the season being not only Lent, appropriate as that may be for such an intensely Christian artist, but also a time when art is not shy about stark and biting images of poverty, war, natural disasters, despondent outcasts and smug rulers.
“You may ask, ‘Why should these decisions go unquestioned?’ The reason is plain and simple: The First Amendment protects a church’s right to freely exercise its religion,” said Evan C. Rudert, a lawyer for the university.
The other companies are expected to commit to the program as well.
In an effort to recast itself, the magazine moved steadily onto the Web with blogs of its own, articles and occasional newsbreaks.
MORNINGSTAR'S caution about its system is reflected in the funds that its analysts choose as their favorites.
As a share of national income, workers' wages and salaries are 2 percentage points below where they were in 2000.
And now, through Jan. 29, “The Movement of Images” examines the impact of cinema on 20th-century art.
That summer, at 19, he was the youngest player to appear in an All-Star Game.
They might have stumbled on the quintessential Neapolitan pizza, or an extraordinary linguine with clams at a hole in the wall in Rome, or the best farinata in Genoa.
He added that both he and several colleagues were convinced that they could be properly trained without following all of the society’s recommendations.
Now, this may seem an invasion of personal choice or another step toward a nanny state.
Consumers who plan to use their system in the dark will have to decide whether to get a low-light or no-light system.
The Bagus Gran Cyber Cafés are Tokyo's grand temples of infomania.
The gap showed, with the Ridgefield bowlers producing several gutter balls and some scores below 100.
Staged by Dudley Saunders with downtown minimalism, “Tale of 2Cities,” composed mostly of monologues, examines the titanic (and traumatic) effects of the Dodgers’ leaving Brooklyn.
The woman who runs the front of the house is charming and accessible as well as something of a character; clearly a pro in the restaurant business, she does a terrific job of bridging Japanese cuisine to American culture, in her patience and willingness to translate and in her enjoyment of relating.
You have a suited male, face unseen, rendered in black and white.
As a result, Mr. Daniels recently announced that he was forming a committee that would include students, parents, teachers, elderly members, a coach and the athletic director to make a final choice.
Sometimes he throws in a half-laughing dose of Utter Disbelief.
The statement was filed as part of Mr. Stolar's efforts to have Mr. Siraj's admissions suppressed.
“We definitely ‘fire’ clients that are uncoachable,” Mr. Allen said.
The United Nations estimates that today, H.I.V., the virus that causes AIDS, has infected more than 65 million people, 25 million of whom have died.
Robert T. Durand of the Navy.
(Johnson) * Studio Museum in Harlem: 'FREQUENCY,' Despite some marked unevenness, this display of new and recently emerged talent confirms the current vitality of black art, contemporary art and midsize New York museums.
They lost all five games.
"There's a sense that Universal may have let down the side initially, with the way they marketed the film and the release date," said Anne Thompson, the deputy movie editor and columnist for The Hollywood Reporter, of the studio's insistence on going early despite the filmmakers' doubts.
Yet other Chinese Muslim groups that might be expected to support the Uighurs have rarely done so.
Nassau County Museum of Art.
We are all for upstate development, but the more urgent questions have to do with public safety and whether lavishing resources on a place for warehousing a small subset of sex offenders -- rather than aggressively treating and keeping tabs on a far larger cohort of criminals -- will really make all of us safer, or just make it seem that way.
"It's still the right strategy.
"It is Anthony Shadid's rare achievement to have recorded and restored the voices of those most directly affected by the war in Iraq," Ben Macintyre wrote here.
That way, not only do areas of interest receive focused attention, but no effort is wasted.
Some never lost their luster.
Formally, the Bush administration has declared that it supports democratic change across the region, that the United States will no longer laud despots just because they back American policy.
AND then, both from conversations he heard while working on bikes or from snippets of television reports, he became interested in Mr. Desmedt, a cult figure in the cycle world and an artist in his own way.
But after the opening Ettore disappears, turning up just once more.
Thalidomide, now used to treat blood cancer, can be prescribed to women only if they promise either to avoid sex or to use two forms of birth control, and to have regular pregnancy tests.
At various points, manically, everything was happening at once.
It was far better than anything they had seen.
The designs of both seasoned creators and also their juniors, regardless of age, shared a tendency to skew old.
DuPont says that while the plant suffered damage, it did not leak any hazardous chemicals.
Bend pastries into a crescent shape and transfer them to baking sheets, about 1 1/2 inches apart.
Those advertisers "should have been falling over themselves to grab this unique bargain," Mr. Jarvis wrote.
"We'll be looking for sick and dead birds and doing diagnostics," she said.
The commander, Maj. Gen. Yahya Rahim-Safavi, also told the official Arabic-language Al Alam television that the Guards had thousands of troops trained for suicide missions in case Iran was threatened.
Activists, pointing to earlier official statements, say up to 2,500 damaged houses are threatened with demolition and have criticized the city for failing to contact their owners.
The only people really enjoying the cool air of the afternoon, she writes to her friend in New York, are the men on foot or horseback and the Indian girls who “swing up and down, and use their rebozos not to hide their faces but to enhance their eyes, and giggle and hug one another and cast slant eyes at passing boys.” So when Susan wants to sketch the market and fountain, she must be accompanied by Emelita and a maid.
Ms. Bare and Mr. Carvajal, who are both free on bail, recently moved out of the red-brick apartment building on Bainbridge near East 196th Street, a superintendent there said.
The archdiocese did not respond to a phone message seeking comment.
Elder Wills (tomorrow and Sunday at 2 p.m.); "Java Head" (1934), directed by J. Walter Ruben (tomorrow and Sunday at 4 p.m.).
If these predictions turn out to be true, within a generation only that space that has been legally protected or is totally unsuitable for development will remain open.
Schubert and Parker celebrate the funny elegance of the "Circus Polka" story.
Among them: “humble correspondent.” DICK & MARY: Dick Francis’ new novel, “Under Orders” (see No.
"A student here has been raped, don't you know that?
Op-Ed Contributor Steven Rattner is managing principal at the Quadrangle Group, a private investment firm.
Lachlan Murdoch was the heir apparent to Rupert Murdoch’s media-conglomerate throne until the two parted ways last year and the son left New York and returned to Australia.
“What more can happen?” she asked.
On his Web site ( neilyoung.com ), Mr. Young describes the recording as "a metal version of Phil Ochs and Bob Dylan.
You’ll also find many red oaks (their leaves turn — surprise!
Hitler would have seen a Viennese burgher (he despised the upper middle class) and probably would have identified Freud as a Jew as well.
All that data is attached in a file that uses an industry standard awkwardly known as the exchangeable image file format, or, more commonly, EXIF.
Last fall Mr. Anderson reopened the 11.75-acre, five-villa spread, complete with tennis court, swimming pool, spa, high-speed Internet and a view of the ocean that's worth the $495 a night.
Part of the rise in housing values since 2000 was justified given the fall in interest rates, but at this point the overall market value of housing has lost touch with economic reality.
Color can affect the value of a map.
“You should be happy,” he adds sarcastically.
“There is not one piece of consumer or enterprise technology that can run on thin-film battery technology,” said Carmi Levy, senior research analyst with Info-Tech Research Group in London, Ontario.
East Hampton's tax alone generated $20 million this year.
The Conservatives prefer granting direct allowances to families with small children while the opposition prefers the establishment of a national child-care program.
And the shareholders may well decide in October that they want the pill.
The other executives sued by Mr. Spitzer for their initial public offering profits were Philip F. Anschutz, former chairman of Qwest Communications; Bernard J. Ebbers, former WorldCom chief executive; Joseph P. Nacchio, former chief executive of Qwest who will be tried this year on insider trading charges in Denver; and Stephen Garofalo, chief executive of Metromedia Fiber Networks.
But one immense change separates us from the semantic battles of the mid-70’s, a change visible in the term “key word” itself, which is now most commonly used to describe computerized search requests.
All are priced about $600,000.
"I ate bread and sausage, but I got experience working for a world-class brand that everybody recognizes," she said.
Buffalo Bill's Wild West shows, most famously, translated quickly into national and European tours.
To this end, it pits the paintings against quantities of ephemera and some notable, bulkier historical props that sometimes bring the show to a halt in not entirely pleasant ways.
He earned a bachelor’s degree in political science from the University of California, Los Angeles.
To tune up the first generation of computer-controlled cars, drivers bought chips with new engine maps from a handful of tuning companies.
Some parents and educators see them as a backhanded attempt to divert resources to private institutions.
has downsized and righted itself over the past two years, but in the decade before, the leadership turnover was debilitating.
Oscar recognition, of course, reaches the public beyond the gate.
Employing a sly eunuch as go-between, the housemother sells Kalyani's services to a wealthy Brahmin on the other side of the river.
programs altogether, and many have limited students to taking three a year, fearing burnout and bad scores.
"I think maybe in a few years time people will be thinking more about jewelry too."
And around the basket at times, O'Bryant could not handle the 6-7 Falker.
But I hate doing it.
The massive bergs could crush drilling platforms like tinfoil, so oil companies monitor them and use miles-long ropes and tugboats to guide them around the platforms.
Each body monad was accompanied by a soul monad that coincidentally shared the same experiences.
The man who’s trustworthy, cheerful, courageous, a godsend in a crisis, reliable, loyal, downright normal, perfect for a death-defying jaunt, is a dull companion in print.
Five true-crime cases, including the long-unsolved killing of a former marine's estranged wife.
Ms. Bernard has been around a long time, and in her solo for herself, "Totally in Love" (dated as 1995-2006), she offered a valentine to her husband and family.
Except at a Mobil station in Lower Manhattan at Canal Street and 12th Avenue, where the free gas was truly free, and flowed out of the station with gusto.
But for its racial and economic breakdowns in Newark and elsewhere, it relied on data that left out group homes, including senior citizen buildings and college dorms.
This is a story about how ideology has taken over the law enforcement process."
The others are India, Pakistan and Nigeria.
The forecast for the No.
As she does, viewers may be concerned about manipulation on more than one front.
"Was it somebody who knew her?
But current proposals, he said, are "something we could implement more quickly, and that would significantly improve the existing system."
He said that Suffolk employs more nurses now than it did under the Gaffney administration, that the Social Services Department has the authority to hire more caseworkers whenever vacancies arise, and that there is no delay in authorizing other departments to hire workers.
Among the most endearing of her earlier characters is the eponymous tomcat of “Ginger.” As in “Hello Twins,” there’s plenty of breathing space around the images, which find the feline nestling with nearly life-size entitlement on each page, kindling the vivid spreads with his orange fur.
I may phone some of the finalists as well, to get more of a sense of them.
If B mode is used over a long period, the temperature of the image pickup device rises causing images with high ISO sensitivity to appear noisy and unevenly colored.” And so on.
She joined The Times in 1993 as a senior analyst to the chief financial officer.
Mass Monday, September 18, 10 AM, at the Church of our Savior, Park Ave. at 38 Street.
Mr. McGahern's own father, John, became a police officer after fighting with the I.R.A., and the family lived in police barracks for a time.
The Southold case, filed in October, is now before State Supreme Court Justice Arthur G. Pitts in Riverhead, who could rule as early as this month on the town's request for a preliminary injunction.
Her sentimental education does not proceed smoothly.
The city and the Drawing Center have yet to start formal discussions.
But the 7,675-seat arena appeared to be no more than half full for speedskating's answer to track's 100-meter dash, which did not sit well with Bonnie Blair, a four-time Olympian from the United States who was in the building.
He anticipated all our needs, had an encyclopedic knowledge of every dish on the menu and sometimes made delightful suggestions.
Devoted wife of the late Eugene Corenthal.
7:30 p.m., Dance Theater Workshop, 219 West 19th Street, Chelsea, (212) 924-0077; $25; $15 for students and 65+.
Bonds's 711th career homer was as dramatic a shot as fans will see in the first month of the season.
Putting him to work on the Camaro was a better decision.
The head of the embattled Newark Housing Authority said on Thursday that the agency’s plan to lay off nearly half of its workers was dictated by unprecedented federal cuts in public housing appropriations and a need to take corrective action to deal with past mismanagement.
This is absurd: a visit to BoingBoing might yield posts about iPod-shaped cakes and spaceship blueprints, but not pornography.
"They have no regard for life, neither ours nor their own.
Still, "Ugly Betty," "Shark" and "Brothers & Sisters" show promise as Top 20 programs.
He steps in front of the Chiefs' receiver and picks off the pass.
"He remembers details about that hunting bow that I don't even remember, and I'm an avid user of the same bow."
"It would not have nudity," she said, "and I don't think it would be called Playboy."
Jill was a tireless advocate for youth and an inspiring leader throughout her career.
A crooning baritone who at times echoes Dean Martin, he held his own with a pop quartet singing songs to which his patter lent an autobiographical spin.
It was the sound of death.
Will Curtis change his ways?
Mrs. Tuttle, who is now 95 and still living in the house, said that although she had never experienced any ghosts there herself, members of her family had.
He set out to see whether losing the gene would affect the blood-making stem cells.
The Detroit Free Press, which first reported the dispute on Wednesday, quoted Mr. Wegman as saying that his company had excluded marine liability insurance from its policy for Shoreline Cruises because Mr. Quirk declined it.
Furthermore, she said, nobody can believe anything the government says.
Now, real estate professionals say, Google is pressing its architect, Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, to speed up renovations so that the company can move its New York operations into the 74-year-old building by July.
His subject, 20th-century Swiss music, let him do what he said he would when he began his "Dialogues and Extensions" series: explore worthy music that isn't heard as frequently as it should or that at least deserves a second look.
Her parents are Iris and Gerald Hillman of Scarsdale, N.Y.
Even as we’re forcing them out, it seems, the elephants are going out of their way to put us, the keepers, in an ever more discomfiting place, challenging us to preserve someplace for them, the ones who in many ways seem to regard the matter of life and death more devoutly than we.
Do you need to hit every museum?
He was the founder of the Science, Technology and Medicine publisher The Humana Press, Inc. Born on August 23, 1938, in Oswego, New York, Mr. Lanigan earned a bachelor'S degree in chemistry from Le Moyne College, Syracuse, New York, and a master's degree in physical chemistry from St. John's University.
After hiring the former Cleveland defensive-line coach Andre Patterson last February, the Broncos spent March collecting Patterson's former starters -- four players who started on the Browns' defensive line in the 2004 opener, anchors of a team that went 4-12 and fired its coach.
Written and directed by James Bai, "Puzzlehead" maintains a delicious tension between narrative wildness and compositional discipline.
"It can make for difficult days in which you're difficult to work with.
I don't think Carnegie Hall's audience heard the piece at its best.
That's one lesson to take away from "Überpower," Josef Joffe's succinct, searching analysis of the United States and its new role in the post-cold-war world.
"If someone comes in and tells me I need a license and I'm selling something for someone else, and I don't do enough of that business, I'll quit," he said.
He came back to make a touchdown-saving tackle of receiver Eric Moulds.
It is time for the Popular Party to move ahead.
One subject that is sensitive with a lot of readers is the amount of space devoted to weddings.
So far, Iraqi leaders have responded only to deadlines -- a deadline to transfer authority to a provisional government, and a deadline to hold three elections.
Ms. Higgins's urban scenes refine the spray-can school of art, but they avoid the refinement associated with small, realistic paintings.
"If it doesn't meet the technical term of earmark, it would probably meet the public idea of one," said Pete Sepp, a vice president at the National Taxpayers Union, who is an ally of Mr. McCain in the fight for new rules.
Sportfive, whose main shareholders are Advent International, Goldman Sachs, Capital Partners and the RTL Group, is expected to have 2006 sales of 526 million euros, Lagardère said.
The mostly paved two-lane road passes a 16th-century waterfall-powered mill in Refrontolo and the Vini Tonon winery in Vittorio Veneto.
He will be missed by all who knew and loved him.
Some frequently taught newer titles also have steady sales.
IAC/InterActiveCorp, Barry Diller's Internet media conglomerate, said yesterday that its quarterly profit fell 31 percent on an earnings decline at the Home Shopping Network television channel and a softer market for its online mortgage business.
Behemoth cruise ships sit nosed up to its piers; casinos clang and jingle on the waterfront.
Camden, they discovered, was a perfect fit, with a spectacular harbor, restaurants that are open year-round and nearby theater.
Haimish, a Yiddish word, could best be defined as homey, a place where minor rules and formalities are relaxed in favor of an unspoken familiarity and sense of trust.
After 8 f3, if Black played 8 d5, then 9 ed Nd5 10 Nd5 Qd5 11 Qd5 Bd5 12 O-O-O would produce a superior endgame for White.
The trial of Mr. Lay and Mr. Skilling is expected to last at least three months.
A spokesman for the office, James Crum, said 1,636 projects of 2,265 originally under the office had been completed.
"I totally reject any suggestion that any political figure was being protected by anyone in my office," said Mr. Farmer, a political independent who worked for Govs.
The tiled wet rooms are hot, but nothing is quite so hot as the steam room.
"The stories will be reflective of the landscape," she said, like the Celtic folk tale "The Lad and the North Wind."
It was incomparable, and ranks among the lamented "lost foods" now that Mrs. Herbst's has gone the way of Rigo, Lichtman's, Paprikas Weiss and all the other Hungarian food stores and restaurants that used to grace New York City.
He didn't have much to say the other day about his appearance and the committee's job.
The area in front of the building on West State Street will be widened, in an effort to accommodate groups up to 500 that want to demonstrate at the building.
Most of the examples signal the gallery's longstanding and continuing commitment to abstraction.
The spirited musical numbers ("Everything's Bigger in Texas," "One Thing I Can Do Good," "Always Get My Man") by Mr. Jefferies and Paul L. Johnson are rife with double entendres.
"She was hovering and circling and then, finally, things got very quiet and she just started letting us know her feelings."
The observation was unfair as well as unkind, for Lardner's genius lay precisely in the depth of his cut — an apt measure of a Dostoyevsky or an Austen if not of Fitzgerald himself.
She graduated from the Fieldston School and Skidmore College.
Ambassador Ma'soum Marzouq, director of the Sudan department in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, wrote in the Sunday issue of the semiofficial newspaper Al Ahram, "I ask them, where else in the world are such events treated with such a measure of patience and wisdom?"
But there is more to explore before dinner.
But after his talent attracted the attention of Patrick Mouratoglou during Les Petit A's junior tournament in France, Mouratoglou invited Baghdatis to attend his academy.
"It's fun to cook this way.
He snagged the ball a split-second before it would have smacked Beltran, averting the sort of misfortune that seemed to follow Beltran quite regularly last season.
“Do you want me to send 18 million Poles to Siberia?” he asked.
For women, winning an Oscar can sometimes be more complicated.
Another was “Remington Steele,” with Pierce Brosnan and Stephanie Zimbalist.
Today, at the annual Citigroup shareholder meeting at Carnegie Hall, Mr. Weill, 73, will cross the stage and take his final bow as chairman.
Moses Teitelbaum, named for the 18th-century founder of the Satmar dynasty, Moshe Teitelbaum, was born into rabbinic royalty in Ujfeherto, in what is now eastern Hungary, on Nov. 17, 1914.
The Ferrari Enzo, named for the founder of the famed Italian sports car maker, is powered by a 6-liter V-12 engine that produces 660 horsepower.
I’m not at liberty to disclose the amount, but were that royalty obligation to go away, it would be a significant benefit.
The pact puts an end to a longstanding scholarly and legal dispute over the objects — including a renowned Greek vase known as the Euphronios krater, acquired by the Met in 1972, and a hoard of Hellenistic silver purchased in 1981 and 1982 — and could open what Italian officials hope will be a new phase of cooperation in countering the illicit antiquities market.
Then came another double, a wild pitch, two walks and, mercifully, a strikeout.
Despite the technological ingenuity of the device, it engendered considerable skepticism.
And so far, despite losses, investors continue to put money into the sector.
Being able to work from home, however, enabled the family to move sooner than they otherwise would have.
You can put a whole cow in them.
In some media quarters here, the arrests on Monday were billed as "the revenge of the establishment."
Dr. Stenstrom says he suspects that the problem and the insertion of ear tubes are declining now that infants are routinely immunized against pneumococcal bacteria, a common cause of ear infections.
Beloved brother of Madeline Lyons, sister Patricia Sullivan C.S.J., Daniel Sulllivan and Joan Reid.
“I don’t want to hear that scream again,” he says.
The unprecedented real estate boom of the last few years accelerated the trend nationwide as developers, wanting to get the most for their square footage, swooped into older neighborhoods, replaced dilapidated properties and sold the new larger houses at a profit.
In 23 years of polling by CBS, only once — in late 2005 — did a higher percentage of people say the country was on the wrong track.
Those insurers can be sure of collecting 100 percent of the premium from the government for the lowest-income enrollees, and they are paid on a sliding scale if the enrollees are eligible for other state assistance.
The design by a young artist named A. J. Bocchino is especially striking.
Mastercard and Converse have successfully experimented with user-generated content.
January was tied for the fourth warmest since 1870, when records were first kept in Central Park.
"I feel nervous when I'm not in New York City," he said.
"There was never any doubt in my mind, from the day he got here, that he was going to be a head coach and be a successful one," Ernie Accorsi, the Giants' general manager, said Wednesday.
Surrogate cases rarely make news, but in Judge Brewster's court there were exceptions: Jean Harris, who was convicted of murdering Dr. Herman Tarnower, also known as the Scarsdale Diet doctor, renounced her claim to the $220,000 Dr. Tarnower had left to her in his will.
"There are three questions a concert organizer will ask when you want to perform a contemporary music composition," she said.
Mr. LaValle said he expected his bill to meet with opposition.
He is also the chairman of the trustees of the Noguchi Museum in Long Island City, Queens.
Rappers like Jay-Z customarily release a cappella versions of their rhymes, a clear invitation for disc jockeys and producers to work up their own new tracks.
The oyster, that great class leveler, made Downing an admired, influential and wealthy man.
(Probably swiped by some kids.
Her father, who retired as a manager of international research at Exxon in Linden, N.J., owns SciTech Consulting, which specializes in petrochemical research planning and new product development.
Ms. Brueggemann, who had supported Ms. Fernandes, wrote in a message posted Wednesday on the university’s Web site that her personal life and work had suffered since May, when she became the board’s chairwoman.
After that they'll spend another day flying to Tunica for the World Poker Tour event at the Gold Strike (Jan. 19 to Jan. 23) and the World Series of Poker Circuit event (Jan. 24 to Jan. 27).
"We really need to ask what kind of community it will be if there aren't adequate services," he said.
Mr. Bocklet, a former vice chairman of the exchange, testified differently in his deposition.
Mr. Hecht did tell reporters after the hearing that he "wouldn't touch" works he suspected came from a clandestine dig.
Yves Saint Laurent approached last year's event as a tribute to the company's new creative director, Stefano Pilati.
John S. Keating from Sun Prairie, Wis., left, with his friend Eric Glaser from Sacramento, Calif., at the Tree of Life, which has an unknown source of water.
Every day she sees young patients with the disease, and, more important, every day they see her -- vibrant evidence that they can become more than they may have thought they could be.
Like others, Mr. Butts said he preferred drug treatment to a house of detention.
The Federal District Court in Burlington upheld the contribution limits but struck down the spending limits under the Supreme Court's leading precedent on the subject, Buckley v. Valeo, from 1976.
Tama Janowitz's AREA CODE 212: New York Days, New York Nights (St. Martin's Griffin, $14.95), offers touching sketches of family life and the social scene in New York.
Senator Russell Feingold has simply cut the Gordian knot: Put the administration's criminality up to a vote, and see who stands with crime and who stands with the Constitution.
In recent years, he has portrayed Pope John Paul II, Howard Cosell and Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
“I’m not going to deny infrastructure is bad,” said Surinder Kapur, Sona’s chairman and managing director.
Christa McAuliffe Intermediate School, which serves gifted students, consistently scores well above city averages.
It is now approaching 150 days, Mr. Miller estimated, adding that he thinks that a lot of the inventory is overpriced.
How Mr. Kuss lured Mr. Marsalis to the cold of Connecticut from his home in North Carolina speaks chapters about their growing friendship and Mr. Marsalis's commitment to regional orchestras vying for recognition and money.
Neither Cordero nor any of the Nationals' other pitchers, though, could overcome the league's puniest offense.
A leading theorist, Rosenkranz has always been fascinated by bidding.
Strangely, the rear seat of the Quab Cab was not tested for side impacts even though it is popular as a five-passenger vehicle.
You certainly can live for less -- or for far more.
Go to the swimming hole.
The report, which was broadcast on state television, also found that Mr. Niyazov, who was 66, suffered from chronic heart disease, high blood pressure and clogged arteries.
Earnest and still sweet-faced, Mr. Savage chatted in the suite of his Midtown hotel while on a publicity tour.
The Spirit of Christmas Past (Johanna Morrison) arrives in a sleigh, escorted by a group of children beautifully dressed in red.
Our hearts are full of love.
of different countries," he said, and higher for private doctors than to public clinics.
Dr. Schwartz's strength in presenting her views, and her openness to new ideas widened the scope of the Institute, which grew from a handful of candidates and clients to an institution with eight divisions consisting of 300 trainees, therapists, faculty, supervisors and administrators.
As of yesterday, CW executives said, 370 entries had been registered, a strong response, considering that it took more than 10 weeks for the Doritos contest to accumulate its entries.
Labor Leader Calls for Universal Health Insurance The A.F.L.-C.I.O.
Well-known living artists that have sprung from this tradition include Harry Jackson , Howard Terpning and Henry Casselli .
Services will be held on Friday, 12:00 noon at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 21 W. Broad St., Mt.
While Hamas, which won a sweeping victory in January's election, can appoint cabinet ministers, the Palestinian Authority and particularly the security services were a vast patronage machine for Fatah, and its bureaucracy is now largely staffed by Fatah loyalists.
The download-to-own formats from Amazon.com, Movielink and CinemaNow use Microsoft rights management, so that the right combination of PC, software and media receiver (like an Xbox) would let you watch PC-downloaded movies on your TV.
To prevent failures on the track, racers began testing the engines on dynamometers, machines designed to absorb and measure power.
A vague discontent is seen, however, in another daughter, Mabel (Farah Alvin), who has inadvertently been born with a brain, which she exercises regularly.
and add toppings, there is a set roster of pizzas at Adrienne's at night.
The magazine takes its title from Woody Creek, the Colorado community where the Thompson property is, and Ms. Thompson said it was intended to celebrate the oddities and richness of the locale.
Disney argued that it had paid Abilene Music for permission to use the song, without knowing its origins.
Greene was author of the books Free Enterprise without Poverty (Norton, 1981), The National Tax Rebate: A New America with Less Government (Regnery, 1998), and Inventorship: The Art of Innovation (Wiley, 2001).
Rabbi Arthur Schneier, Park East Day School, mourns the death of Claudine Belmont who with her husband, Francis, have been Benefactors of Education and generous supporters of our scholarship fund.
Last August, an Army National Guard reservist assigned to Reagan National Airport in the months after 9/11 was sentenced to eight years in prison for stealing almost 1,000 suitcases — primarily black ones with wheels — off carousels at Washington-area airports.
Tuesday at 2 p.m. Public Library, 4 Glen Cove Avenue.
"This was a good week for us," Pittsburgh Coach Jamie Dixon said.
"This right for us is not dependent on the financial contributions of member states to the budget of this organization."
He let Pavano complete the inning, but will rein him in for now.
Latin American Movies and Dinner Suba, 109 Ludlow Street (Delancey Street) on the Lower East Side, will show movies by Latin American filmmakers on Mondays at 8:30 p.m., with dinner seatings at 7:30 and 8 p.m.
If any Broadway theater was made for a revival of Brecht's classic, it's the cabaret-style Studio 54, which is host to an intriguing cast that includes Alan Cumming and Cyndi Lauper (2:40).
Before you know it dishes and chairs rock, a cuckoo clock comes alive, and "sleepy boy" and the cat in the corner awaken to take in the after-midnight party.
As the study notes, the Defense Department recently put the "burn rate" -- a term for the sums being spent -- for Iraq and Afghanistan at $6.8 billion a month.
A spokeswoman for Disney did not return calls seeking comment.
The bride’s father is the director of new business development and construction at National RE/Sources, a real estate development company in Greenwich, Conn.
A rule of automatic retrial, he said, amounts to "forcing society to bear the costs of a retrial even when there is no reasonable probability that another lawyer would have made a difference."
It should be him going, not me.
and I'm going to give you the same response."
She missed her self-imposed homecoming deadline.
The children were also examined for allergies to various foods and other substances using a skin-prick test.
Jean-Yves Camus, a political scientist who has extensively studied racism and anti-Semitism in Europe, said that while politicians and religious leaders had been slow to react publicly, many Jews were convinced that the crime stemmed from anti-Semitism because of the hostility and harassment that they faced in their own lives.
— the skull neatly encapsulates a cultural moment in terms both precise and vague.
Mr. Paracha was arrested in March 2003 and faced up to 75 years in prison after being convicted on five charges, including conspiracy to provide and providing material support to Al Qaeda and identification-document fraud for the purpose of engaging in international terrorism.
West won with his king and shifted to the club four, East winning with his ace.
Mr. Berloni, who has 25 animals on his farm and represents 700 others, said that after he finds work for his clients, he puts them up in comfortable quarters near their jobs to ensure they are happy, well-fed and energetic before taking to the stage or working in front of a camera.
Its designers, or perhaps its lawyers, stopped short of copying one particular bit of Motorola's design: the Razr's top is shorter than the bottom, so it nestles against a raised bottom lip when closed.)
Whatever other problems a veteran may have -- alcohol abuse, erratic employment, domestic violence -- are seen as a product of the war experience.
"I want to go find my folks somewhere," he said.
Rental car companies are required to provide the minimum level of liability insurance required by states.
He produced a number of variations — in oils and graphic art — on this theme, haunting evocations of the dying days of his older sister, Sophie, felled at age 15 by tuberculosis, which had earlier killed their mother.
Norah-as-Ned commits to it for eight months, becoming the weak link on a four-man team of working-class white men.
Share the results with your class.
But suddenly, this outside force was saying, 'Not only are you worth it, but we want you to continue for decades doing this.'
Would you support the use of an RFID as it relates to your topic?
In 2001, ESPN bought the Bassmaster franchise for about $40 million, convinced it could become the next Nascar.
Student housing is wretched (Mr. Pomfret shares a small dorm room with seven men), the bathrooms are unspeakable, and the climate of repression, both political and sexual, is stifling.
To be sure, pork-barrel spending is only a sliver of the state's $112.8 billion budget.
Meanwhile, Ms. Smith said, one of her high school teachers pursued her relentlessly, and her parents did not intervene.
The most infantile and nostalgic of the five, Mike is a menace who keeps hounding his ex- girlfriend Jen (Jessica Capshaw) to take him back until her younger brother steps in.
At the Dayton talks of 1995, which ended the Bosnian war, he was still an accepted interlocutor.
So the game provided an opportunity for the Nets to size themselves up against a team that might later stand in their path.
But in Peque, many residents doubt that government help will come.
-What are some of the big issues facing this position (or its office)?
On family trips, taken in conjunction with the museum's Discovery Tours, which Mr. Quinn has led, Claire has swum with sharks and was parasitized two years ago by a botfly, which required surgical removal.
(His founding partner and fellow saxophonist, Aaron Ali Shaikh, led a group of his own on Saturday.)
If the information provided by Microsoft does not satisfy the order, the company will face a fine of 3 million euros a day, backdated to July, Mr. Todd said.
“And that’s the problem.” Indeed, expectations of just how wondrous the ever-shrinking American vacation should be have been ratcheted up to levels usually reserved for New Year’s Eve.
Once locked around Mars, the craft will go through a seven-month period of dipping in and out of the atmosphere to drain off energy and slowly lower itself into a working orbit about 200 miles above the surface.
But the doctors who recommend growth hormone tend to ignore an editorial that ran in the same issue of The Journal and that warned about the use of H.G.H.
With Mr. Wedlick in the lead, they spread out around the pond, photographing the two existing outbuildings: one, a large open-air pavilion with a stone fireplace on the north side of the house; the other, a little guest cottage on the far side of the pond, with what looked like the pipes for a bathroom.
AFTER reading "Don't Mess With CEO Pay," in the current issue of Across the Board, you might be tempted to organize a bake sale or car wash to give the big boss a raise.
Companies are finding that getting those personalized recommendations right -- or even close -- can mean significantly higher sales.
It is best to check the days and hours.
Dear sister of Dennis and David Hult.
"There are several reasons, but the one that matters most is I just really feel it's time," said Bailey, 48, on a conference call.
Having siphoned off some of his loan money to pay for a print of his film "Let the Church Say Amen," about a Washington storefront church, which was screened at the Sundance Film Festival in 2004, Mr. Petersen was approaching pennilessness, with the house nowhere near completion.
Similarly, when Heidi and some friends crash a work event and endanger Lauren's job, she briskly accommodates them and then adroitly distracts and sweet-talks one of the Teen Vogue heavies.
A government push to drive rebels from the region could endanger those civilians, the rights group said.
taillights, a rear spoiler, new alloy wheels and heated outside mirrors with built-in turn signals.
That's what local pasta joints are for.
And these are the same defensive players who harassed quarterback Donovan McNabb at Philadelphia in the National Football Conference championship game, including defensive ends Julius Peppers and Mike Rucker and linebackers Dan Morgan and Will Witherspoon.
And they are reaping the bulk of profits from the trade.
Holidays like Easter were about church, hunting for eggs and pot-luck buffets.
Devoted mother of Meredith and son Jason.
There is a false belief that composers in the outside world have a bigger perspective.
The film shows one middle-aged man balking after hearing what he thinks is the subject howling in pain (in reality it is a recording), but many more — about 60 percent — keep increasing the pain levels under calm but firm instruction from the experimenter, "Continue, please."
Each expected to do something important and each, at 30, is still struggling to make something of him- or herself.
The Democratic Unionists came close to reaching an accord with Sinn Fein in December 2004, but it failed when the I.R.A.
AMES--Harold S. Dearest Harold, every day in the past year since you left us, we have celebrated yourlife--and everything you have taught us by just being you.
She found the covers of the handmade sheepskin albums were backed by pulverized rope fiber, which is impervious to worms.
SIGHTS AND ACTIVITIES “Eyewitness Travel: Mexico” (DK Publishing, $25) and “Lonely Planet Mexico” (Lonely Planet, $27) provide an excellent overview of Guanajuato’s attractions.
Funeral services will be held on Thursday May 4 at 11:30am at Weinstein - Garlick - Kirschen baum, 1153 Coney Island Ave. Brooklyn.
I have the same question."
I quickly concluded that the new on-screen menu system makes the old DVD-menu system look confusing and crude in comparison.
April 23 at 2 p.m. Free.
For example, in Salmon Says (pun intended; this is SpongeBob), your child must decide whether to move depending on the commands.
We found not only a self-guided tour explaining the process of making pig iron, but an iron pour and a workshop for metal artists, a wine tasting and Shakespeare at Sloss, a staging of scenes that made good use of the leaky passageways and industrial furniture.
In the first quarter of 2006, 950,000 square feet of space has already been leased.
They also vowed to take their anger to the streets, setting a date of March 25 for what would turn out to be the largest protest in recent weeks, more than 500,000 people in downtown Los Angeles, and promising months of other demonstrations.
The institutions "now see commercial real estate as an important asset class and are increasing their asset allocation," relative to stocks and bonds, said Michael J.
But when South led the diamond ace, East ruffed, grasping his opportunity to score an "impossible" trump trick.
"The value of companies he controls directly goes up, but the value of other companies in the group tends to go down," she said.
But he should have continued with three hearts.
Economic greed and insecure women are such a potent combination that plastic surgery now rivals, economically, the far less disingenuous, much-criticized pornography industry.
Gone were the nausea-inducing hairpin turns and perilous rock slides that I’d experienced on the old, unpaved road back in 1993.
But I hear their idea of a long-term loan is only four years, which I suppose will be up for negotiation.
CHICAGO CUBS--Traded OF Josh Hamilton to Cincinnati for cash.
Now Republican rhetoric emphasizes how alien immigrant culture is; how slowly the Mexicans assimilate, if at all; how much disorder and strain their presence creates.
We had no idea, really, because all the guidebooks we had consulted heaped praise on the schools on our itinerary, failing to mention negatives — like crumbling concrete steps, leaky classroom ceilings or a pervasive smell of rodents — that greet visitors upon arrival.
Johnson & Johnson also announced expanded duties for Joseph C. Scodari, the company's worldwide chairman for pharmaceuticals, who will have full responsibility for research and development.
Even when we suffer, we have joy."
Also next Friday, Christie's New York is selling more than 100 examples of Lalique glass from the collection of Tsuyoshi Kajikawa, an art dealer in Kyoto, Japan.
The current Iranian program produces enriched uranium on a small scale.
Indonesia is where some of the greatest ikat fabrics come from.
Writing for his colleagues in the Group Theater, Odets created an ensemble work in which there isn't a single vaguely defined role.
The 14 demands, he said, include a timetable for the withdrawal of American troops from Iraq; a postponement of any decision about creating autonomous federal regions; more action on releasing innocent detainees from Iraqi and American prisons; and a tough stand against Kurdish demands to repatriate Kurds to Kirkuk, an oil-producing city in the north.
The "burj," or tower in Arabic, is set to become the world's tallest skyscraper in 2008, looming more than 2,600 feet above a new neighborhood of offices and residential buildings.
But Ms. Viltz said many newcomers to ballet act as if they are in an exercise class.
Mr. Yari responded, "This lawsuit is a shameful misrepresentation of the facts concerning my partnership with Ms. Schulman and Mr.
Costco said in October that it had found certain “imprecisions” in its stock options practices, and had formed an options review committee.
The site’s mix of videos includes many clips from television shows and movies, often posted without a thought to who might own the copyright.
Rafael Medoff, director of the Wyman Institute, said that as a result of the petition, journalism faculties at the Universities of North Carolina, Georgia, Wisconsin and Montana had told him they were now researching how their schools responded to the plight of German Jewish refugee journalists.
Feb. 4 at 8 p.m. Tickets: $32 to $47.
Last Thursday, after Mr. Diomande and other members of his dance company performed at the Steadman Theater at Mansfield University, he collapsed and was taken to the nearby Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hospital in Wellsboro, Pa., with chills, fever and fluid in his lungs.
The DeLay brand of bare-knuckled triumphalism was clearly an enabling factor in the separate scandal that has prompted the indictment of two of his former lieutenants and his erstwhile ally, Jack Abramoff, the disgraced superlobbyist.
The basement has sleeping quarters, so visiting performers can stay over.
Another research tool was what is called Proto-Algonquian.
Benchmarks: Knows the levels of organization in living systems, including cells, tissues, organs, organ systems, whole organisms, and ecosystems, and the complementary nature of structure and function at each level; Knows that multicellular organisms have a variety of specialized cells, tissues, organs, and organ systems that perform specialized functions Science Standard 16- Understands the scientific enterprise.
“I would hesitate about the gay rights, and I am strongly pro-life myself,” she said.
As a finance minister, he recalled: "Everything was of a strategic nature, and a country couldn't do without it -- telecom, airlines.
Devoted mother of Robin C. Warren (Gary) and Stephen P. Cummings.
Caption information is provided below.
Tenet’s revenue has fallen since it disclosed in 2002 that it had used price increases to win higher payments for some of Medicare’s sickest patients.
The one thing that has to be kept out of the equation is politics, Mr. Maurstad said, "so that all communities can have confidence that they are being treated fairly."
Suzanne Patterson Center, behind Borough Hall, Routes 206 and 27.
By contrast, they said Republicans had been effective in trying to put Democrats on the defensive for being harsh, particularly after television shots showed Judge Alito's wife, Martha-Ann, crying and leaving the hearing room.
He reiterated that the next governor would have to find a way to bring jobs back to their part of the state, saying that he would seek to ease one of the thorns in the side of business — workers compensation costs — but he stopped short of offering specifics.
Ms. Finneran, likewise, is a game sport even if she doesn't possess the over-the-top comic instincts to exploit fully the silliness of Tina's cat-in-heat lustiness.
The production by the Moscow Classical Ballet, directed by Natalia Kasatkina and Vladimir Vasilyov, featured their choreography as well as sections based on Vasily Vainonen’s 1934 “Nutcracker” (including the major waltzes, the Mirliton Pas de Trois and the Prince’s variation in Act II).
Costa found himself stymied by the passive resistance.
Tommy Radalj, the company's director of marketing, said a new stretched-out generation of 50-passenger giants, arriving in the coming weeks, would bump up the excess with a private necking room, a karaoke machine and not one but two flat-screen televisions that show satellite programs.
Mount Nevis Hotel in the West Indies is offering a third night free after two paid nights through Dec. 15.
The show was organized by the Columbus Museum of Art and coordinated for Brooklyn by Charlotta Kotik, curator and chairman of the Brooklyn Museum's department of contemporary art.
Some critics say the plan is technically unworkable, unfairly undermines Apple and opens the door to more piracy by crippling technology that protects copyrights.
The slapping of their wings when something flushes them from the nest.
Juliet, whose owner said she was probably stricken with colic, was the second carriage horse to die this year.
Her passion for life, high energy, and her magnificent beauty will always be an inspiration for us for we were blessed to have known her.
One of those who would be affected by the proposed minimum wage increase in Ohio is Rick Cassara, owner of John Q's Steakhouse in downtown Cleveland.
Ms. Timbang asked again: "Have you found anybody.
While the proposed I.P.O.’s are small — they hope to raise a maximum of $200 million between them — they reflect the mounting buzz surrounding this plant-derived fuel.
The goal of a game should not be to make the player suffer all the time.
(Cotter) Whitney Museum of American Art: 'WHITNEY BIENNIAL 2006: DAY FOR NIGHT,' through May 28.
Friend, neighbor, and active Fellow of the Academy for over fifty years, he was proof of his own adage: "The spirit should never grow old."
Villagers pushed a police van and two government cars into a gully.
Our hearts go out to Lorin, Patti, Seth and Allison and the entire Silverman family.
Beef tenderloin, a cut that is frequently dull and flavorless, was exceptional, no less so for the big fat porcini mushroom served on top and the accompanying dish of roasted potatoes, omnipresent in this city but better here than elsewhere.
Finally he argues that Lincoln — a man of many moods, from the melancholic to the playful, from the philosophical to the irreverent — was a writer of enormous range: someone equally gifted at the comic and the elegiac, the vernacular and the magisterial, someone who could “do conciliation as convincingly as he could do confrontation.” Curiously, Mr. Wilson does not spend much time delving into the influence that Lincoln’s favorite writings — including Shakespeare’s plays and the Bible — had on his own work.
As a result, one of the top-selling female groups of all time has to content itself with moving merely a million and a half (so far) copies of its new CD.
At the time, Mr. Woodruff, fluent in Mandarin, was teaching American law to Chinese lawyers, and was hired by CBS News as a translator during its coverage of the crackdown at Tiananmen Square.
The court said that Markica Rebic, the former intelligence chief, provided the material that was published by Ivica Marijacic, the editor of the Hrvatski List newspaper in November 2004.
Visiting Thursday only, 2:00-4:00, 7:00-9:00 P.M.
What is irreconcilable in the death of these pigs—the contradiction between loss and abundance—is what is irreconcilable in life itself.
In her new novel, "Daniel Isn't Talking," the characters seem to be itching to get off the page and onto the set; layers of personality are sacrificed for plot expediency and straight-to-the-screen dialogue.
Steelers linebacker Joey Porter sacked Manning twice in three plays late in the fourth quarter because the Colts' offensive line thought Polamalu was coming up the middle.
Now he has the business cards to prove it.
Katie Uhlaender, who will be the only American woman in the event, is ranked fifth in the world.
(Last week, he said the tax cuts should be undone for those with income of more than $200,000.)
The locals all have their favorites, but everyone agrees that El Boliche Balderrama is unbeatable for pure history.
A more immediate goal is to improve upon a multitude of smaller therapies: transplantable valves for ailing hearts, cell-and-gel preparations for crushed nerves, injections of skeletal muscle cells for urinary continence or new salivary gland tissue to rescue radiation patients from dry mouth.
It is in the Elka Park area but outside the private community of the same name.
Only seven years after his encampment in Pueblo, Pike died at age 34 in the War of 1812, at the Battle of York in Ontario.
He would say he wasn't interested in the past and never kept anything.
Cessna will soon offer its Citation Mustang, with six seats and a bigger cabin than either the Eclipse 500 or the A-700.
HARTFORD, March 10 - When the chief of staff to Gov.
Jean Shin layers wool sweaters on a wall in a cuddly color spectrum, unraveling their yarn to suggest both a network of personal relationships and a spreading diaspora of parallel lives.
After enduring two days of talks in which the Templeton Foundation came under the gun as smudging the line between science and faith, Charles L. Harper Jr., its senior vice president, lashed back, denouncing what he called “pop conflict books” like Dr. Dawkins’s “God Delusion,” as “commercialized ideological scientism” — promoting for profit the philosophy that science has a monopoly on truth.
“Open Door” is billed as a “dance puppet music odyssey,” as good a description as any.
Peter Lim, former finance chief at the China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corporation, was sentenced to two years in prison for his part in a derivatives trading scandal that cost the company, China's biggest jet fuel importer, $550 million.
The next category includes state and local birth certificates and State Department documents issued to children born abroad to United States citizens.
When kindergarten came and they were separated, Ms. Schneider found they related more harmoniously in the evening than they had before.
North, ignoring his spade suit, responded with Gerber, and jumped to seven no-trump over the two-ace reply.
— PAVIA ROSATI Back to Article
But should you desire a taste of the sea come off-season, that may mean heading into Manhattan -- or trying your luck at one of the regional chains.
Shubert Theater, 247 College Street.
I am a walking magnet for fats, sugars, and useless carbos.
It is a commentary, if you like, on the evolution of architecture.” Architects like Nouvel contribute to that transformation.
said it was also freezing benefits that its executives had accrued under their supplemental pension plan.
His agency, which is creating the music campaign, is part of the Arnold Worldwide division of Havas, the agency of record for Southern Comfort.
The churches had sought to break away from Bishop Smith's authority because of his support for the 2003 election of Bishop V. Gene Robinson of New Hampshire, who is openly gay.
"Absent major problems," they wrote, "Iran will need roughly six months to one year to demonstrate successful operation" of its pilot operation.
In "Gone for Good," a raging fire has broken out in the corner of an otherwise ordinary living room.
Was there any controversy concerning the use of these subjects?
And under state law, town boards have great discretion in hiring lawyers.
The Antiques column in Weekend on Friday misstated the date of the Paris exposition that participants in the 1893 Chicago World's Columbian Exposition hoped to surpass.
That's why I'm soaking this all in.
Shortly after the surgery, he couldn't do a simple straight-leg raise (in which you recline on a table and raise one leg with your knee locked) because he was unable to tighten his quadriceps muscles.Jensen focused instead on exercises done in a pool, like running, straight-leg raises, hip abduction (lifting the leg to the side with the knee locked) and swimming.
For Ms. Ibrahim and other women, the hijab is the only attire they know, one they say they grow used to and do not see as overly restrictive, despite temperatures that routinely exceed 100 degrees.
Brokers: William Raveis; Realty Guild.
In keeping with her great sense of charitable responsibility donations can be made to the Cancer Center of Santa Barbara.
But the United States, which has long suspected that Iran is developing nuclear weapons, greeted the announcement with dismay and said it would work with the United Nations to deal with any potential threat.
And then a few years ago, as if a switch had been flipped, they all began converting their homes or building lodges from scratch.
Probably not, but there is a pair worth taking on your journey.
The Marcells' journey illustrates one surprising benefit from an otherwise terrible storm: the exodus took low-income families to areas richer in opportunity.
The wares include factory pins, Stalin ashtrays, Red Army dinnerware and, yes, rows of corn-shaped ornaments in faded silver and brass that were produced en masse as part of a propaganda drive in the early 1960's.
Services will be Tuesday, 11:15 am, at "The Riverside."
An article on March 12 about São Paulo misspelled the name of a Brazilian ingredient used at D.O.M., a restaurant that uses ingredients in creative ways.
Of Palm Beach and Madison, CT, passed away, December 28, 2005 at her home in Palm Beach.
The buyers in Westchester are not eclectic.
"She thought she would let the dog 'have a try' while she operated the accelerator and brake," the agency reported.
60 miles to work on a rush-hour-choked freeway is stupid."
A memorial service will be held at a later date.
Angela Gheorghiu, a high soprano, will sing Carmen, a mezzo role.
Although many major publishers are in Manhattan, Barron's corporate offices remain on Long Island.
Confronted with such vast expanses of lobby and hallway, the visitor's sense of scale quickly recalibrates, so that an enclosed area the size of a football field actually feels intimate.
Judge Carol E. Higbee of Superior Court in Atlantic City, granted Merck's motion for summary judgment, saying Edgar Lee Boyd, was unable to show he was hurt by Vioxx or by the company's alleged failure to warn of side effects.
Barcelona was the obvious choice."
Caption information is provided below.
The rooms are elegantly furnished.
But what, then, is the third way that Kadima could theoretically represent?
They said the foundation had refused to raise starting salaries, which have remained at $40 an hour for the last seven years.
There are several kinds of fine stationery.
Feb. 4 at 8 p.m. Tickets: $45 and $55.
" he said, adding, "That's when you'll start to hear the worries about sexual dysfunction and the like."
On Tuesday, Governor Pataki unveiled his 12th and final state budget proposal.
"I have a picture of Theo in a Red Sox cap standing next to his twin brother, Paul.
Inside, Ramil Mutukhov, a lanky 25-year-old, prepares to be pampered and preened, scrubbed and peeled — in a bath of pure crude oil.
"It was outstanding," Cliff Floyd said.
Some of the no-bid contracts, like his own, fell under the category of technical and professional services.
To answer that, Mr. Bush told his audience his story of Tal Afar, a city of 200,000 near the Syrian border that was a crucial base of operations for the Iraqi insurgent group Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia.
After the deaths of his brothers Harry and William, he continued to help guide that vision of devotion to care for the less fortunate, to assist the poor and vulnerable, the elderly, and the infirm.
While the chairmen of the law firms said the discussions were preliminary, they said in statements that given the possibilities of such a tie-up, holding talks made sense.
Dan Mayer, who buys pet books for Barnes & Noble, was enthusiastic about the book because, he said, it is "more of a memoir."
Inside, the rest of the students were eating turkey burgers on whole-wheat buns.
Long Island Less than $300,000 Rocky Point $212,500 38 Park Drive Number of bedrooms: 1 Number of full bathrooms: 1 Number of half bathrooms: 1 Weeks on market: 1 month 73-year-old Cape; eat-in kitchen, h/w floors, finished basement, den, patio, wood deck, 3 heating zones, nearby beach rights, 140-by-100-ft. lot; taxes $2,534; listed at $225,000.
NBC attracted 15.6 million for its Denver-New England game, its fewest so far.
As he has before, Mr. Hynes used yesterday's news conference to call for the legalization of sports betting.
In fact, Mr. Highmore recently shot a crucial scene in which he meets Mr. Rhys-Meyers's character and the two play dueling guitars, with Mr. Highmore slapping the instrument like a favorite drum.
Whether more data threatens blockbuster drugs or not, there are likely to be cases in which more information is likely to generate more prescriptions, more care and more health care spending.
The money will go to the Honors College.
The road curves again after a moment, but that glimpse of the harbor is all I need to clear my head of office preoccupations.
Environmentalists and lawyers for the states argue that the Clean Air Act compels the federal government to regulate carbon dioxide.
Customs officials should immediately ban shipments of Canadian trash to dumps in Michigan because border agents were not effectively screening for weapons or other smuggled goods, a bipartisan report by a Senate domestic security subcommittee said.
But Democrats crowed that they had forced the issue.
Abington Theater Arts Complex, 312 West 36th Street, (212) 868-4444; closing Sunday.
Not all 18-year-olds are ready to buckle down and study -- or to be tested on their own abroad.
Richards replied: "Got any ideas?"
All speak an oddly elevated language that invites both mockery and affection.
That in a way always has something to do with whatever he says."
In his opening statement, the Bosnian representative, Sakib Softic, said that the violence instigated by the Belgrade government in 1992 "destroyed the character of Bosnia and Herzegovina and certainly destroyed a substantial part of its non-Serb population."
If "everybody" doesn't have one now, it will happen soon.
Beethoven leaves behind a musical track record of unrelenting confrontations.
"He quickly goes back to the first phone.
Like parents, they do what needs to be done.
PAGE A14 $120 Billion Asked for Wars The Bush administration said it would ask Congress for an additional $120 billion to pay for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan through 2006.
The drug case in Las Vegas revived the government's desire to pursue a much bigger and much more gruesome case against the two men -- accusations that they had killed at least eight people for the mob.
After years of acting independently, five major marathons have formed a league called World Marathon Majors, offering a financial payoff at the end of the season.
His chapter "The Metaphysics of the Movie Image" is as enlightening as the book's earlier pages are undistinguished.
That will soon be forgotten if Owens returns to his Pro Bowl form in catching Drew Bledsoe's passes.
"Because of the nature of the record, it lends itself to interpretation."
Then there is the pesticide problem, the sewage and the steady decline in the water level, additional signs of an ailing ecosystem.
The other centers that opened took similar precautions.
Mr. Buzzetti, 34, tends to scout at the grass-roots level, a method that has resulted in a roster of young playwrights like David Lindsay-Abaire, Adam Rapp, Stephen Adly-Guirgis and the entire creative team of "Avenue Q."
Click the Congressional appropriations link on this page .
Chants of "over-rated" began in the student section and swept through the tiny gym before the game.
Glavine won his 277th career game, allowing an unearned run and walking one.
The shop is one of the very few downtown, and the only one open on Sundays.
That's been hard for us because it's not what we're accustomed to, but it also appeals to us tremendously."
Voters in a two-day nationwide referendum overwhelmingly rejected a proposal to change the Constitution and increase the powers of the prime minister and Italy's 20 regions.
Beatman Center, a state-ofthe-art services center in Riverdale.
And that's to say nothing of the sales of the INXS back catalog.
In the past, one could mildly suggest that Arena put up with Clint Mathis's antics, because of Clint's occasional offensive bursts, but Clint has vanished off the national team radar.
We wanted to be a little bit symbolic in this sense, after the reunification of Germany and the joining of East and West."
If there are three people in the country who read it and comment on it, we're in good shape."
He was a generous contributor and senior curator to the Boca Raton Art Museum in Florida.
HIDDEN LINKS ( 888) 364-3219; www.hiddenlinksgolf.com .
That greasy-haired kook in tech support?
The sale ended four generations of Chandler family control over the newspaper, beginning 1882, when Gen. Harrison Gray Otis, a Civil War veteran, bought part-ownership of it.
In the second, such DNA evidence exists and is exculpatory.
"We're in limbo now," he said.
(19-4, 9-2) stayed in first place and won at home versus Arizona (13-9, 6-5) for the first time in four years.
While the White House has yet to sign on, there are already signs that some Congressional leaders are interested in pursuing it; Mr. Baker said administration officials had not rejected it outright.
The police action seemed only to feed the protests, as about 200 people returned to the site to build makeshift barricades, heap piles of gravel and burn tires and an abandoned van on the road.
"Turning 50 is such a milestone," he said.
For 43 years Italians knew so little about Bernardo Provenzano, the boss of all bosses of the Sicilian Mafia who had eluded authorities all that time, that investigators nicknamed him "the phantom."
(When Mr. Dick submitted a cut of this film, it was slapped with an NC-17, an unsurprising outcome that led to some hilarious, Kafkaesque telephone conversations between him and Joan Graves, the chairwoman of the ratings board.
At one Omni hotel, where mochaccino smells were tested, sales in the coffee shop soared.
Since 2002, when dozens of employees left PayPal after it was bought by eBay for $1.5 billion, those workers have gone on to start or join a new generation of Internet companies and other ventures.
Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord."
"This is the way things happened in Taiwan, too," said Merle Goldman, emerita professor of Chinese history at Boston University and the author of the recently published book, "From Comrade to Citizen: the Struggle for Political Rights in China."
box into four separate modules, creating the illusion that one might actually have power over time.
"I can't really complain about anything, but I do think that people who are trying to paint a really simplistic view of my palate, they're just not reading what I do."
"Truman's approval numbers were in the 20's.
Forever in our hearts and thoughts.
Though “Frankenstein” is not recounted, as “Grendel” was, from the creature’s point of view, there is obvious sympathy for the lab mistake disowned by his scientist maker.
In one, people begin to feel exceedingly weak and helpless, say, after a breakup, to the extent that they wish "to be soothed, helped, fed and protected."
Since 2002, it has also doubled the number of trains leaving Penn Station from 7:30 to 8 p.m. to four, said Penny Bassett Hackett, a spokeswoman for New Jersey Transit.
It's part of a special Mount Vernon loan exhibition installed near the front of the armory -- a charmer of a show, by the way -- and not for sale.
The assortment included butterscotch toffee blondies (delicious), pecan tartlets (also delicious), chocolate-dipped cream puffs (filled with real whipped cream, and devastating), cherry mini-cheesecakes (dribbles of cherry sauce on the top) and triple chocolate diamonds.
"We haven't," said Kevin Morgan, the Mets' director of minor league operations.
Two more books about the sea should find favor with young readers, especially for — though not solely because of — their art.
Each shipment took about an hour to move through the tunnel.
After that, all duties and quotas would be ended.
Why let the soldiers be paid but not the donors?
Here the play turns unintentionally into comedy, but it also teaches a lesson: Some kinds of horror are best left offstage.
Henri Kegler, "Fancy Salads of the Big Hotels."
In 1899 he joined the United States Army, which took him to the Philippines and, a year later, to China, where he earned a Silver Star while fighting the Boxers.
Arsenal took a 1-0 lead into the match, which ended in a 0-0 tie.
KRAMER--Burton, 74 years young, died on November 11, 2006, in his home after a two year hard fought battle with lung cancer.
Being a victim of 9/11 gave Americans a kind of moral Get Out of Jail Free card.
That is the beauty of a place like Beacon."
To compensate for early repayment, Moscow has agreed to a $1 billion premium, including $700 million to its principal creditor, Germany.
Even last year, as Washington advanced to the Round of 16, Roy came off the bench.
When the controversy erupted in February over cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad in a Danish newspaper, Khaled found it more difficult than usual to find a place to stand between the West and the Muslim world.
But let’s give feeling its due.
Ms. Lowenstein said the proposals were intended to encourage debate.
"Most of them we've run all year," he said.
I'm the facilitator of my family's good times.
They all played supporting roles to Van Alen, the star of the group, whose attire included a Buck Rogers-style cloak and boots, both made of patent leather and flame-colored silk, with flexible inlays of the same exotic woods used on the Chrysler Building's elevators.
Jay Leno There's a rumor that we may have killed Al Qaeda's No.
A challenging 108-mile trail follows an abandoned section of the Kettle Valley Railway through terraced slopes, and laid-back cruiser routes wind through provincial parks around the lakeshore.
A portrait of the first lady.
There is no question that food tastes different in different environments.
FreshDirect got its start seven years ago, during the same Internet mania that created Webvan.
For both of us, it was a taste of home.
The New Castle Town Board, after consulting planners, lawyers and others, deliberated and rendered its decision.
Mr. Durand and a few friends decided to investigate the conditions at one of the largest egg farms in the state, which is owned by the Rochester-based supermarket chain Wegmans.
Dish, with 400,000 local satellite subscribers, will be on Channel 438; Patriot, with about 70,000, will show SNY on Channels 43 in Princeton and 95 in Hillsboro; and Blue Ridge, with 115,000 customers, will put it on Channel 82.
But Ms. Rieker and Mr. Delainey suffer from the same issues that have cast some doubt on the strength of the government's prosecution so far.
Maybe not, according to a research note from Goldman Sachs , whose analysts recently reiterated their “outperform” rating on Symantec ‘s stock.
May all his family be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
"Better content helps our business," Bowman said.
Mr. Zambrano said no one had paid the full $1,000, but added that "this wasn't done for the money."
work," Meyer-Lindenberg says, "they have characterized in detail a system" -- or network -- "underlying a major disorder.
From Spain, With Tapas A series of four Wednesday evening classes about regional wines from Spain, with tapas, will start with albariños on Jan. 25 from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. at Suba, 109 Ludlow Street (Rivington Street).
Sketched out in broad strokes with references to monuments like the turreted castle that looms over the Danube, Bratislava often comes off sounding like an Austro-Hungarian also-ran.
Two American military vessels and two helicopters arrived late Sunday morning.
To the Editor: Re "Iraq II or a Nuclear Iran?," by Thomas L. Friedman (column, April 19): What exactly does "getting Iraq right" mean?
They were married on April 11, 1992, in an outdoor ceremony at a farm in South Williamstown.
"If there's any silver lining to the proposed Dubai deal, it's that finally a bright light is being directed toward an area of our national security that's been neglected for far too long," Senator Christopher Dodd said in a statement when asked about Motiva.
It had an L-shaped living/dining room, a spacious kitchen, a refurbished bath and about as many closets as any individual or couple could dream of at any price.
Another option, Mr. Brown of AMC points out, is to mimic the old second-run movie houses and cut the prices of most movies after they have been in theaters for a few weeks.
And I thought it was very special to be able to run around one of the seven wonders of the world.
The Call Center, which draws its power from the PC's U.S.B.
It's clean, and the only problem is the storing of the waste, which, though problematic, is not nearly as problematic as the large amounts of carbon dioxide emitted into our atmosphere by coal and oil.
PRICE RANGE Appetizers and soups, $2.95 to $9.95.
But as "Duck Season" reminds us, we don't have to live there forever.
Twenty-nine Republicans opposed the party procedural proposal to bring the bill to the floor -- an almost unheard of revolt.
"I can make 20 of something and make $40,000," said Maureen Sullivan, who ran the New Museum's program from 1995 until 2000.
"None of his contemporaries had done so much, single-handed, or were likely to leave so deep a trail," Adams wrote.
Dick Gregory: You can do old jokes.
Vegetation absorbs less sunlight than a conventional dark roof, and some of the energy that is absorbed is used in evapotranspiration from the plants.
BUT one key to the American formula for peaceful coexistence is to avoid such arguments -- to let each group decide what it finds most offensive, so long as the implied taboo isn't too onerous.
It said that while these auditing fees fell for both large and small businesses, the decline for large companies was completely offset by rising charges for their regular audits.
By August, they were facing a possible eviction and applying for public assistance.
His flawless face- and neck-lifts are one of the reasons foreigners make up 25 percent of his practice.
Ms. Truett said they had discharged fire extinguishers, dumped trash in the buses and stuffed paper in the gasoline tanks.
The Newseum, an interactive museum of journalism history that seeks to show how and why news is made, announced Tuesday that it had received $52 million in gifts from eight media companies and families with ties to newspapers, as part of an effort to complete the construction of a new building near the National Mall.
"It is the mother ship of what we do.
Clever the first few times, annoying after about six, they could use some serious nip and tuck.
Today, however, we type our key word into Google and instantly get an entire field guide to its present usage: in op-ed columns, advertising blurbs, blog posts, MySpace pages, diaries, scholarly publications, wherever.
Nurses and others involved in the care of AIDS patients often work in unsafe or dangerous conditions, said Dr. Pedro Cahn, the new president of the International AIDS Society, the main organizer of the AIDS conferences.
"I love what Nick is trying to do," Mr. Mundie said.
"It's good to clarify doubt by a simple mechanism."
Many news reports and commentaries accused the F.D.A.
Officer Hernandez died at 1:03 p.m., 18 days shy of his 25th birthday.
"We were using an efficiency change to hide at least $200 million in losses," he said, in describing how Enron planned to justify the action.
Yale Repertory Theater, 1120 Chapel Street.
"I've been on every street in town, from the people in the million-dollar houses to houses where you wouldn't even want to go in," she said.
Mr. Bush's team says it designed the India deal as a way to build a "strategic partnership" with the world's largest democracy, after decades of estrangement.
Other IE 7 enhancements include a Shrink to Fit printing option that eliminates chopped-off printouts; a print-preview mode whose draggable margins let you print only the useful parts of Web pages; a pop-up menu that magnifies the entire Web page (not just the text); and a single Delete Browsing History dialogue box that can erase all your tracks at once: History list, saved cookies and passwords, Web form data and temp files.
But it's not so much the Spanish language, it's much more about culture: How do we bring relevance into our product to attract this audience?
Just before the first race, on Saturday, as the celebrities stood at the side of the track — while their professional driver teammates prepared for the first five laps of the 10-lap race, before handing over to the celebrities — I approached Mason.
“And then one of the guys on College Place told me to call Kevin Carbury.
"Mrs. California" continues through April 1 at the 78th Street Theater Lab, 238 West 78th Street; (212) 352-3101.
The digitally printed designs come in 42-inch rolls with repeating patterns or continuous images.
Back in Cincinnati, he fretted until the signed lease arrived in the mail.
Men's troubles begin during the earliest days in the womb.
The whippet was last seen by Ms. Walton and her sister, Jamie Walton, shortly before 10 a.m. when Delta took custody of her plastic carrier.
Indeed no one, including Mozart himself, reckoned on death at age 35.
But how to get inside?
In the smallest and most charming, Quindío, beat-up World War II-era Willy Jeeps carry loads of bananas and heavy sacks of coffee to market on meandering country roads.
The Iranian legislature responded with a $20 million initiative for its intelligence organizations to counter American influence in the region.
That was also consistent with the message that Mr. Bernanke delivered to lawmakers last week.
But the selection has faced fierce public resistance by a coalition of Sunni Arabs, Kurds, independents and some Shiite leaders.
In 2010, Lipitor, Pfizer’s cholesterol -lowering drug that is the world’s top-selling medicine, will become subject to competition in the United States, jeopardizing more than $7 billion in sales.
He has said he faces less pressure than Giambi, Matsui, Sheffield and Rodriguez did when they joined the Yankees, because his job is simply to get on base and let the middle of the order drive him in.
Ed Gillespie, the former head of the Republican National Committee who started out as a top aide to Dick Armey, the former House majority leader, is perhaps the most visible.
Ms. Johansson is only marginally less uncomfortable as the increasingly suspicious Meg, courted by a silver-tongued playboy, Lord Darlington (Mr. Moore), who sees an opportunity to strike.
He said, 'I'd like to be called a Spirit Balance.'
Last month, Mr. Marchi became ill one day after a $500-a-plate fundraiser in Albany.
"You have to have something in your personality, in your look; you have to have the whole package," she said.
If the two companies do cross paths, it will be part of a local tradition.
Dr. Gibson pressed D, typing notes into the computer and glancing back at the screen.
But the HD-DVD faction has arrayed an army of its own, including Microsoft, Sanyo and Warner Brothers.
... Fervently, the romantic enjoys the highest delight and the deepest pain day after day; he enjoys the most enchanting and the most sublime; he enjoys his wounds and the streaming blood of his heart.
"The industry has gotten divided," Mr. Shoulberg said, "and the bed in the bag represents the other extreme.
Dr. Webb agreed that more testing was needed but said he thought that the machine would ultimately be useful to only a small minority of people with low vision.
He rushes headlong at the soldier.
name from its brand-building venture, leaving many wondering if Lenovo has abandoned the I.B.M.
Still, most analysts estimated that Apple would sell 9 million and 10 million in the quarter.
Fountains of Wayne is very much in the mainstream of American popular music, says Jon Nakagawa, who produces the series.
Without Delay and his soothing stream of money, the carrot for cooperation is gone.
He said he can relate to her sense of delight.
We have to continue to strengthen our management, and align them with the group.
Dr. Singer and Mr. Mason organize their book around food shopping by three very different households: an Arkansas family eating "the Standard American Diet," much of it bought at Wal-Mart; a Connecticut family striving to eat only organic food ; and a Kansas family of vegans who eat nothing animal-based, not even cheese or eggs.
Owns one .45-caliber pistol and four dogs.
Caption information is provided below.
Legacy admission preferences may be good for fund-raising and engaging alumni, but such policies work against solving the problems of diversity and access facing higher education.
THERE is perhaps no harder skill to teach in all of sports than pitching.
The suburban adulterers in the bedroom are characteristic Updike, just as Amis's fictional portrait of Mohamed Atta comes off as pure Amis.
Phone Mergers May Give Bells an Edge Over Cable In the chess game between the cable companies and their nemeses, the Bell phone companies, the Bells may be gaining ground.
Is it that we got used to it?
To protect the trial’s integrity, people inside Pfizer were not allowed to see the data.
The given auction was produced by the Hackett twins, Jason and Justin, from England.
But I knew that if I was having a baby, I wanted that baby."
That compares with the $12 million to $13 million it averaged each month before the hurricane, which covered about one-third of the city's pre-storm $470 million operating budget.
While some small percentage of the user-generated outpouring is a first glimpse of real talent, much of it is fledgling bands unveiling a song recorded last Thursday in a friend’s basement, or would-be directors showing the world their demo reels.
He defended the investment in newspapers, arguing that the degree of decline in which the industry is often described has been "grossly exaggerated."
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
He and his two wives, cousins from either side of his family, recently had their blood tested by Dr. Elbedour.
Avitrol, which is typically mixed with corn or another grain, is the last remaining poison in commercial use.
Friends may call at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Ave, at 81 St, Tuesday, 2-5 and 7-9 pm.
(Back Bay Books/Little, Brown, $14.95.)
For the Chicago Transit Authority’s pension fund, the problems are real now.
Buddakan won't please diners of all ages equally.
"I have 20 people coming over — Sumner, everybody — and they're expecting to see 'The Break-Up.'
The vocal resemblance is uncanny.
Though still new, IPTV is already commercially available in limited areas both in the United States and internationally.
71 and 72 Jermyn Street; 011 44 207 808 3000.
The charity is the pet project of Johann Olav Koss, the Norwegian speedskater who won four gold medals in 1994.
Many companies prefer instead to hire young people on short-term contracts of up to 18 months to avoid giving them the full benefits and job protections due permanent employees.
To the Editor: Re "The Big Sleep," by David Brooks (column, May 21): The tedium of the hearings on the nomination of Gen. Michael V. Hayden to be the director of the C.I.A.
Mrs. Ashton, 36, is an associate and project manager at Beyer Blinder Belle, architects and planners, in New York.
A man was killed early yesterday when he apparently fell between two cars of a northbound No.
And there is one gorgeous, simple moment when Mr. Mendes realizes he is the only person onstage and stares into the audience, looking fierce but kind of lost, like an amateur actor in a gangster melodrama.
More than one in six Pennsylvania residents is on Medicare.
Hofstra benefited from a rule change, receiving a first-round home game against Nebraska last week that would probably have been played at Nebraska under the old rules.
But the main floor of the 1918 church is higher, so now the portal is half a flight up and perhaps 20 feet back from the street.
“Back to School,” the “Wide Angle” documentary in which these children appear, is a borrowed idea, really.
They’ve been deemed to enter back into society and they’ll have to suffer the rest of their lives with being labeled.” Don’t tell that to Chief Harry Wallace, who runs the Poospatuck Indian Reservation.
Twelve of the 14 players were born after 1975, and Ryan Zimmerman of the Nationals, the youngest Ryan, was born in 1984, when the name ranked 12th.
First, the guys on the roof, wearing fluorescent vests and hard hats and many layers of clothing this bitter morning, torch through the tollbooth's steel beams and aluminum canopy.
"It was a grueling job that nobody else wanted, and that I have done faithfully and successfully for seven years," Mr. Neuborne said.
His dog is not his dog, its enthusiastic yipping aside, and his own house is a carbon-copy fake.
“Real farming” that is not an “intellectual fantasy” seems to take only one shape.
"We are certainly with our neighbors on security issues, because they won't respect state borders if they get out," Mr. Kleiner said.
That is where the manhole would come in handy, obviating the need for any kind of home run ceremony.
The general's promotion would have showcased the nation's highest-ranking Hispanic officer and his compelling personal story of growing up poor in southern Texas and using the military as a bootstrap out of poverty.
BARNEY ROSS By Douglas Century.
From their hotel rooms at the Renaissance Center, guests will be able to walk safely the few short blocks to Bricktown, the old warehouse district and home to spirited old-time bars like the Detroiter on Beaubien Street or Jacoby's German Biergarten.
Drivers generally get 7 to 13 miles a gallon.
On Wednesday, Mr. Blumenthal said that he sent letters to the companies requesting more information.
"There is that hippie cult crowd," she added, "but there's a bunch of us that are quite normal."
Mr. Allen makes the most of his chances for subtle physical comedy.
Rabbi Robert A. Bernhard, Pres.
Descended from Marcel Duchamp and Buster Keaton, Mr. Wegman has straddled high and low for more than three decades, using his signature Weimaraners to make the art world's funniest videos, as well as television commercials, calendars and children's books.
He goes across the street and around the corner to confirm the worst stereotypes about liberals — that they’re condescending, twee, surpassingly smug.
And “Highways” has a sprightly character that suggests a car chase captured on film and played back at double speed.
But its big breakthrough came in 1995 when it acquired the Lens-Crafters chain of optical shops in the United States.
It brought us together to share and talk about it."
"I turned 60 on the Fourth of July," Ms. Palmquist said.
A woman of wit, courage, enthusiasm and taste.
COLORADO ROCKIES--Assigned RHP Nate Field, RHP Bret Prinz, RHP Keiichi Yabu, LHP Steve Colyer, LHP Randy Williams, and C Dan Conway to their minor league camp.
But first she needs more surgery, to repair a fracture in the leg where the cancer started.
It was the Muslim holiday of Id al-Adha, the festival of sacrifice, and families went to the park to mark the occasion.
Today, pitchers pitch every fifth day instead of every fourth, and they are often removed from games after throwing 100 pitches.
Twelve teams now purchase data from the company in hopes of being a step ahead of clubs that stubbornly rates defense by errors or traditional scouting.
Mr. Robinson grew up in Avon and graduated from the Pomfret School and Yale College.
At the beginning of a meeting with Secretary General Kofi Annan of the United Nations, Mr. Bush laughingly told Mr. Cheney that reporters would later enter the room; the vice president left before the journalists arrived.
1 came in the first minute after Mbah a Moute cut to the basket, took a pass from Cedric Bozeman and stuffed the ball against what appeared to be no defenders.
This time, he was weeping.
"A million people are going to die this year.
(Photo by Uli Seit for The New York Times)
In Gonder, the best hotel is the Goha Hotel (251-58-1110634), another part of the Ghion chain.
" Some of those dreams have become reality.
— and soft fabrics and a way to keep the place clean.
Mr. Kazigo is scheduled to be sentenced on May 10.
Selborne Journal : Thursday, 29 January 1784: 29 7/10; 29, 30 1/2, 14 1/2 abroad; N. Severe frost, sun, & sharp wind, bright with hard frost.
Nothing is what it seems.
McPhee deftly captures the ways in which lovers too tired and frustrated to continue, but still too attached to call it off, employ treachery to convince the other one to throw in the towel first; by the end of their 10-year affair, they're practically spitting out their declarations of love.
Single malt, single ply and world class martinis.
CMT picked up the Miss America Pageant after ABC dropped it in 2004 because of low ratings.
Dip each bite in broth, then brush lightly with chili sauce or soy, or dip in garlic, or all of the above.
"A sandwich to a Jew is just as important as a country to a Gentile."
Once again, Ms. Woodbury has built a sweet and sweeping play with breathtaking range: you meet the living and the dead, characters from two coasts in a time period that spans from 1941 to 2001.
In January, he demanded that 18 drug companies — all named — stop selling some forms of a new malaria drug he believed could speed up drug resistance.
It has been a whirlwind month.
Its bonds plunged amid concern that debtholders would suffer because of the way the bid was structured.
Bing is what Elizabeth Ting and her partners call their specialty, a four-inch disk of sesame-coated pastry that is filled with tasty meat, vegetables or fruit, some spicy and some not ($1.50 to $1.95).
George has shown he can be with the best guys a few days in the mountains, be with the best guys sometime in a time trial.
More than four months after Hurricane Katrina, FEMA continues to pay for 28,000 hotel rooms, nearly 10,000 of them in Louisiana.
Not that I can think of — especially when they are deployed as the anchor for a towering dish of mussels marinara, with powerful currents of thyme, garlic and hot pepper.
Using the phone’s Global Positioning System receiver, parents can keep track of their children through a Web site or on their own Verizon phones .
"Is Karl mad at me for unmanning him?"
“There are a variety of effects that can happen with lowering sodium, some of them negative, so I don’t think we should be just considering the one effect of lowering blood pressure,’’ said Dr. Michael H. Alderman, professor of epidemiology at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in the Bronx.
In 1999, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation established the Gates Millennium Scholarship Program, a yearly award given to 1,000 high-achieving students of color from low-income backgrounds.
Consisting of powder blue scrubs and a gray sweatshirt stuffed with newspaper, topped with a Styrofoam head, Tillie sat in the passenger's seat of Mr. Pringle's car for the better part of a year as he commuted to Denver in a high-occupancy-vehicle lane.
"It would have been inexpedient from the beginning," said Reinhold Bütikofer, chairman of the Green Party, meaning, in effect, that it would have been political suicide for mainstream parties like the Christian Democrats to have publicly favored giving the United States intelligence information when the war was just starting.
The field has recently been dominated by Japan and South Korea, but the Stanford researchers have sketched out a three-year plan to bring the United States to parity.
There will be free ferries to the island starting June 3, giving visitors a chance to walk its historic paths, enjoy the harbor breezes and marvel at its majestic views.
Go to Article from BusinessWeek » Go to Article from USA Today » Go to Related Article from BusinessWeek » In related news, Microsoft has hired Steven Berkowitz, the chief executive of Ask Jeeves , to run its floundering Internet division, Microsoft said yesterday.
There are accounts of visits by foreign doctors and interviews before deciding boards, as well as entreaties to some of the famous men of the age.
Tickets, $1,000, from (718) 817-8773.
Their legends, and to a greater or lesser degree, their immediate careers, recovered from the blow.
In trading just before the auction results were announced yesterday, that bond, with a coupon of 5.375 percent, was trading at just below 110 percent of par value, for a yield to maturity of 4.70 percent.
But some intact tombstones remained, and officers chipped away to find the cocaine bricks inside.
The co-op has northern and southern exposures, two and a half bathrooms, a new kitchen and a large dining room and living room, according to listing information posted online by the brokers, Steve Goldschmidt and Sarah Smith of the Warburg Realty Partnership.
So, I am at a point right now that I don't want to ever buy a house, ever again."
"Whoever kisses me, I give them as much or more back," he said.
PHILADELPHIA - Next fall, a stunning $55 million high school will open on the edge of Fairmount Park here.
In a grimly familiar tactic, a second car bomb detonated outside a crowded market nearby about 10 minutes later, as police officers and emergency workers were flooding the area.
But the shot that saved Tennessee crushed Winthrop.
Woit’s own main charge is that string theory makes no testable predictions, thus flouting the need for “falsifiability” articulated by the philosopher Karl Popper.
Warmer weather tends to spur construction activity, and the average temperature in the United States in January, at 39 degrees, was the highest ever recorded by the government, an increase of 8.5 degrees over the historical average for the month.
The tusks are worth an estimated $1 million.
I am a big believer in free trade.
Grandchildren Jake and Julia, and his shaggy three.
William Gardella pointed his gun from the passenger's side.
At the time, Keaton was just crawling out of a decade-long drunk, thanks to the support of his new wife, Eleanor, and by common critical consent the Columbia shorts are the low point of the great comedian's creative life.
That pace left little room for experimentation.
"I'm kind of a ham.
She went to work in a high school, visiting the same class every day for 21 weeks.
Three months later the couple divorced.
"I do feel we are more than one player away.
It’s a bad sign that two pages of the manual are dedicated to listing warnings about these touch buttons.
Soon I'd done it: no more Scott hovering around me while I cooked.
He bragged a lot about meeting celebrities like Gus Van Sant and Diane Keaton.
He too was captivated by Dr. Fuller's Asian collection.
Mr. Kovar was 77, not 67, and Mrs. Kovar was 74, not 71.
Flavin Judd, the artist's son, will collaborate on the installation with Christie's experts, and a special catalog will include unpublished essays by Mr. Judd.
But they were unable or unwilling to resolve secondary disputes over amendments and other technical issues, and the measure was yanked from the floor.
Certainly, the creative team is as international as that of any gladiator movie of yore.
Wildly theatrical, the paintings demand that the viewer's eye jump nervously to take in concurrently played, weirdly suggestive but ultimately inexplicable activities.
The excess of the sure-thing price over $2,500 gives a rough indication of the market valuation of insuring against risk.
"We make it a competition with our fellow bankers.
Citing security, defense officials said they could not reveal how many were being dismantled.
The expectation was that they would search out issues of importance, sift out the trivial and then tell the public what it needed to know.
They left the courthouse at 11 a.m., rushed to a clinic and then to a hospital.
It's a quick conduit to Manhattan."
Contact: Cassidy-Flynn Funeral Home, Inc. 914 - 666 - 4840. www.cassidy flynnfuneralhome.com
In the proposed agreement, non-sales workers would receive raises of about 3 percent per year beginning in April, and their health plan contributions would be capped.
"I want to let you in on this great secret, a great mystery only a tiny, tiny number of people in the world ever know about," he told a group of about 25 people, his voice hypnotic in its wonderment.
A Professor for Radiation Biology in Radiology and Ophthalmology at Columbia University which he joined in 1974, he received his B.S.
The building will also feature a 500-square-foot party room, opening to a 700-square-foot terrace, as well as a 300-square-foot children’s playroom.
The Boston Herald ran some advice, six specific tips that be boiled down to this: 1.
Birds flitter off from a bush nearby.
A United States Justice Department spokesman issued a statement saying, "As we advised the extradition judge in October 2004, the United States stands ready to resume the extradition proceedings against Abu Hamza when British law allows."
I've been going to 12 for 54 years now.
"The demographics have upgraded substantially."
Beginning in 1878, he built three genteel apartment houses on three corners at 55th and Seventh: the Van Corlear, the Wyoming and the Ontiora, all designed by Hardenbergh.
Near the front of the shop, there are coffee and tea dispensers from which customers pour their own and pay at a nearby counter.
And during the earlier golden age of globalization before World War I, he reports, labor and capital "worked beautifully" together on a worldwide scale.
MONTCLAIR "Are You My Mother?"
Brown added, "Hopefully he will do that some day."
Luis Castro, a 12-year-old from the Dominican Republic, is worried that he will not pass the test and thus be forced to repeat the fourth grade, again.
The Assembly bill would require at least two years of treatment by mental health professionals for everyone imprisoned for a felony sex offense, and provide for continued treatment after release.
A larger party for 800 guests followed in the museum's atrium.
He called his home in Brooklyn, spoke with his wife and prayed with a friend, Jack Edelman, who said Mr. Biegeleisen recited the 24th Psalm in Hebrew: "Of David.
We share in your grief.
A Federal Bureau of Investigation team under the direction of the bureau's counterintelligence division at agency headquarters has questioned employees at the F.B.I., the National Security Agency, the Justice Department, the Central Intelligence Agency and the office of the Director of National Intelligence, the officials said.
PHOENIX SUNS--Signed G Eric Piatkowski to a two-year contract.
Not only are lower fees problematic, but there is also the issue of not being paid quickly by managed care companies, and often having to resubmit claims.
To the Editor: Re "Hidden Cost of Shark Fin Soup: Its Source May Vanish" (Manta Journal, Jan. 5): It's very disturbing knowing what these fishermen are doing to these defenseless sharks.
So we called my mother, who was 3,000 miles away in New York, and asked her to check again.
Cantor Richard Botton officiated at 60 Thompson, a hotel in New York.
In a few months, he'll take his comprehensive exams, and then we'll be back where we started before he was called.
Feb. 19 at 3 p.m. Tickets: $15.
BAGHDAD, Iraq , Saturday, April 15 — A large Iraqi police convoy was ambushed Thursday night by insurgents just north of Baghdad after being denied permission to stay overnight on an American military base, an Iraqi police general said Friday.
The episode might have served as an object lesson, had they seen it, for a few residents of Queens, N.Y., including a teenage girl, who were accused last week by a Manhattan man, Evan Guttman, of having picked up the T-Mobile Sidekick (a phone, e-mail, camera and Web-browsing device) that his friend had left in a taxi.
It takes extra effort to innovate.
She had come to the United States from Puerto Rico in 1995, Ms. Ramos said.
The efforts to bring a modicum of regulation over the region have also drawn fresh lines of difference between Russia and the West.
Born and raised in NYC, he is survived by his two daughters Carol and Susan.
The Times Company announced earlier this month that it planned to sell its 50 percent share of the channel back to Discovery Communications.
Brazos Bookstore, Houston's premier literary marketplace and a mecca for touring authors since 1974, will keep its doors open after a threatened shutdown thanks to some unlikely saviors: a consortium of 14 loyal customers and private investors.
Savvy 26 Locust Street New Canaan (203) 972-3303 www.savvy-restaurant.com EXCELLENT THE SPACE An old clapboard house turned into a smart, sophisticated restaurant with two dining rooms and a walled-in dining patio in front.
In Saul Tepper's "Couple in the Moonlight," a picture of a handsome man and his pretty wife sitting on the front steps of their suburban home, the patchy paint and the Whistlerian lunar light bring to life a moment of spiritual awakening in a Ladies' Home Journal melodrama.
To send condolences, visit www.dohertyfh.com; 302 999-8277.
It's come a long way, a very long way.
Whether the beating suffered by Officer Hernandez may have impaired his hearing and compromised his ability to hear the commands of Officer Toro is also being investigated.
He is the son of Mary and Terrence M. O’Rourke of Royal Oak, Mich. His mother retired as a secretary at Kimball High School there.
Noah scored 16 points, grabbed 9 rebounds, blocked 6 shots and played himself into the N.B.A.
It has the Prison Ship Martyrs Monument and the crypt that contains the remains of Revolutionary War soldiers who were among the 8,000 who gave their lives rather than renounce their allegiance aboard the prison ships in Wallabout Bay (now the site of the Brooklyn Navy Yard).
But Delaware has opposed the pier, citing a 17th-century agreement that its borders go right up to the sand on the New Jersey side and insisting that nothing can be built without its approval.
Hoping to avoid similar complaints in the future, he decided to ban the scheduled spring play, "The Crucible" by Arthur Miller.
Neal Goren, the company's artistic director, and 15 fine instrumentalists make the most of Britten's witty, incisive and brilliant orchestration -- so much compositional and interpretive talent at the service of blunt satire that isn't always worthy of it.
He added: "That's every place on Jericho.
As a young lawmaker, Mr. Lesniak was known for his pioneering environmental legislation, including New Jersey's clean water laws.
Lord Foster's quest: use Belgian glass and English stainless steel to capture the light of the day.
He planned to be a priest but turned to sports after starring in basketball at Chicago's Quigley Prep and St. Patrick's Academy, which won the 1932 Catholic high school national title.
), I would explode into a thousand little pieces on the spot and die.
In a climate of national debate in the United States about the overriding of certain civil liberties to fight terrorism, the movie looks back on a worst possible scenario in which such liberties were taken away.
Whatever it is will be enormously interesting to me."
"It was hard for him, he had to commute," she said.
But Jim Flaherty, Canada’s finance minister, brought all that to an end Tuesday night with his new plan to effectively tax cash payments from trusts at about the same rate as corporate income.
Tonight and tomorrow night at 8:30, Sunday at 2 p.m., West End Theater, 263 West 86th Street, Manhattan, (212) 337-9565; $10 and $12.
From May 30 to June 11, the government-sponsored Suma Flamenca festival ( www.sumaflamenca.com ), featuring Enrique Morente, Carmen Linares and other flamenco stars, is also good value.
For most of two years beginning in 2000, he and his crew trolled the Caribbean, recording the underwater sounds of fish like groupers and porgies, helping set up global-positioning devices on volcanic slopes and hunting for prehistoric carvings in marine caves.
In the Classic, the Dominicans will probably have the most dynamic lineup of any of the 16 teams, with players like Boston's David Ortiz, St. Louis's Albert Pujols, the Angels' Vladimir Guerrero and Baltimore's Miguel Tejada.
This is a significant problem, said Josh Bernoff, an analyst with Forrester Research.
The market sells pies baked at Vacchiano Farm in Warren County ($12.95).
Ms. Stemme’s singing unusually combines cool Nordic colorings with fearless emotional intensity.
The Walgreen Company, the drugstore chain, reported better-than-expected first-quarter profit as sales surged 17 percent on strong results from prescription drugs.
One plaintiff in the $73 million suit, Louis P. Tortorella, said he spent more than $14,625 commuting two and a half hours to guard the Quabbin Reservoir from September 2001 to late 2003.
The calorie-restricted organism is stronger, according to this hypothesis, because individual cells are more efficiently repairing mutations, using energy, defending themselves and mopping up harmful byproducts like free radicals.
At the end of its third quarter in October, Federated was carrying $11.8 billion in debt.
MARIANNE ROHRLICH Good deals and secret sources may be reported to rohrlich@nytimes.com.
Some critics also say the technology makes farmers too beholden to giant agribusinesses.
But it has cooled down enough that sellers just have to do a little more work, frankly."
She studied education and music, and went on to the New England Conservatory of Music, hoping to become a classical singer.
In 1995, eight Argentine climbers died scaling Sullunco, a nearby peak.
But people in Islamabad showed a lack of excitement over the visit and did not glance at the live coverage of the news conference by the two presidents on TV in a shopping mall.
"I'm not looking at just trying to get yuppies to come downtown."
Toward the end of a news conference with quarterback Eli Manning on Thursday, a team official cut off the questioning, saying that Manning had to hurry to a meeting.
We took her around and she met her siblings and then we took her outside, because she'd never been outside.
And, of course, they cannot forget the famous bloodline.
Ms. Drake had grown "overly maternal," the counselor warned Ms. Villalba.
Let Bob go out and play.
During a panel discussion in Jefferson City with a friendly, selected group of retirees and health care providers, Mr. Bush joked freely as he played the role of cheerleader for the program, which has been criticized by some Medicare beneficiaries, and many Democrats, as confusing in its complexity.
In his speech, Mr. Ahmadinejad underlined Iran's intention to respond formally to the incentives offer by next Tuesday.
The titan among them, however, is Plymouth Gin.
However, Antonetta has her own ideas about which minds are worth saving.
It was, and was not, a little joke.
He rejected the State Department's suggestion that it would have been better for the images not to have been released, saying that attitude reflected a philosophy in the Bush administration that "the less information the people have, the better democracy operates."
Robert Giroux, who was Bishop's longtime editor and asked Ms. Quinn to edit the book, said he had originally opposed suggestions that the unpublished works be brought to light.
He often talks about the United States as a land of immigrants, and on Monday in Cleveland he said that "my only advice for the Congress and for people in the debate is, understand what made America."
In lieu of flowers, contributions to Communities in Schools, Inc., Att: Bill Milliken www.cisnet.org, 703-518-2593.
While Ms. Blue's income is too high to qualify for co-payment assistance, she has almost no assets aside from her house.
And one of the strangest careers in the already weird world of sci-fi was born.
The strategy has paid off.
Of course, when the comic prowled coffeehouses in the 1950's and 60's, audiences roared with laughter.
The test puts athletes on a bicycle connected to a computer.
It is far cheaper to find someone that has already been trained in a specific area than to train someone already on staff.
Memorial Mass at Mary Manning Walsh Home, 1339 York Avenue, September 23, 2006, at 9:30 AM.
"We should be having a lot of fun in October."
Mitchell also can't grant any investigation witness immunity against prosecution, and, in fact, the clubs have been informed during the conference calls that everything he and his investigators gather would become public.
Then, meet with the boss and cite the list as proof of your contributions to the firm.
Gary Matthews, the Cubs' batting coach, said: "Guys here aren't thinking about the White Sox.
An Islandia man stopped his car and pulled a driver from a burning vehicle on Old Nichols Road early yesterday morning, the Suffolk County police said.
Both the nonpartisan Cook Political Report and Congressional Quarterly rate the Fifth District race as leaning Democratic, and Representative Spratt said he was confident that he would pick up enough Republican ticket-splitters to retain his seat.
It will shine on a brighter stage in a bigger arena to conclude a more important tournament with the N.C.A.A.
Robert P. Mosteller, a law professor at Duke University, said the trend has moved from little discovery to more disclosure from prosecutors, to requiring defense lawyers to reciprocate with some types of evidence.
School authorities in Katonah also remain in the dark on the officials' identities, which according to Robert V. Lichtenfeld, the superintendent, has created uncertainty.
In a Los Angeles Times op-ed piece, David Hirst, a former Middle East correspondent for The Guardian who lives in Beirut, writes, “It is now becoming a commonplace of Arab discourse that Iraq’s agony is likely, ultimately, to equal in scale the post-World War I Middle East settlement that was the last great upheaval of its kind.” Hirst fears Lebanon-style civil wars throughout the region.
Tell me anything about my dad."'
A handful of properties in the Napa and Sonoma Valleys north of San Francisco have begun to offer olive-grove tours and olive-oil tastings as alternatives to winery hopping.
In a statement, the debt rating agency warned that ThyssenKrupp's credit rating could be lowered if it continues to fight for Dofasco.
But Jennifer Zuccarelli, a spokeswoman for Mr. Pombo, said the letter to Ms. Norton "is only the beginning of what the chairman believes will be a broad investigation."
In a defined-benefit plan, a company promises employees a predetermined benefit when they retire, and invests money ahead of time to make sure that it can make good on its promises.
1 on Heatseekers, a reliable indicator of future hugeness, it also premiered at No.
What is thought to be a statue of Leonidas (only the upper part remains), the hero-king of Sparta, was probably made by a skilled Laconian sculptor in 480-470 B.C.
He simply pointed out the need to consider a way that government representatives, as well as the emperor, could naturally honor the Japanese war dead without causing discomfort to neighboring countries.
SHANGHAI, Wednesday, July 12 (Reuters) — The Shanghai Automotive Company, which is General Motors’ main partner in China, said Wednesday that it planned to buy 20 billion yuan ($2.5 billion) of assets from its state-owned parent group.
The answer is not to carve up the pie so some schools get a bigger piece.
Op-Ed Contributor Javier Marías is the author, most recently, of "Your Face Tomorrow."
STRATFORD, Conn., March 2 - With a heavy snow pelting them, a ring of pickets stood outside Sikorsky Aircraft's main plant here today, as they have since a week ago Monday, and made it clear that the company's managers were not the only ones digging in for a long fight.
His fans might buy this book by mistake (which, considering his popularity outside the city, at least, may be what the publisher is counting on).
Up to 15 percent of defaulting borrowers' wages can be garnished, and under a decision made by the United States Supreme Court in December, Social Security payments are vulnerable.
They are worse than the less globalized in containing public entitlements and subsidies, which must be paid for by higher individual income taxes.
He has tightened controls over the legislature and made it difficult for any political opponents to gain traction.
Bates said, "It was just nice to feed him again, even if it could be the last time."
("A primitive lie detector" is how Robbie thinks of it.)
The pharmacists underscored the political significance of their concerns in a report presented to Mr. Rove and Allan B. Hubbard, assistant to the president for economic policy.
"So many banking institutions these days are bottom-line driven, and they lack the personal touch, but that wasn't the case here."
needs a strong team in the New York metropolitan area.
This is a deeply rooted impulse, Mr. Eakin writes.
Because Holmes is so vivid to generations of readers, so is the world he inhabits.
About New York by Dan Barry.
They were not solely from Mr. Abramoff.
They are actual old sneakers, artifacts transported as if through a time machine, still fresh in their boxes.
Or is it perhaps the appealing underdog myth of Apple and Steve Jobs, laboring in secret to attain that impossibility, perfection?
More than $1.2 million Upper East Side $1.93 million 425 East 58th Street, Sovereign Number of bedrooms: 2 Number of full bathrooms: 3 Number of half bathrooms: 1 Weeks on market: 24 weeks 2,400-sq.-ft. co-op in a postwar building; concierge, dining room, 10-ft. ceilings, washer/dryer, views; maintenance $3,637, 42% tax deductible; listed at $2.5 million.
Vanessa Thiessen stood out for the whole-bodied resiliency of her dancing and for her expressive body line in a lead cast completed by James Strong, Erin Yarbrough and Aaron Thayer.
Nasdaq issued 14 million shares nearly three months ago, only to have the share price drop.
It’s better to be alone.
"No, I'm not," Mr. McClellan said.
Mr. Brooks has pursued this premise on the open road ("Lost in America"), in the hereafter ("Defending Your Life") and in his own backyard (in "Modern Romance," "Mother" and "The Muse").
The Times has discontinued the Television section.
He came to New York as a child and went to school in East Harlem.
by local judges and, unusually for a woman here, drives herself around in a van.
National League ATLANTA BRAVES--Purchased the contract of RHP Peter Moylan from Richmond of the IL.
Four Knicks scored at least 20 points, led by Marbury's 32.
When everyone rolled out of the restaurant, vendors were on the sidewalk, and Fan made us — and them — laugh with his uncanny shrill imitation of an older woman who had been hawking a melon.
She is an architect at Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates, the architecture firm in New York.
"We have no income and no insurance payments coming in, but the building mortgage still has to be paid, the taxes have to be paid."
She could not be reached for comment.
Named Rory Segrest special teams quality control coach.
If there's anything beyond the lyrics that's particularly Korean about Rain's songs, it's not obvious.
And this is no small feat.
Mr. Wulf said that the prize might strike some as a bittersweet reminder of the subsequent decline of Bell Labs as a research powerhouse.
After the Challenger, they recalled, there was no such new vision.
And more than 150 curators, conservators, educators and librarians contribute regularly to its timeline.
Engelhard believes the recapitalization plan will provide a greater value-creation opportunity than BASF’s $38 per share proposal and urges shareholders to support all five of Engelhard’s nominees.
David S. Wachsman New York, March 19, 2006
Cisco Earnings Slightly Surpass Forecasts Cisco Systems reported second-quarter earnings that narrowly exceeded the projections of Wall Street analysts.
Since the introduction of in vitro fertilization in the 1980's, the number of twin births in this country has risen by nearly a third.
But as the governor prepares to unveil his 12th and final budget proposal on Tuesday, many lawmakers are asking whether he will offer a plan meant to score political points on a national stage or to provide a sound blueprint for managing New York.
To the Editor: Many thanks for your article about fraud on eBay ("Seeing Fakes, Angry Traders Confront EBay," front page, Jan. 29).
The quagga had an unfortunate series of interactions with humans.
"One of our major goals was certainty with respect to any future benefit contributions."
It's like the disability ghetto of my childhood, but so much better.
After all, Ahmed Abdel Maksoud and Youssra Zahran are free.
We got into some of the sweet spots of their defense, but the shots weren't falling."
He then referred to his son's returns to New York, first as a Vancouver Canuck in 1997-98 and as a Ranger for the 2000-1 season.
Mr. Weilbaecher and another councilman, Michael McMyne, "are trying to help the guy who ran against me" in the last election.
Credit card profits have been hurt by an unexpectedly large rise in bad debt write-offs taken after a tougher new bankruptcy law caused consumer bankruptcy filings to spike this fall.
In any event, as Dr. Gingerich argues, in simultaneously defending evolution and insisting upon atheism, Dr. Dawkins probably “single-handedly makes more converts to intelligent design than any of the leading intelligent design theorists.” And evolutionary psychology as a prism through which to view contemporary human behavior is open to many challenges.
In "A Flaw in the Design," a man works in the oil business, devastating the environment.
The Pacers had benched Artest since his comments last month, and Walsh vowed he would trade him.
Ms. Lambert was describing the apartment not to a customer, but to a reporter.
Maria I. Kompaneyets, 63, said that she voted for Mr. Yanukovich in 2004, but that she had hopes that Mr. Yushchenko would use his popular mandate to improve life in Ukraine, especially the economy and pensions, recurrent complaints among those less well off.
"Lord knows what we were getting," she said.
Last question: What would you lead against three spades doubled?
She steers busy working clients away from doctors who tend to run late on appointments, and discourages patients from undergoing complicated procedures that would keep them away from work for more than a few days.
He's driven the girth of the United States almost 30 times, pretty impressive for one who makes his living as a contributing editor for Vogue magazine.
But with a big difference.
"They arrived when we came into office."
So why did Schubert just break it off before the end of the first verse?
Taken together, the figures suggested that the economy, while strong today, may be poised for a slowdown in the second half of the year, especially if the Federal Reserve continues increasing short-term interest rates to keep inflation in check, analysts said.
Practically, though, the United States has not pushed for sweeping change out of concern for what might happen if states fell into the hands of Islamists.
The total sum for Mr. Raymond's golden years comes to at least $398 million, among the richest compensation packages ever.
The film, directed by Tomer Heymann, is part diary and part human-interest story.
Ms. Gummer brings a crackling electricity to Erica's anger that recalls the young Meryl Streep (who happens to be Ms. Gummer's mother), at her hostile best, in Woody Allen's "Manhattan."
8 NATIONAL 25-38 Amputees Coming Home Explosions have killed 1,123 American troops in Iraq and have wounded at least 10 times more.
CINCINNATI, Feb. 23 - President Bush plunged into the 2006 midterm elections on Thursday, headlining back-to-back fund-raising events for Republican candidates in states where his party is vulnerable.
Considering that he swapped a first-round pick and a second-round pick in two days for two players who are eligible for free agency after the season, one had to wonder if Lowe was trading for the present at the expense of his team's future.
But now, Ms. Alexandre explained, it seems all that is about to change.
City officials are pressing lawmakers to give them that money -- $6.5 billion -- spread out over four to five years.
About 900 customers of the Long Island Power Authority lost electricity.
Some thinkers have maintained that this distinction between allowing death to occur by forgoing treatment and bringing it about by a direct action is not morally meaningful.
Indonesia's death toll has reached 30, second only to Vietnam, which has recorded 42.
Ovitz to Testify in Hollywood Wiretapping Inquiry Michael Ovitz, the former Hollywood power player, has been called before a grand jury to testify about his dealings and conversations with Anthony Pellicano, the private detective who was indicted on wiretapping charges.
Tomorrow at 2 p.m., a performance by the Bill Saxton Trio.
For my good fortune, I guess, and to Angelo, of course, but also to this animal, for stepping unbidden over the crest of that hill, out of the wild and into my sight, to become what Angelo kept calling her: your pig.
"In college, there's always drugs and alcohol around," Mr. Finneran said.
All his writing seemed to strike a bold, gadfly note, and he was more than willing to take on his fellow rabbis.
Bob Costas, the NBC sports commentator, called it "the breakout sport of these Winter Games."
We just have a few queries about "Exodus" before it goes to press: p. 12: "and the waters were divided."
By the end of the study, the participants in the meditation group had significantly lower blood pressure compared with participants in the control group.
All Americans can look at Latin America to see unnecessary deaths and injuries from unsafe abortions.
I looked around the kitchen and saw a mess.
Devoted husband and cherished father and grandfather.
But for some reason, he doesn't seem to put it all together.
But with the beginning of collectivization, the state turned hostile toward the rural and ethnic content of Boichuk’s and his students’ work, and he was denounced as an agent of the Vatican.
Despite the imminence of gambling in Pennsylvania, all of the Atlantic City operators seeking a license there insist -- publicly at least -- that any new operation would not adversely affect business and could even enhance it.
The monthly tally of at least 31 deaths in March was the second lowest since the invasion of Iraq three years ago.
When Shawna Madison gave birth at 13 to her first child, a girl, it was not the beginning of a nightmare, it was the beginning of one of a series of nightmares.
A lovely woman, she appeared with hair slightly wild, eyes wide, head thrust forward and body curled around her music, a visually effective posture but one that tended to constrict a sound that bloomed easily when she was more relaxed.
She earned her high school diploma from the George Washington Evening High School.
When G. Kennedy Thompson took over as chief executive in 2000, he tried to put the company back on track with a more patient and financially disciplined approach.
The author, Kare Bluitgen, is a man.
They started life as left-wing radicals: Neuhaus looked forward to a social conflagration, and Novak called for the destruction of “the idol of inhibition, repression and shame.” They broke with their radical past, dismissing the 1960’s as what Neuhaus calls a “slum of a decade,” feuding with their former friends and moving smartly to the right.
I was away in college when Marty was tried, convicted and sentenced to 50 years in prison in 1990.
But for many corporate users, the transformation of I.B.M.
"Our job is to protect the victims," Mr. Harvey said.
The Fancy Wedding Center, a sales and rental shop in Brooklyn (www.fancyweddingcenter.com), reports that its rental business has doubled since 1997.
But to judge by other reviews and by the mood in the house, Mr. Pape's dejected bureaucrat triumphed on his own terms.
MAYER--Jeanne C. (nee Goldberg) of Grantham, NH, formerly of West Orange, NJ passed away suddenly on January 28 in Davis, CA.
The MassMutual Financial Group, Boston, selected Mullen, of Wenham, Mass., owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies, to handle its account, which had been at another Interpublic agency, Lowe Worldwide, New York.
At Chrysler, meanwhile, incentive spending per vehicle rose $523, to $4,241 a vehicle, the highest average in the industry.
Rounding out his new legal team a month after his attorney general was forced to resign amid ethical questions, Gov.
The candidate he was really talking about, of course, was Clinton.
They finished a fraction of a board ahead of Cameron Doner of Richmond, British Columbia, and Bob Etter of Sacramento.
It is indifference, Frankfurt previously argued, that makes this stuff uniquely dangerous — so dangerous, he called bull a “greater enemy of the truth than lies.” That strange, some might consider counterintuitive conclusion — can it really be better to lie than to spout bull?
"It's the right fullness, the right drape," Ms. Funari said.
"On June 16, they found a head in a bucket right there," said Elubia Velásquez, pointing toward a tortilla shop while walking along the main street of La Esperanza.
Few would argue with Charyn's assertion that "Red Cavalry" is one of those books "that are larger, more mysterious, than our means of interpreting them."
Ms. Benyard hopes that one day she will be able to practice in poor neighborhoods back home.
He noted that Parrish grew up in the small town of Moberly, Mo., the son of a railroad cop, and wanted to be a Democratic politician before veering off into law.
Observed over a 10-day period, Mr. Upadhya mixes plaids to a fare-thee-well.
Correction: March 26, 2006, Sunday An article about Berlin last Sunday in T: Travel magazine referred incorrectly to Spex, a music and pop-culture publication.
The scandal surrounding Mr. Foley, a Florida Republican, has been a burdensome distraction for members of his party in the month before the midterm elections, and some Republicans have speculated that the e-mail messages were planted by a Democrat.
Researchers who conduct the trials on pets say the studies are approved by medical review boards, as with human clinical trials, and the owners must sign consent agreements.
For the first year or so, that idea was about all they had.
"Because, the way I see it, there's an adventure around every corner, waiting to be discovered.
Some executives see a silver lining in the earnings restatements.
Along with Lucas Ossendrijver (formerly the head designer under Hedi Slimane at Dior Homme), Elbaz is responsible for one of the fall's strongest collections.
Topalov, 30, is the coming man if he can muster the courage to face Kramnik.
Thousands took him up on the challenge.
"I was hooked right away," said Ms. Mandés, 34.
Had he remained the junior justice until March 1 of this year (as chief justice, John Roberts is automatically senior to all the other justices) he would have broken the record set by Justice Joseph Story on Sept. 1, 1823, the date that Justice Smith Thompson took the oath of office.
's punt-return defense is last in the country at No.
The man who died was carrying a note to his wife written on the back of a photograph.
CAMERON MURAD, a U.S. Army recruiter assigned to enlist Arabic speakers.
Shenk’s account, accompanied by diagrams of each move, richly illustrates what he calls the “lightning-quick reversal of fortune” that can occur in the course of a game.
Publicly supported British dance seems politically correct to a fault.
Gatlin, a 6-foot-1, 180-pound native of Brooklyn, last played football in 10th grade.
Others were larger in scale, like a 5,000-seat amphitheater, and the 20 acres earmarked for education, for which suggestions include a new home for the New York Harbor School, a public high school with a maritime emphasis, or a campus for advanced research, perhaps specializing in nano- or biotechnology.
"Our intent was to saturate the state with simply another layer of protection," said Sgt.
Naturally, it is done as a centerfold.
Since spring 2003, when the United States began its second major military action in the region, NPR has had as many as four journalists on the ground in Iraq at any one time.
Norman Solanch Bridgeport, Conn., Feb. 22, 2006
The article also misstated the month that the print version will go on sale again.
"He sent me up there to negotiate between tribal leaders and the board, to make peace," said Mr. Kadamus, 56, who is retiring today, having spent his entire career in the Education Department.
He was a kind, gentle man who is survived by his loving family.
If the victim vomits, turn the head to one side and clear the mouth with your fingers before trying the rescue breathing.
On eBay, there is always a certain rush, followed by the delightful -- and somehow unexpected -- ability to breathe normally again.
Everything has to be in verifiable territory."
It’s a Penang specialty for a reason.
After Mr. Klein admonished employees during an editorial meeting last year for leaking stories — presumably to Mr. Stelter — notes of the meeting were promptly leaked to TVNewser.
If nothing else, this celebration of French food and wine, adapted from Peter Mayle’s 2004 novel, will whet an appetite for consuming “the nectar that is incapable of lying,” as the film’s dissipated philosopher of epicurean delights calls the product of his estate in Provence.
"I regret the way I spoke sometimes.
Ferocious mother, ferocious friend, compelling and powerful teacher and leader.
But the effects continued to ripple across the nation as the authorities faced the challenge of tracking the source of the contamination through the food supply chain, and some victims began to seek compensation.
Omarion’s second solo album, “21” (Sony Urban), which hits shops tomorrow, includes two collaborations with Timbaland, who produced most of Mr. Timberlake’s current album.
(As The Star reported this week, removing the makeup took each of the show's participants an hour a day and required scrubbing with an oil-based cleanser.)
But she added that Briggs engines were 70 percent cleaner than they were than 15 years ago, before regulation.
While that is true, it is also disingenuous in that LIPA, like any other business looking out for its customers, should have been hedging energy supply costs.
In addition, the effects of asbestos often do not manifest themselves for years, or even decades.
From time to time, and more frequently than might be expected, flecks of love float across the bile -- for any production of Molière's "Misanthrope"; for "A Taste of Honey," by Shelagh Delaney, and "The Real Thing," by Tom Stoppard; for Michael Frayn's "Noises Off" and Kenneth Lonergan's "This Is Our Youth," the occasional Alan Ayckbourn farce and many others.
Loving, devoted, self - sacrificing Mother, charming and witty friend, devoted daughter.
The state attorney general’s office announced yesterday that it had reached a settlement with the Pinnacle Group, a Manhattan-based real estate company that has bought thousands of apartments in Upper Manhattan and the Bronx during the past two years and has faced criticism over rents and evictions.
The other two matches were close.
SUNY: Public Rigor Philosophy In 1998, the trustees of the State University of New York introduced an extensive set of distribution requirements.
NEIL JORDAN, subject of the current reverseshot symposium, is represented by a double feature of "THE BUTCHER BOY" and "BREAKFAST ON PLUTO."
It's still cozy, and still has tasty pizza, as well as a trio playing American standards that looks as if it has been playing there since 1957.
One such, numbered 69 in the volume "Jerusalem the Golden," runs in its length: "Among the heaps of brick and plaster lies / a girder, still itself among the rubbish."
The musicians seemed particularly attentive, but several times Mr. Graf asked them not to drag.
When you order it at Spicy & Tasty, it doesn’t come covered with peanut butter.
1, the romantic comedy "Failure to Launch" (Paramount), dropped one spot with $15.8 million, according to studio estimates, and "The Shaggy Dog" (Buena Vista), with Tim Allen, was bumped to No.
Shari C. Hyman, director of the Mayor's Office of Special Enforcement, said the city was using nuisance-abatement laws to close down sellers of pirated DVDs and is asking Albany to pass a state law increasing the penalties for movie piracy.
With a smile, he added, "It holds to the maxim, 'When the legend becomes fact, write the legend.'
Two, three years ago, we weren't sure.
I have a daughter who's in the Naval Academy.
She graduated from the University of Wisconsin.
"What's disappointing is not to take the win and not to take the points.
"It's a really good safety feature," she said.
He has four consecutive finishes in the top seven and plenty of course knowledge to help him in a pinch.
Solemn Mass of Transferral Thursday, 7:30 PM.
He combines theatricality with vaguely anachronistic, quasi-scientific, high-minded theories: the show's title, acronymized as "Yes," is his motto for the interaction of viewer and work.
"It's more of a hunt, if you're looking for something vintage."
So why is it not working right?
He watches the constellations overhead–especially the one he calls “straddle-bob Orion,” whose course through the sky is a clear marker of how far winter has to go.
As they enter their third seasons, however, "Deadwood" and "Entourage" are suspiciously chaste.
"He found an altitude he was comfortable flying at," said Erik Smith, who was Mr. Kennedy's spokesman at the campaign committee.
Pink's "I'm Not Dead" (LaFace) opened at No.
The products can also be hard to handle and may be more prone to infection, particularly when placed on a wound of questionable viability.
Do you have to, I wondered, choose between your own happiness and the happiness of your children?
BEYOND the City Art Gallery, Bratislava also has the Slovak National Gallery, which displays mostly paintings and betrays the Austro-Hungarian predilection for Dutch artists.
Erbitux, though, is approved for a broader range of uses.
"Everything from spelling bees to beauty contests and Westinghouse Science awards; Indians have a penchant for competitions," explained Rachelle Kucera Mehra, the managing editor.
That movie is "Street Fight," the Oscar-nominated documentary of the 2002 mayor's race that shined a spotlight on Mr. James's bruising political machine while casting Mr. Booker as the idealistic underdog.
This situation calls for candor, not cunning.
Your relationship system figures out how to get along with each person.
You ask yourself that question, and as you do, you start looking around and all of a sudden, it's what religious fanaticism can turn into."
In other reshuffling, Councilman Michael C. Nelson of Brooklyn lost his seat in the first row after supporting a Quinn rival for speaker.
Ms. Orton's sound wasn't special anymore.
All five are from Washington, and the Brights are cousins.
A mellow, biracial couple answered and greeted him warmly.
You pick up the handset, dial ## (which means, "This one's for Skype") and listen to a recorded female voice say: "Welcome to the VoSky Call Center.
Go to Article from The Guardian »
Hempstead Town officials have granted Verizon Communications a franchise to provide cable television through its fiber-optic telephone lines, setting the stage for head-to-head competition with the longtime local monopoly, Cablevision.
Hartford Stage, 50 Church Street.
But some find a way to opt out.
A 2-to-1 majority said Buckley v. Valeo had not, in fact, completely shut the door on regulating campaign spending.
He graduated magna cum laude from Savannah College of Art and Design.
Last Thursday, with Ms. Morales substituting, "Today" beat "Good Morning America" by 1.5 million viewers.
Those who bothered to read the company's proxy, filed on Feb. 2, saw in glorious black and white that Jerald G. Fishman, the chief executive, had backed up his truck to corporate headquarters late last year and loaded up the $144.7 million that he was owed in deferred compensation.
Delightful tidbits are presented before and after the meal.
Spokesmen for two major auto companies say they routinely offer technical advice to mobility dealers.
Over all, 28 percent of the players on Division I men's tennis teams from 1999 to 2004 were international, as were 21 percent of those on women's teams, according to the N.C.A.A.
Classic Stage Company, 136 East 13th Street, East Village, (212) 677-4210.
In the conversation Monday, Mr. Pataki answered a few questions about his proposed budget for the upcoming fiscal year, but he was not inclined to discuss his health.
"For a woman, now is the future," Tom's platonic friend Brandy (Judy Greer) tells him.
While rarely fatal in the United States, the disease sends 55,000 American children to the hospital with severe dehydration.
The judge said that made little sense because anyone could turn up in the park and no permit was required for "casual use."
The women's favorites include Lauryn Williams, Lisa Barber and Veronica Campbell in the 60-meter dash; Gail Devers and Joanna Hayes in the 60-meter hurdles; Monique Henderson in the 400; Hazel Clark and Jen Toomey in the 800; Treniere Clement and Tiffany McWilliams in the mile; Jenn Stuczynski in the pole vault; and Chaunte Howard and Amy Acuff in the high jump.